                                   LOAN NUMBER 3136-6 MOR




                  Guarantee Agreement


             (Industrial Finance Project)


                        between


                  KINGDOM OF MOROCCO


                          and


         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT




                Dated February 7, 1990

                                   LOAN NUMBER 3136-6 MOR

                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT, dated February 7, 1990, between KINGDOM
OF MOROCCO (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).

     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Societe Generale
Marocaine de Banques (the Borrower), having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and

     (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to nine million dollars ($9,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee
the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations, all as provided
in this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank’s entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations;

     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

                       ARTICLE I

            General Conditions; Definitions

     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreement" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.

     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.

                      ARTICLE II

                       Guarantee

     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.

                      ARTICLE III

                    Other Covenants

     Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor shall at all times maintain
the Foreign Exchange Risk Coverage Schemes.

     (b) Further to, and without limitation on, the
provisions of paragraph (a) of this Section, the
Guarantor shall take all measures necessary to ensure
that any foreign exchange loss payable by the Guarantor
to the Borrower pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Risk
Coverage Scheme shall be paid to the Borrower not later
than three (3) months after the end of the semester
during which such loss is incurred.

     (c) For purposes of this Section: (i) the term
"foreign exchange loss" means any loss incurred by the
Borrower resulting from changes in the rates of exchange
between currencies (including Dirhams) used in the
Borrower’s lending and borrowing operations; and (ii) the
term "semester" means the first six months or the second
six months of a calendar year.

     Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall take measures
satisfactory to the Bank designed to strengthen the
Guarantor’s institutional capabilities in relation to
export promotion activities.

                      ARTICLE IV

      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses

     Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.

     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:

     For the Guarantor:

          Ministere des Finances
          Rabat
          Kingdom of Morocco

                                    Telex:
                                         31963 M

     For the Bank

          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America

          Cable address:            Telex:

               INTBAFRAD                 440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA) or
                                          64145 (WUI)

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written



               KINGDOM OF MOROCCO



               By /s/ A. Bengelloum
                              Authorized Representative



               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT



               By /s/ W. Wapenhans
                                Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
