Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2185 CE
 (Public Manufacturing Enterprises Adjustment Credit)
                        between
      DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated November 30, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2185 CE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 30, 1990, between
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA (the Borrower)
and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter
dated August 13, 1990 from the Borrower describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
achieve public manufacturing enterprises reform
(hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Program, and requesting assistance from the Association
in the financing of urgently needed imports and services
required during such execution; and
     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to
provide such assistance to the Borrower by making the
Credit in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth
below (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement:
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to
read:
          "'Project' means the imports and other
     activities that may be financed out of the proceeds
     of the Credit pursuant to the provisions of
     Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.";
     (b)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Borrower and the
     Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
     to the Association a report, of such scope and in
     such detail as the Association shall reasonably
     request, on the execution of the Program referred
     to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
     Association of their respective obligations under
     the Development Credit Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
     (c)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by
the United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No.
34/Rev. 3 (1986);
     (b)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters dated August
18, 1989 and September 8, 1989, between the Borrower and
the Association;
     (c)  "Special Account G" means the account to be
used for goods and referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of
this Agreement; and
     (d)  "Special Account T" means the account to be
used for services and referred to in Section 2.02 (c) of
this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to ninety million
seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 90,700,000).
Page  3
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of
expenditures for goods under the Program, open and
maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a bank
and on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, Special
Account G shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of
expenditures for services under the Program, open and
maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a bank
and on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, Special
Account T shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (d)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be November 30,
1994 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in
each year.
Page  4
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
February 15 and August 15 commencing February 15, 2001
and ending August 15, 2030. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on August 15, 2010,
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending,
the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms
of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount
of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by
the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the
increase in the amounts of such installments, the payment
of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association
on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the
judgment of the Association, such revision shall not
change the grant element obtained under the above-
mentioned repayment modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.O2 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association
shall from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the actions specified in Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association for its review
and comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying
out the Program, in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. In order to assist the Borrower in
carrying out the Program, the Borrower shall employ
consultants whose qualifica-tions, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with the principles and procedures
Page  5
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consul-tants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
     Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit report
               for the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account or
               payment out of the Special Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  6
            Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that a situation has arisen which
shall make it improbable that the Program, or a
significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. The Secretary, Ministry of Finance of
the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
          Colombo, Sri Lanka
          Cable address:           Telex:
               SECMINFIN             FINMIN 21409
               Colombo               FORAID 21232
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
               By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                     Amount of the
                   Credit Allocated                 % of
                     (Expressed in              Expenditures
     Category       SDR Equivalent)            to be Financed
(1)  Goods                    86,900,000       100% of
                                               foreign
                                               expenditures
(2)  Consultants'              3,220,000       100%
     services
(3)  Refunding of                580,000       Amount due pur-
     Project Pre-                              suant to Section
     paration                                  2.02 (d) of this
     Advance                                   Agreement
                              __________
          TOTAL               90,700,000
                              ==========
2.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds.
3.   For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower.
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 1 and
2 above, no withdrawals shall be made under Category (1)
in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule in
respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
groups or sub-groups under future revisions to the SITC,
as designated by the Association by notice to the
Borrower:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112       -              Alcoholic beverages
     121       -              Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                              tobacco refuse
     122       -              Tobacco, manufactured
                              (whether or not
                              containing tobacco
                              substitutes)
Page  8
     525       -              Radioactive and
                              associated materials
     667       -              Pearls, precious and
                              semi-precious stones,
                              unworked or worked
     718       718.7          Nuclear reactors,
                              and parts thereof,
                              fuel elements
                              (cartridges), non-
                              irradiated for
                              nuclear reactors
     897       897.3          Jewelry of gold,
                              silver or platinum
                              group metals (except
                              watches and watch
                              cases) and
                              goldsmiths' or
                              silversmiths' wares
                              (including set gems)
     971       -              Gold, non-monetary (ex-
                              cluding gold ores and
                              concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or
for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower;
     (c)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 12,000,000, may be made on account of payments made
for such expenditures before that date but after August
15, 1990.
     (d)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $50,000 equivalent;
     (e)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Association shall
have financed or agreed to finance; and
     (f)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or para-military purpose or for luxury consumption.
5.   Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
less than $200,000, may be permitted by the Association
on the basis of statements of expenditure under such
terms and conditions as the Association shall specify.
6.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit after the aggregate of the
proceeds of the Credit withdrawn out of Category (1) from
the Credit Account and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of
SDR 43,450,000, unless the Association shall be
satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence
satisfactory to the Association:
     (a)  with the progress achieved by the Borrower in
the carrying out of the Program;
     (b)  that the macro-economic policy framework of the
Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the
Program; and
Page  9
     (c)  that the actions described in Schedule 3 to
this Agreement have been taken.
7.   If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraph 6 above, the Association shall have given
notice to the Borrower that the progress achieved and
actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90 days
after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved
progress and taken actions satisfactory to the
Association, then the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or
any part thereof.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                      Procurement
1.   Except as provided in paragraph 2 of this Schedule,
contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost
the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more each shall be
awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procure-ment under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Forum, Business
               Edition; or
          (ii) an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               international circulation; or
         (iii) a notice to local representatives of
               countries and territories referred to in
               the Guidelines, that are potential
               suppliers of the goods required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price in a
     single currency widely used in international trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Subject to the prior approval of the Association,
commonly traded commodities may be procured through
organized international commodity markets or other
channels of competitive procurement acceptable to the
Association, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
Page  10
the Association.
3.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of less than $5,000,000 shall be
awarded:
     (a)  by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's
public procurement procedures for the importation of
goods, on the basis of such procedures, provided that
such procedures shall have been found acceptable by the
Association;
     (b)  by other purchasers, in accordance with
established  commercial practice, provided that such
contracts shall be awarded on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of quotations obtained from suppliers from at
least two countries, except that direct contracting
procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the
Guidelines; and
     (c)  by any purchasers, for the supply of
commodities, on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
quotations obtained from more than one supplier.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together
with the analysis of the respective bids and
recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such
other information as the Association shall reasonably
request.
5.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association, prior to the submission to
the Association of the first application for withdrawal
of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may
reasonably request to support withdrawal applications in
respect of such contract.
6.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Schedule, where payments under a contract are
to be made out of the proceeds of Special Accounts, G and
T, the copies of such contract or the documentation and
the information to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4
of this Schedule, as the case may be, shall be furnished
to the Association as part of the evidence required under
paragraph 4 of Schedules 4 and 5 to this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 3
        Actions Referred to in Paragraph 6 (c)
            of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.   Submission of a Bill to Parliament for enacting an
Industrial Promotion Act.
2.   Submission of a Bill to Parliament for enacting a
Mining and Minerals Development Act.
3.   Satisfactory progress in the conversion of all
enterprises under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of
Industries, into companies under the Companies Act with
shares held by the Treasury (public companies).
Page  11
4.    At least 40% of the shares held by the Treasury in
the public companies in the mining and mineral sector
under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Industries
(except the Salt Corporation) repre-senting at least half
of the total asset value of such public companies, shall
have been divested.
5.   Adoption of a strategy to restructure and privatize
salt extracting and processing operations.
6.   At least 60% of the shares held by the Treasury in
the public companies in the non-mining and non-mineral
sector under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of
Industries (except the National Paper Corporation)
representing at least half of the total asset value of
such public companies, shall have been divested.
7.   Adoption of a strategy to streamline the pulp and
paper operations of the National Paper Corporation.
8.   Adoption of a strategy to restructure and modernize
the cement industry.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                   Special Account G
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from
time to time to Category (1) in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $10,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into Special Account G
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of Special Account G shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that Special Account G has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish  Special Account G
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit in Special Account G such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of Special Account G,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               Special Account G at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
Page  12
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into Special Account G such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been paid out of Special Account G for
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under Category (1), and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of Special
Account G, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into Special Account G:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit, less the amount of any outstanding special
commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow
such procedures as the Association shall specify by
notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in Special Account G as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of Special Account G: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into Special
Account G (or, if the Association shall so request,
refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount
of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into Special
Account G shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in Special Account G
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
Page  13
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in Special Account G.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                   Special Account T
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of
services required during the execution of the Program and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to Category (2) in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $100,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into Special Account T
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of Special Account T shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that Special Account T has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish  Special Account T
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit in Special Account T such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of Special Account T,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               Special Account T at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into Special Account T such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been paid out of Special Account T for
Page  14
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under Category (2), and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of Special
Account T, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into Special Account T:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit, less the amount of any outstanding special
commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow
such procedures as the Association shall specify by
notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in Special Account T as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of Special Account T: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into Special
Account T (or, if the Association shall so request,
refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount
of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into Special
Account T shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in Special Account T
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in Special Account T.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
Page  15
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
