         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                  International Development Association             87651
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                  EDS98-343
                                                                 July 8, 1998


Board Meeting of July 9, 1998
Statement by Khalid Alyahya


                Thailand: Country Assistance Strategy
                                 and
 Economic and Financial Adjustment Loan and Social Investment Project


     My comments will be very selective and will focus on what I
see as some key policy issues.

     First, our discussions of the CAS and the loans accompanying
it have been placed in a broader context by the recent Country
Assistance Note, which was reviewed by CODE. The points I made
at the CODE meeting have been covered in the recent        “green
sheet”.    I would just mention that regarding the Bank’s
performance, it seemed that institutional memory and staff
continuity were not all they could have been, and the potential
for capturing lessons of cross-country experience might also be
strengthened. Outside the Bank, efforts should be made to better
incorporate the views of the authorities in CANs as well as CASs
– which in the case before us seems to have been done, as para.
100 of the CAS make clear.

     Second, and turning now to the CAS itself, I found this
comprehensive and frank.   Indeed, perhaps it is a bit too frank
in its review of the risk factors starting in para 116.         I
recognize the need for staff to fully cover the risk factors, of
which there seem to be no shortage.      But citation by outside
parties of some of the statements made might not prove helpful in
an already difficult situation.         For example, there are
references: to “rising xenophobia” [para. 117]; to a possible
currency “devaluation” by a major regional player [para. 120]; to
the risk of too close an identification by the Bank “with the
present Government”; and to the Bank being perceived as “pushing
the country toward foreign subservience” [para. 122]. These do
not seem to be as carefully worded as they might have been.

     Third, I see something of a dilemma in the CAS document and
indeed reflected in the two accompanying loans between short-term
liquidity support and the ongoing longer-term structural reform
                                2

agenda where the Bank’ clear comparative advantage lies.     The
second section of the CAS, on Thailand’s development challenges
and the Bank Group’s role, is well articulated especially as
regards the areas where the Bank can help. The wording in para.
30 is appropriately cautious as to the degree of difficulty in
program implementation, and the need for the “Bank to be
realistic about the modest contribution it can make to solving
Thailand’s problems.”    But then moving ahead to para. 101 we
read of the request to supply up-front liquidity, and we also
read that the Economic and Financial Adjustment Loan is to meet
critical foreign exchange needs.      Looking at the external
financing needs for 1998 alone in Table 1 of the CAS, we see
close to $20 billion in potential uses and on the supply side a
rather large figure of nearly $11 billion under the heading “Net
Other and Unidentified Capital”. The IBRD’s contribution of $1
billion or so is obviously going to be modest in such a context.
It would probably be prudent to keep it this way until the
situation clarifies.

     This brings me to my fourth point which is to generally
endorse the proposed strategy and lending program as summarized
in Table 4, including the enhanced balance-of payments support
above the $900 million announced in Tokyo [para. 106]. However,
adequate   flexibility  should  be   preserved  and   I welcome
Management’s intention to come back to the Board with a revised
strategy as and when necessary.

     Fifth and finally, I want to lend my support to the Social
Investment Project.   This seems to be well targeted to address
the needs of the unemployed and the poor in local communities
during the current crisis.   It is a good example of the Bank’s
comparative advantage at work.

     Those are my initial reactions to a demonstrably complex set
of issues. I certainly wish the Thai authorities well in putting
their economy back on a successful developmental track in the
years ahead.    As in the past, I hope they will rise to the
challenge.
