Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2502 GH
                   Development Credit Agreement
        (Private Enterprise and Export Development Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 26, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2502 GH
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 26, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF GHANA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
April 27, 1993, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to strengthen the financial sector,
promote exports and investment, and encourage private sector
development (hereinafter called the Program), and declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (C)   Parts A, B and C of the Project will be carried out by
the Bank of Ghana (BOG) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part
of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to BOG a
portion of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Page  2
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and BOG;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Bank of Ghana Act" means the Bank of Ghana Law, 1992
(P.N.D.C.L. 291);
      (b)   "BOG" means the Bank of Ghana, established pursuant to
the Bank of Ghana Act;
      (c)   "Cedis" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (d)   "Cedis Sub-loan" means any Sub-loan made and denominated
in Cedis;
      (e)   "Dollar Sub-loan" means any Sub-loan made and
denominated in Dollars;
      (f)   "EFO Reference Interest Rate" has the meaning provided
in paragraph 2 (a) of Part A of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement;
      (g)   "Export Finance Office" or "EFO" means the Export
Finance Office established within BOG, under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association, for purposes of implementing Parts
A, B and C of the Project;
      (h)    "Export Guarantee Program" has the meaning provided
therefor in Part B of the Project;
      (i)   "Export Refinance Program" has the meaning provided
therefor in Part A of the Project;
      (j)   "free-limit Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan, as so defined,
which qualifies as a free-limit Sub-loan pursuant to the provisions
of paragraph 1(b) of Part B of Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement;
      (k)   "Investment Enterprise" means any enterprise meeting the
eligibility criteria set forth in Part D of Schedule 1 to the
Project Agreement to which any PFI proposes to make or has made a
Sub-loan;
      (l)   "Investment Project" means a manufacturing or processing
operation, meeting the eligibility criteria set forth in Part D of
Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement, to complete an export order to
be carried out by an Investment Enterprise utilizing the proceeds of
a Sub-loan;
      (m)   "MFEP" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance and
Economic Planning;
      (n)   "NPART" means the Non-Performing Assets Recovery Trust,
established pursuant to the Non-Performing Assets (Loans,
Investments) Recovery Law, 1989 (P.N.D.C.L. 242);
      (o)   "Participating Financial Institution" or "PFI" means any
bank or specialized financial institution which meets the
eligibility criteria set forth in Part C of Schedule 2 to the
Project Agreement and which is designated by BOG as a Participating
Page  3
Financial Institution;
      (p)   "Participation Agreement" means the financing
agreements, in form and substance satisfactory to the Association,
to be entered into between BOG and each PFI in accordance with
Section 2.02 of the Project Agreement, pursuant to which BOG shall
onlend proceeds of the Credit for the purpose of financing Sub-
loans;
      (q)   "PFI Subsidiary Loan" means a loan made by BOG to any
PFI for any Sub-loan, as described in paragraph 1 of Part A of
Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement;
      (r)   "PIU" means the project implementation unit established
within the MFEP, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, for purposes of implementing the Project;
      (s)   "Private Enterprise" means any enterprise which is at
least 51% directly or indirectly owned by private individuals, and
in which the public sector is not the largest single shareholder;
      (t)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Bank of Ghana (BOG), of even date herewith, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (u)   "Special Account" means either the BOG Special Account
or the PIU Special Account referred to in Section 2.02 (b)(i) and
(ii), respectively, of this Agreement;
      (v)   "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
BOG out of the proceeds of the Credit to an Investment Enterprise
for an Investment Project; and
      (w)   "Subsidiary Administration Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and BOG pursuant
to Section 3.01(c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes any schedules to the
Subsidiary Administration Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-nine million six hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 29,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for: (i) amounts paid (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be paid) by BOG on account of
withdrawals made by an Investment Enterprise under a Sub-loan to
meet the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the
Investment Project in respect of which the withdrawal from the
Credit Account is requested; and (ii) for expenditures made (or, if
the Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for Parts C and D of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   (i)    The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A
                   and C of the Project, open and maintain in
                   Dollars a special deposit account (the BOG
                   Special Account) in a commercial bank on terms
                   and conditions satisfactory to the Association,
                   including appropriate protection against set-
                   off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and
                   payments out of, the BOG Special Account shall
                   be made in accordance with the provisions of
                   Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
Page  4
           (ii)    The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part D
                   of the Project, open and maintain in Dollars a
                   special deposit account (the PIU Special
                   Account) in a commercial bank on terms and
                   conditions satisfactory to the Association,
                   including appropriate protection against set-
                   off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and
                   payments out of, the PIU Special Account shall
                   be made in accordance with the provisions of
                   Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1998 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15
commencing July 15, 2003 and ending January 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on January 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consi-
deration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
Page  5
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. BOG is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Parts A, B and C of the Project for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                    Description of the Project;
                   Use of Proceeds of the Credit
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Part D of the Project with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                   appropriate administrative and financial
                   practices, and with due regard to ecological and
                   environmental factors, and shall provide,
                   promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
                   services and other resources required for such
                   Part of the Project; and
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause BOG
                   to perform all its obligations set forth in the
                   Project Agreement, shall take or cause to be
                   taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable BOG to
                   perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                   permit to be taken any action which would
                   prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, and except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Part D in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make available a portion of the
proceeds of the Credit to BOG under a subsidiary administration
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and BOG, under
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association and which shall include: (i) the requirement that the
Borrower bears the foreign exchange risk, (ii) provision for
retention by BOG of a processing fee equal to 2% of all interest
payments made by PFIs to BOG under the Export Refinance Program, and
(iii) the requirement that BOG employ the proceeds from the
repayment of Sub-loans to finance short-term export credit needs, as
well as other export credits, subject to its obligations to fund the
Export Guarantee Program under paragraph 4 (a) of Schedule 4 to the
Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Page  6
Subsidiary Administration Agreement in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Administration Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part
D of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts
A, B and C of the Project shall be carried out by BOG pursuant to
Section 2.05 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a)  The Borrower shall take all actions
necessary so that beginning not later than December 31, 1993: (i)
ex-post review, rather than ex-ante approval, shall apply to all
investments; and (ii) fiscal investment incentives shall be obtained
simultaneously with the filing of tax returns.
      (b)  The Borrower shall: (i) not later than December 31, 1993,
commence implementation of an action plan to eliminate, within
calendar year 1994, the regulatory functions of the Ghana Invest-
ments Centre (established pursuant to the Investment Code, 1985
(P.N.D.C.L. 116)); and (ii) take all actions necessary so that
beginning not later than January 1, 1995, the Ghana Investments
Centre shall have no regulatory functions.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall carry out, jointly with
the Association and BOG, not earlier than July 31, 1995 and not
later than September 30, 1995, a mid-term review of the progress
made in carrying out the Project and the Program. This review shall
cover, among other things: (i) implementation of the Export
Refinance Program and the Export Guarantee Program, (ii) the
interest rates being charged by BOG on PFI Subsidiary Loans and by
PFIs on Sub-loans, (iii) progress with the restructuring of the
companies within the NPART portfolio, (iv) adequacy of institutional
arrangements for Project implementation, (v) review of the results
of the studies conducted under Parts C and D of the Project and
recommendations for follow-up actions, (vi) review of the monitoring
indicators agreed upon with the Association, (vii) the status of
modifications to the regulation of investments and other reforms set
forth in the Program, (viii) execution and impact of training
programs under the Project, and (ix) status of procurement under the
Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall transmit to the Association, at least
90 days prior to the mid-term review described in paragraph (a)
above, a report, in scope and detail satisfactory to the
Association, describing the status of the items listed in such
paragraph and of Project and Program implementation generally.
      (c)   Based on such review, the Borrower shall promptly
prepare an action plan, acceptable to the Association, for the
further implementation of the Project and the Program, and shall
thereafter implement such action plan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part D of the Project of the departments
Page  7
or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project
or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section and those for the
                   Special Accounts for each fiscal year audited,
                   in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of any
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out;
      (b)   BOG shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
Page  8
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that BOG will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (d)   the Bank of Ghana Act shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the operations or the financial condition of BOG or
its ability to carry out the Project or to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement; and
      (e)   the Borrower, or any other authority having juris-
diction, shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of BOG or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (b) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (e) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Administration Agreement has been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and BOG;
      (b)   at least five banks shall have been designated by BOG as
PFIs;
      (c)   the Export Finance Office and PIU shall be fully staffed
with personnel with qualifications and experience satisfactory to
the Association;
      (d)   the Borrower and BOG shall have prepared bid packages,
satisfactory to the Association, for the procurement of those goods
and services agreed upon with the Association required under Parts
C and D of the Project (except for Part C.3); and
      (e)   the Borrower shall have submitted to the Association
detailed proposals for implementing Section 3.04 of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by BOG, and is legally binding upon BOG in accordance with
its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Administration Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and BOG and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and BOG in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Page  9
Agreement, the Minister for Finance and Economic Planning of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister for Finance and
              Economic Planning
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECONOMICON                2205 MIFAEP GH
                   Accra
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                         By /s/ Joseph Abbey
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
Page  10
(1)   Sub-loans                24,500,000       100%
(2)   Consultants' Ser-           410,000       100%
      vices, Training,
      Equipment and
      Vehicles under
      Part C.1 of the
      Project
(3)   Consultants' Ser-           260,000       100%
      vices, Guidebooks,
      Workshops and
      Training under
      Part C.2 of the
      Project
(4)   Consultants' Ser-          2,480,000      100%
      vices, Training,
      Equipment and Vehicles
      under Part C.3 of
      the Project
(5)   Consultants' Ser-           100,000       100%
      vices and Equipment
      under Part C.4 of
      the Project
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(6)  Consultants' Ser-           30,000         100%
     vices under Part C.5
     of the Project
(7)  Consultants' Ser-           270,000        100%
     vices, Training,
     Equipment,
     Vehicles, Equip-
     ment and Vehicle
     Maintenance, and
     Office Supplies
     under Part D.1
     of the Project
(8)  Consultants' Ser-           210,000        100%
     vices, Training,
     Equipment and
     Vehicles under
     Part D.2 of the
     Project
(9)  Consultants' Ser-           150,000         100%
     vices, Training,
     Equipment and Vehicles
     under Part D.3
     of the Project
(10)  Unallocated                1,190,000
                                __________
      TOTAL                     29,600,000
                                ==========
2.   For purposes of this Schedule, the term "training" means
expenditures for seminars, fellowships, courses and other forms of
training, each as are approved by the Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
Page  11
      (a)   Category (1) until (i) the Export Finance Office shall
have adopted operational policies and procedures for implementing
the Export Refinance Program and the Export Guarantee Program
satisfactory to the Association, (ii) BOG shall have issued a
circular to the banking sector, satisfactory to the Association,
describing the Export Refinance Program and the Export Guarantee
Program, including their eligibility criteria, and (iii) BOG shall
have executed Participation Agreements with at least two PFIs;
      (b)   a Sub-loan unless the Sub-loan has been made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 1 and Part D of Schedule 2 to the
Project Agreement; and
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to (i) promote the
Borrower's exports, (ii) strengthen the capacity of the Borrower's
financial sector, and (iii) improve the efficiency of the Borrower's
private sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Export Credit Refinance Facility
      Financing, through BOG and PFIs, of short term credits to
exporters to support their export activities (the Export Refinance
Program).
Part B:     Export Credit Guarantee Program
      Operation of an export credit guarantee program (the Export
Guarantee Program), through BOG, covering preshipment export credits
provided by PFIs.
Part C:     Strengthening and Expanding Banking Sector Activities
1.    Improving the institutional capacity of BOG to promote exports
through the training of staff and the creation and operation within
BOG of the Export Finance Office.
2.    Improving the capacity of bankers and exporters to conduct
export activities through training of staff and distribution of an
export guidebook.
3.    Establishment and operation of an international payments
settlement system for banks, including the acquisition of computer
equipment and the training of the staff of BOG and other financial
sector institutions.
4.    Conducting a feasibility study for the establishment of a
forward foreign exchange market.
5.    Conducting a feasibility study for the creation of a credit
reference agency.
Part D:     Strengthening and Expanding Other Financial and
            Private Sector Activities
1.    Preparation of an action plan to restructure the companies
within the NPART portfolio.
2.    Promoting the establishment of an institutional debt market
and improving the operation of stock markets through studies and
training of the staff of the Borrower and private sector
institutions.
Page  12
3.    Improving the operation of the insurance sector through
studies and training of staff of insurance sector institutions.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by September 30, 1997.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods under Part D of
the Project shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more.
3.    Goods shall be exempted from preshipment price inspection by
a third party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Ghana may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods under Part D of the Project
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods under Part D of the
Project, estimated to cost the equivalent of $75,000 or less per
contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of over $75,000, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of any Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of any
Page  13
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of any Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review or approval requirements shall not apply to the
terms of reference for such contracts nor to the employment of
individuals, to single-source hiring of firms, to assignments of a
critical nature as reasonably determined by the Association, and to
amendments of contracts raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
                       Part D of the Project
1.    The Borrower shall operate the PIU under terms of reference,
and with staffing (including their qualifications and experience),
satisfactory to the Association.
2.    In carrying out Part D of the Project, the Borrower shall
adopt, not later than October 30 of each year, and thereafter
implement a training program for the subsequent calendar year,
including cost sharing arrangements, satisfactory to the
Association.
3.    The Borrower shall carry out the studies under Part D of the
Project under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association,
and shall complete, not later than June 30, 1994, the following
studies: (a) a long term debt market study under Part D.2 of the
Project, and (b) a study regarding commercial insurance options
under Part D.3 of the Project.
4.    The Borrower shall submit to the Association, not later than
January 31, 1994, a draft action plan under Part D.1 of the Project,
and shall adopt a final action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, not later than April 30, 1994.
Page  14
5.    The Borrower shall carry out Part D.1 of the Project in
cooperation with NPART under terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association.
6.    The Borrower shall carry out Part D.2 of the Project through
the Ghana Stock Exchange, established under the Stock Exchange Act,
1971 (Act 384), under terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association.
7.    The Borrower shall carry out Part D.3 of the Project through
the National Insurance Commission, established pursuant to the
Insurance Law, 1989 (P.N.D.C.L. 227), under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means:
            (i)    with respect to the BOG Special Account,
                   Categories (1) through (6) set forth in the
                   table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
                   Agreement; and
           (ii)    with respect to the PIU Special Account,
                   Categories (7) through (9) set forth in the
                   table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
                   Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A and C of the Project, in the case of the BOG Special
Account, and Part D of the Project, in the case of the PIU Special
Account, and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, provided,
however, that notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1(b) of
Part B of Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement, payments for
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of free-limit Sub-
loans may be made out of the BOG Special Account before the
Association shall have authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account in respect thereof; such expenditures, however, shall
qualify as eligible expenditures only if the Association shall
subsequently authorize such withdrawals; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to: (i) $3,000,000, in the case of the BOG Special
Account, and (ii) $400,000, in the case of the PIU Special Account,
to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited in such
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of any Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that any Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation for such Special Account and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish such Special Account shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in such Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
Page  15
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of such Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into such Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into such Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested                   
and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of such
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of any Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into any Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for such Special Account, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Parts A and C of the Project, in the case of the BOG
Special Account, and Part D of the Project, in the case of the PIU
Special Account, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of
the Authorized Allocation for such Special Account.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for such Special Account shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in such Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of any Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into such Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into any Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
Page  16
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in any Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in any
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
