Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2502 GH
                         Project Agreement
        (Private Enterprise and Export Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                           BANK OF GHANA
                        Dated July 26, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2502 GH
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 26, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and BANK OF GHANA (BOG).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Ghana (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to twenty-nine
million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 29,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that BOG agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement; and
      (B)   by a subsidiary administration agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and BOG, a portion of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
made available to BOG on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Administration Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BOG, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of BOG
      Section 2.01. (a) BOG declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out or
cause to be carried out Parts A, B and C of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, banking, technical and management
practices, and with due regard to ecological and environmental
factors, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for such Parts of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and BOG shall
otherwise agree, BOG shall carry out Parts A, B and C of the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. For the purpose of carrying out Part A of the
Project, BOG shall provide to PFIs the equivalent of the Credit
allocated to Part A of the Project under participation agreements
(the Participation Agreements) to be entered into between BOG and
each PFI, under terms and conditions which shall have been approved
by the Association and which shall include those set forth in
Schedules 1 and 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) BOG undertakes that, unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans shall be made in accordance with
the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred
to in Schedules 1 and 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   BOG shall exercise its rights in relation to each
Investment Project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests
of the Association and of BOG; (ii) comply with its obligations
under this Agreement and the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.04. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A and C of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. BOG shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land aquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A,
B and C of the Project.
      Section 2.06. BOG shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Administration Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, BOG shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Administration Agreement or any provision
thereof.
Page  3
      Section 2.07. (a) BOG shall together with the Borrower, review
with the Association, at least once every six months, progress in
carrying out the Export Refinance Program under Part A of the
Project and the Export Guarantee Program under Part B of the
Project. In connection therewith and with the consent of the
Association, BOG shall effect such changes as may be required to
ensure the successful implementation of the Project, including (i)
any adjustment required in the onlending terms and conditions set
forth in Schedules 1 and 2 to this Agreement to ensure that interest
rates remain positive in real terms and reflect market conditions,
and (ii) on an annual basis, the eligibility of PFIs under Schedule
2 to this Agreement. To that end, BOG shall furnish to the Borrower
and the Association every six months a report on the progress
achieved in carrying out Parts A and B of the Project, in such
detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
      (b)   BOG shall, at the request of the Association, exchange
views with the Association with regard to the progress of Parts A,
B and C of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (c)   BOG shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A, B and C of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by BOG of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement.
      Section 2.08. (a) BOG shall carry out, jointly with the
Association and the Borrower, not earlier than July 31, 1995 and not
later than September 30, 1995, and in accordance with the provisions
of Section 3.05 of the Development Credit Agreement, a mid-term
review of the progress made in carrying out Parts A, B and C of the
Project. This review shall cover, among other things: (i) imple-
mentation of the Export Refinance Program and the Export Guarantee
Program, (ii) the interest rates being charged by BOG on PFI
Subsidiary Loans and by PFIs on Sub-loans, (iii) adequacy of
institutional arrangements for Project implementation, (iv) review
of the results of the studies conducted under Part C of the Project
and recommendations for follow-up actions, (v) evaluation and impact
of training programs under Part C of the Project; (vi) status of
procurement under Parts A and C of the Project; and (vii) review of
the monitoring indicators agreed upon with the Association.
      (b)   BOG shall transmit to the Association, at least 90 days
prior to the mid-term review described in paragraph (a) above, a
report, in scope and detail satisfactory to the Association,
describing the status of the items listed in such paragraph and of
implementation of Parts A, B and C of the Project, generally.
      (c)   Based on such review, BOG shall promptly prepare an
action plan, acceptable to the Association, for the further
implementation of such Parts of the Project, and shall thereafter
implement such action plan.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) BOG shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts A, B and C of
the Project and of each Investment Project (including its cost and
the benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
operations and financial condition of BOG.
      (b)   BOG shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
Page  4
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements relating to the
                   Project for such year as so audited, and (B) the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of BOG thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date 20 years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify BOG of
this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
Page  5
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For BOG:
            Bank of Ghana
            P.O. Box 2674
            Accra
            Ghana
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   GHANA BANK                2541 GHANABANK GH
                   Accra                     2052
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BOG, or by BOG on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Governor of BOG or such other person or persons as the Governor
of BOG shall designate in writing, and BOG shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                   BANK OF GHANA
                   By /s/ Joseph Abbey
                                         Authorized Representative
                           SCHEDULE 1
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
                           of Sub-loans
A.  Terms
1.    Currency
      All Sub-loans shall be made and denominated in Cedis (Cedis
Sub-loan) or Dollars (Dollar Sub-loan). In the case of any Dollar
Sub-loan, the Investment Enterprise shall bear any foreign exchange
risk.
2.    Interest Rates
      Interest on Sub-loans to Investment Enterprises shall be
charged at a fixed rate determined by PFIs, but shall in any event
Page  6
be no less than the EFO Reference Interest Rate applicable at such
time.
3.    Maturities
      The maximum term of any Sub-loan shall be 360 days, and shall
not be extended.
4.    Maximum Size
      The maximum size of any Sub-loan shall be $500,000 equivalent,
except as the Association may otherwise agree. No Sub-loan shall be
made to any Investment Enterprise if the aggregate of such proposed
Sub-loan and the outstanding balances under all other Sub-loans to
such Investment Enterprise financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit exceeds $500,000, except as the Association may otherwise
agree.
5.    Prepayment
      Any Sub-loan or any part of any such Sub-loan may be repaid to
a PFI in advance of maturity without penalty.
B.   Procedures
1.    No expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Credit unless:
      (a)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
approved by the Association and such expenditures shall have been
made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the
Association shall have received the application and information
required under paragraph 2(a) of this Part in respect of such
Sub-loan; or
      (b)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Association has authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account and such expenditures shall have
been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Association shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 2(b) of this Part in respect of such
free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of the Development Credit
Agreement and this Agreement, a free-limit Sub-loan shall be a
Sub-loan to an Investment Enterprise for an Investment Project in an
amount to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit which (i)
shall not exceed $200,000 equivalent, and (ii) shall also not exceed
$500,000 equivalent, when added to the outstanding balances under
all other free-limit Sub-loans to such Investment Enterprise
financed or proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, the foregoing amounts being subject to change from time to
time as determined by the Association.
2.    (a)   When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a free-limit
Sub-loan) to the Association for approval, BOG shall furnish to the
Association an application, in form satisfactory to the Association,
together with: (i) a description of the Investment Enterprise and an
appraisal of the Investment Project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan; and (iii)
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by BOG for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Credit Account in respect of a free-limit
Sub-loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the Investment
Enterprise and the Investment Project, including a description of
the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Sub-loan.
C.  Conditions
Page  7
1.    Sub-loans shall be made on conditions whereby BOG shall cause
each PFI, by written contract with the Investment Enterprise or by
other appropriate legal means, to (i) obtain rights adequate to
protect the interests of the Borrower, the Association and BOG, and
(ii) obtain the following rights and impose the following
requirements:
      (a)   that the Investment Enterprise be required to carry out
and operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records and accounts;
      (b)   the requirement that:
            (i)    unless otherwise permitted under paragraphs (ii)
                   through (iv) below, goods and services estimated
                   to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less per
                   contract, and to be financed under a Sub-loan,
                   shall be purchased at a reasonable price,
                   account being taken also of other relevant
                   factors such as the time of delivery and
                   efficiency and reliability of the goods, and
                   availability of maintenance facilities and spare
                   parts therefor, and, in the case of services, of
                   their quality and the competence of the parties
                   rendering them;
           (ii)    standardized equipment and proprietary items
                   required for compatibility, and estimated to
                   cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or less per
                   contract, may be awarded after direct
                   negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
                   procedures acceptable to the Association;
          (iii)    goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
                   $1,000,000 or less per contract, and to be
                   financed under a Sub-loan, may be procured under
                   contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of
                   price quotations obtained from at least three
                   suppliers eligible under the "Guidelines for
                   Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
                   published by the Bank in May 1992 (the
                   Guidelines), in accordance with procedures
                   acceptable to the Association;
           (iv)    goods to be financed under a Sub-loan may be
                   procured under contracts awarded in accordance
                   with procedures consistent with those set forth
                   in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (or, if
                   the Association shall otherwise agree, under
                   procedures acceptable to the Association for
                   direct contracting with suppliers or for limited
                   international bidding);
            (v)    all contracts for goods estimated to cost the
                   equivalent of more than $100,000 per contract
                   shall be reviewed by the PFI prior to award to
                   determine compliance with the foregoing
                   provisions;
           (vi)    such goods and services shall be used
                   exclusively to carry out the Investment Project;
                   and
          (vii)    the Investment Enterprise shall provide to the
                   PFI at the time of application for a Sub-loan a
                   list of the goods and services to be procured
                   under such Sub-loan and their method of
                   procurement;
      (c)   the right to inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Association if the Association shall so
Page  8
request, such goods and the sites, works, plants and construction
included in the Investment Project, the operation thereof, and any
relevant records and documents;
      (d)   the requirement that: (i) the Investment Enterprise take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice, and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance cover hazards incident to the acquisition,
transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit to the place of use or installation, any indemnity
thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable by the
Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   the right to obtain all such information as the
Association or BOG shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and financial
condition of the Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be
derived from the Investment Project; and
      (f)   the right to suspend or terminate the right of the
Investment Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon
failure by such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations
under its contract with the PFIs.
D.    Eligibility Criteria for Investment Enterprises and
      Investment Projects
1.    Only Investment Enterprises that qualify as Private
Enterprises shall be eligible to receive Sub-loans from PFIs to
carry out Investment Projects.
2.    For any Investment Project to be eligible for financing under
a Sub-Loan:
      (a)   the Investment Enterprise must submit to the PFI either
(i) an irrevocable documentary letter of credit issued by the
importer's bank relating to the export of goods or services to be
prepared under the Investment Project, or (ii) sufficient documented
and verified purchase orders in the case of any Investment Enter-
prise with at least two recent years of active export experience, as
determined by the PFI under guidelines issued by BOG and satis-
factory to the Association;
      (b)   the Investment Enterprise must contribute at least 15%
of the cost of the Investment Project from internally-generated
resources;
      (c)   the Investment Project must be financially and
technically viable, consistent with existing environmental policies
and environmentally sound, as determined in accordance with
guidelines satisfactory to the Association; and
      (d)   the Investment Project must not involve the export of
gold, diamonds, cocoa, electricity or raw timber (except as the
Association may otherwise agree).
                            SCHEDULE 2
                  Principal Terms and Conditions
       of PFI Subsidiary Loans and Participation Agreements
      Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the principal
terms and conditions set forth in this Schedule shall apply for the
purposes of Section 2.02 of this Agreement with respect to
Participation Agreements.
A.    Terms
1.    Amount and Currency
      BOG shall onlend to any PFI from the proceeds of the Credit
Page  9
for the purpose of making any Sub-loan an amount (the PFI Subsidiary
Loan) of Cedis (in the case of any Cedis Sub-loan) or Dollars (in
the case of any Dollar Sub-loan) equal to the amount of such Sub-
loan.  In the case of any Dollar Sub-Loan, the PFI shall bear any
foreign exchange risk.
2.    Interest Rates and Service Charge
      (a)   Interest on a PFI Subsidiary Loan shall be charged on
the principal amount thereof outstanding from time to time at a
fixed reference interest rate (the EFO Reference Interest Rate)
determined as follows (subject to such adjustments as may be
required under Section 2.07 of this Agreement):
            (i)    for Cedis Sub-loans, the average of the 180-day
                   deposit rate of each commercial bank reported to
                   BOG, calculated at least on a quarterly basis;
                   and
           (ii)    for Dollar Sub-Loans, 2.625 percentage points
                   above the prevailing Eurodollar London Interbank
                   Offered Rate for the term of the Sub-loan,
                   determined at the time the PFI Subsidiary Loan
                   is made.
      (b)  Interest on any PFI Subsidiary Loan shall be paid upon
maturity and, in the case of any prepayment in full, at the time of
such prepayment. The service charge for any PFI Subsidiary Loan
provided for under the preceding paragraph shall be paid at the time
such loan is made.
3.    Maturities
      Each PFI Subsidiary Loan shall be repaid in full on the
maturity date of the related Sub-loan.
B.    Conditions
1.    Each Participation Agreement shall contain provisions pursuant
to which each PFI shall undertake to continue:
      (a)   to be duly established and to operate under the laws of
the Borrower, and to comply with all applicable law, regulations and
guidelines;
      (b)   to maintain a sound financial structure and a healthy
portfolio, and maintain adequate organization, management, staffing
and other resources required for the efficient execution of its
activities;
      (c)   to conduct its operations and affairs, including
interest rate policies, in accordance with sound financial
principles and practices;
      (d)   to maintain a lending and investment policy acceptable
to the Association and BOG, and to maintain suitable procedures and
an adequate number of suitably qualified staff to enable it to
effectively:
            (i)    appraise the financial, technical and
                   environmental feasibility of Investment Projects
                   and make Sub-loans to Investment Enterprises in
                   accordance with said lending and investment
                   policy and on the basis of the criteria,
                   procedures and principal terms and conditions
                   set forth in Part C of this Schedule and
                   Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
           (ii)    supervise, monitor and report on the execution
                   by Investment Enterprises of Investment
                   Projects, including the procurement of goods and
                   services thereunder, and the costs and benefits
                   thereof.
Page  10
2.   Each Participation Agreement shall also contain provisions
requiring each PFI:
      (a)   to exercise its rights in respect of Sub-loans in such
a manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower, the
Association and BOG and to comply with its obligations under its
Participation Agreement in order to achieve the purposes of Part A
of the Project;
      (b)   to undertake not to assign, amend, abrogate or waive any
of its agreements providing for Sub-loans or any provision thereof
without the approval of BOG;
      (c)  (i) to maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect
the goods and services procured with proceeds from the Sub-loans and
the method under which such goods and services were procured, and
(ii) to review with BOG prior to award all contracts for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more per contract
and to be financed from a Sub-loan;
      (d)   (i)    to maintain records and accounts adequate to
                   monitor and record the operations, resources,
                   expenditures and progress of each Investment
                   Project and withdrawals of the Sub-loans, and to
                   reflect, in accordance with consistently
                   maintained sound accounting practice, its
                   operations and financial condition relating
                   thereto;
            (ii)   to have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements), including
                   Sub-loan accounts and PFI Subsidiary Loan
                   accounts, for each fiscal year audited, in
                   accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                   consistently applied by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Association;
          (iii)    to furnish to BOG as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   statutory financial statements and accounts for
                   such year as so audited and certified copies of
                   the audit reports required under paragraph (ii)
                   above; and (B) with respect to the Project,
                   supplementary audited statements by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   (including the status of Sub-loan accounts and
                   PFI Subsidiary Loan accounts and compliance by
                   PFIs with eligibility criteria of Investment
                   Projects) as BOG or the Association shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
            (iv)   within six weeks of the end of the first and the
                   second six months of the calendar year, furnish
                   to BOG semiannual progress reports, in form
                   satisfactory to the Association, which shall
                   include a report on the operation of the Sub-
                   loan accounts and PFI Subsidiary Loan accounts
                   and all other information requested by BOG.
C.    Eligibility Criteria for PFIs
      Any bank or other financial institution operating in Ghana
shall become and remain eligible to be designated by BOG as a PFI if
it shall have satisfied the following criteria during the preceding
twelve month period:
      (a)   in the case of banks:
            (i)    compliance with monetary regulations and banking
Page  11
                   laws and regulations, and membership in the
                   clearing house system of BOG;
           (ii)    compliance with the capital adequacy ratio
                   requirements of BOG; and
          (iii)    favorable rating by BOG, including with respect
                   to (A) applicable liquidity reserve
                   requirements, (B) adequate provisions for bad
                   and doubtful accounts, and (C) audited annual
                   financial statements for its most recent fiscal
                   year certified by independent auditors
                   satisfactory to BOG; and
      (b)   in the case of other financial institutions, compliance
to the satisfaction of BOG and the Association with the principles
set forth in paragraph (a) (iii) above;
      (c)   compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraph 1
of Part B of this Schedule;
      (d)   implementation of financing policies and operating
procedures satisfactory to BOG and the Association, relating, among
other things, to credit policy and to asset review and loan recovery
procedures;
      (e)   technical, financial and administrative capacity for
managing its lending activities, and operating policies, pro-
cedures, organization and staffing for evaluating and supervising
loans, satisfactory to BOG and the Association; and
      (f)   for purposes of any PFI Subsidiary Loan to be made after
December 31, 1994, qualification as a Private Enterprise (except as
the Association may otherwise agree).
D.    Processing Sub-Loan Applications
      BOG shall ensure that PFIs adopt the following procedures when
processing Sub-loan applications for Investment Projects:
      (a)   PFIs shall carry out the appraisal of Investment
Projects in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association, which shall include: (i) a review of the financial and
technical viability of the Investment Project and of the financing
plan, (ii) an assessment of the management capacity of the
Investment Enterprise, and (iii) a determination that the Investment
Project complies with existing policies pertaining to the
environment and is environmentally sound; and
      (b)   PFIs shall determine the eligibility of the Investment
Enterprise and Investment Project for Sub-loan financing under
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
                         SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
Page  12
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    Goods shall be exempted from preshipment price inspection by
a third party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Ghana may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods under Part C of the Project
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for (i) goods under Part A of the
Project, estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or less per
contract, or (ii) goods under Part C of the Project, estimated to
cost the equivalent of $75,000 or less per contract, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Contracts under Part A of the Project (i) for goods estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, or (ii) for
standarized equipment and proprietary items required for
compatability, estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or
less per contract, may be awarded after direct negotiations with
suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for (i) goods under Part A
of the Project estimated to cost the equivalent of more than
$1,000,000, and (ii) goods under Part C of the Project estimated to
cost the equivalent of over $75,000, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of any Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of any
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of any Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
     (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
Page  13
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist BOG in carrying out the Project, BOG shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review or approval requirements shall not apply to the
terms of reference for such contracts nor to the employment of
individuals, to single-source hiring of firms, to assignments of a
critical nature as reasonably determined by the Association, and to
amendments of contracts raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
                  Parts A, B and C of the Project
1.    In carrying out Parts A, B and C of the Project, BOG shall
operate the Export Finance Office under terms of reference, and with
staffing (including their qualifications and experience),
satisfactory to the Association, which terms of reference shall
specify, inter alia, the responsibility of such office for: (a)
supervising execution by the PFIs of their obligations under their
respective Participation Agreements, and (b) providing semiannual
reports to the Association regarding export activity.
2.    In carrying out Part A of the Project, BOG shall operate the
Export Refinance Program under an operational plan satisfactory to
the Association, which shall incorporate the requirements of
Schedules 1 and 2 to this Agreement.
3.    In carrying out Part A of the Project, BOG shall promptly
forward to the Association all audit reports, and all other
documents requested by the Association, to be provided by PFIs
pursuant to the Participation Agreements.
4.    In carrying out Part B of the Project, BOG shall operate the
Export Guarantee Program under an operational plan satisfactory to
the Association which shall provide, inter alia, that:
      (a)   a fund of at least $5,000,000 equivalent be established
to pay claims under the Export Guarantee Program, of which (i) the
Borrower shall provide $1,000,000 equivalent not later than
February 1, 1994, and (ii) BOG shall provide not less than
$4,000,000 equivalent through the prompt deposit of 100% of the
repayments of the principal of PFI Subsidiary Loans;
      (b)   only PFIs shall be eligible for guarantee coverage;
      (c)   guarantee coverage shall only be provided to PFIs for
preshipment loans meeting the eligibility criteria applicable to
Sub-loans;
      (d)   guarantee coverage shall be offered (i) in Dollars for
underlying loans made and denominated in Dollars, or (ii) in Cedis;
      (e)   guarantee coverage shall be provided for a percentage of
the face value of the underlying loan (the coverage percentage) of
Page  14
65% or less;
      (f)   payments under a guarantee for an underlying loan shall
equal the loss multiplied by the coverage percentage, where such
loss shall equal the difference between the face value of such loan
and the amount received (or that will be received) by the PFI in
payment of such loan;
      (g)   the fee to be charged the PFI by BOG for guarantee
coverage shall equal 2% per annum of the face value of such coverage
for the relevant period, but shall under no circumstances be less
than $100 equivalent;
      (h)   repayment to the PFI of 25% of the guarantee fee if no
claim is made under the guarantee;
      (i)   the guarantee shall be coterminous with the relevant
preshipment risk;
      (j)   BOG payments on guarantees shall be made promptly;
      (k)   no exporter shall be permitted to have guarantee
coverage outstanding at any time aggregating more than $125,000
equivalent;
      (l)   no exporter shall be eligible for guarantee coverage if
there shall have been two claims previously paid under the Export
Guarantee Program for loans made to such exporter; and
      (m)   guarantee coverage shall be distributed across export
sectors.
5.    In carrying out Part C of the Project, BOG shall adopt, not
later than October 30 of each year, and thereafter implement a
training program for the subsequent calendar year, including cost
sharing arrangements, satisfactory to the Association.
6.    In carrying out Part C.2 of the Project, BOG shall adopt, not
later than February 28, 1994, an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, for the preparation and distribution of export
guidebooks, and shall complete the preparation and distribution of
guidebooks under such plan not later than July 31, 1994.
7.    In carrying out Part C.3 of the Project, BOG shall adopt and
thereafter implement an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, for the establishment of an international payments
settlement system for banks.
8.    BOG shall carry out the studies under Part C of the Project
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association, and shall
complete, not later than June 30, 1994, the following studies: (a)
a feasibility study regarding the establishment of a forward foreign
exchange market under Part C.4 of the Project, and (b) a feasibility
study regarding establishment and operation of a credit reference
agency under Part C.5 of the Project.
