Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            LOAN NUMBER 2806-0 MOR
                (Industrial Export Finance Project)
                              between
                        KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 27, 1987
                                            LOAN NUMBER 2806-0 MOR
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1987, between KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and National Bank for Economic
Development (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty-eight
million dollars ($28,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
provided in this Agreement;
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's enter-
Page  2
ing into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement,
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of,
and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance
of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in
the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be
inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required for the
carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to
the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower
to be provided with such funds as are needed to meet such
expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. In order to encourage the export of goods
manufactured in the Guarantor's territory, the Guarantor shall
carry out with due diligence and efficiency, and provide or cause
to be provided promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for:
     (a)  a program of actions, agreed between the Guarantor and
the Bank designed to: (i) improve the systems of (A) taxation of
goods used in the manufacture of exports and (B) export financing
and guarantees; and (ii) improve the organization, management and
operations of the Guarantor's agencies responsible for export
promotion and international trade matters; and
     (b)  (i) studies, under terms of reference agreed between the
Guarantor and the Bank, to identify, evaluate and recommend
measures for improving export performance in the industrial
sector; and (ii) action plans, agreed between the Guarantor and
the Bank, for the implementation of the recommendations based on
said studies.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor shall at all times maintain
with the Borrower arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, to
protect the Borrower against the risk of foreign exchange losses.
Page  3
     (b)  Further to, and without limitation on, the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Guarantor shall take all action
necessary to ensure that:
        (i)    the balance of all foreign exchange losses due and
               payable by the Guarantor to the Borrower pursuant
               to the Foreign Exchange Risk Coverage Letter as at
               December 31, 1986 shall be paid to the Borrower in
               accordance with a schedule satisfactory to the
               Bank; and
       (ii)    all foreign exchange losses, other than those
               referred to in sub-paragraph (i) of this paragraph,
               payable by the Guarantor to the Borrower pursuant
               to the Foreign Exchange Risk Coverage Letter shall
               be paid to the Borrower within six months after the
               date of incurrence of each such loss.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section, "foreign exchange losses"
means losses incurred by the Borrower resulting from changes in
the rates of exchange between currencies (including Dirhams) used
in the Borrower's lending and borrowing operations under the
Project.
     Section 3.03.  Further to and without limitation upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor shall
take all action necessary to enable:
     (a)  the Borrower to open and maintain accounts in such
foreign currencies and on such terms and conditions as shall be
necessary for the Borrower to comply with the provisions of the
Loan Agreement; and
     (b)  each Exporter to obtain such foreign currencies as shall
be necessary for it to comply with its obligations referred to in
Part B (6) of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.04. (a) The Guarantor shall take all action
necessary to ensure that:
          (i)   the balance of all amounts due and payable by the
                Guarantor to the Borrower as at December 31, 1986
                under CCG Guarantees, or payable by public
                enterprises as at said date under loans made by
                the Borrower thereto, shall be paid to the
                Borrower in accordance with a schedule
                satisfactory to the Bank; and
          (ii)  all amounts other than those referred to in sub-
                paragraph (i) of this paragraph, which shall
                become due and payable from time to time by the
                Guarantor under CCG Guarantees or by public
                enterprises under loans made by the Borrower
                thereto, shall be paid to the Borrower promptly in
                accordance with the terms of said CCG Guarantees
                or loans, as the case may be.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   "CCG Guarantees" means all unconditional
                guarantees made by the Guarantor's Central
                Guarantee Fund (Caisse Centrale de Garantie) in
                favor of the Borrower in respect of loans made by
                the Borrower; and
          (ii)  "public enterprises" means all enterprises of
                which at least 50% of the outstanding voting stock
                or other proprietary interest is owned or
                effectively controlled by the Guarantor or by any
                of its political or administrative subdivisions.
Page  4
                            ARTICLE IV
             Representative of the Guarantor; Address
     Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Ministry of Finance
          Rabat
          Kingdom of Morocco
          Cable address:                    Telex:
              MINISTERE FINANCES                31936 M
              Rabat, Morocco
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                    Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                        440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.                 248423 (RCA) or
                                                64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                     KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                     By /s/ M. Bargach
                                         Authorized Representative
                     INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                     By /s/ K. Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
