Report No. PID8539
Project Name                     Colombia-Public Financial Management Project II
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Public Financial Management; Institutional
Development; Other Public Sector Management
Project ID                       COPE40109
Borrower(s)                      GOV'T OF COLOMBIA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF FINANCE
Ministry of Finance and Public Credit
Santafe de Bogota, Colombia
Contact Person: Mr. Federico Renjifo,
Vice Minister
Tel: 571-350-1204/1205
Fax: 571 209 6242, 286-4156
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                February 8, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         October 20, 2000
Projected Board Date             March 23, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
I.  Macroeconomic IssuesMacro-Economic Performance:     Following the
sharpest recession in its history, the Colombian economy has recently
begun to show signs of recuperation, with GDP growing at an estimated 3t
(annualized) in 2000, a balanced current account, and a fiscal deficit
that has been reduced by about one third, to 3.6 percent of GDP. Economic
performance had deteriorated sharply in the late 1990s, affecting nearly
all areas of the economy: (i) GDP fell by an unprecedented 4.3w in 1999;
(ii) the fiscal accounts of the non-financial public sector, which were
roughly balanced in the early 1990s, showed a deficit of 4.5 percent of
GDP in 1998, which rose to 6.3w percent of GDP in 1999; and (iii) the
current account of the balance of payments reached a deficit of 5.7
percent of GDP in 1998, although it fell to 1.1 percent of GDP in 1999 as
a result of a sharp decline in imports and an increase in oil revenues.
Economic decline has been accompanied by a steep rise in unemployment,
which in urban areas now stands at about 20 percent. Restoring medium
term fiscal sustainability is essential if Colombia's efforts at poverty
reduction and more rapid and sustainable medium-term growth are to be
realized. It is also crucial for nursing a fragile financial sector back
to health.In addition to a deteriorating domestic economy, Colombia's
external environment also worsened substantially throughout 1998 and into
1999. The country was hit by severe shocks: (i) a trade shock in 1998 due
to the drop in oil and coffee prices, estimated at 1.5 percent of GDP; and
(ii) events in international credit markets which increased the cost of
borrowing and decreased the availability of external finance for both the
public and private sectors. With the virtual closing of international
credit markets to developing economies and the skyrocketing cost of
external credit, Colombian authorities had to turn to the domestic market
to finance a growing deficit, putting pressure on domestic interest rates



that resulted in a marked increase in the debt burden of the private
sector. Repeated pressure against the peso trading band ensued, causing
the Central Bank to initially react by further increasing interest rates,
followed by a devaluation of the peso. Pressure on the currency
continued, however, leading to the eventual abandonment of the trading
band for the peso and the floating of the currency.Although general
external conditions have improved, due to the heightened internal conflict
in the country, the deep recession highlighting structural problems of the
Colombian economy and the removal of Colombia's investment-grade status by
three major credit rating companies, external financing has become
increasingly limited and costly.    Table land Table 2 provide the fiscal
accounts of the Combined Public Sector and the Central Administration,
respectively from 1996 to 2002.Government Strategy: The Government has
made reducing the fiscal deficit one of its key macroeconomic objectives.
During the first year of its administration, the present Government took
several measures to enhance revenues and reduce expenditures, including
instituting measures to fight tax evasion and smuggling, increasing
gasoline surcharges, and widening the VAT base and improving tax
collection. However, due to the outlays needed to rebuild the areas
affected by a devastating earthquake that hit the country in January 1999,
shore-up an ailing financial sector, and fund additional relief to
mortgage holders, the deficit continued its increase in 1999 to 6.3w of
GDP. In order to consolidate its stabilization program, the Government,
towards the end of 1999, requested a three-year Extended Fund Facility
from the IMF, aimed at supporting its efforts to restore growth, further
reduce inflation and achieve a sustainable external position. The
stabilization program calls for a sharp reduction of the Non-financial
Public Sector deficit to 3.6w of GDP in 2000 and to 2.6w in 2001, and is
underpinned by strong tax enforcement, better management of resources
under the fiscal decentralization system and economic recovery. The
restructuring of the financial sector is another of the Government's major
objectives, and a number of measures have been taken to help re-capitalize
viable private entities, restructure public banks and restore their
solvency in preparation for their divestment, and to alleviate the debt
burden of mortgage holders.The success of the fiscal policy initiatives
mentioned above depends, to a considerable extent, on the ability of the
public sector entities, engaged in revenue administration and public
expenditure management at the national level, to translate the policy into
results. These are the focus of this project.Table 1 : Combined Public
Sector (t of GDP)1996199719981999(1)2000(2)2001(2)2002(2)Total
Revenue27.027.426.527.628.828.527.4       Tax
Revenue3l6.817.717.317.017.519.419.3       Non-tax
RevenuelO.19.89.110.611.39.18.lTotal Expenditure & Net
Lending29.731.031.133.632.331.128.9      Current
Expenditure2O.821.623.024.624.823.522.9          Wages and
Salaries6.66.77.07.87.67.46.5          Goods and
Services3.53.73.43.73.53.12.9          Interest2.72.63.33.84.44.44.1
Transfers and Other8.08.69.39.49.38.69.3      Capital
Expenditure8.99.58.18.87.57.66.0     Net
LendingO.00.00.00.10.00.00.ONon-financial Public Sector
Balance-2.9-3.5-4.5-6.3-3.6-2.6-1.5Table 2:    Central Administration (t of
GDP)1996199719981999(1)2000(2)2001(2)2002(2)Total
Revenuell.812.611.812.113.214.513.8      Tax
Revenue3lO.110.810.410.111.313.112.4          Tax on Income and
Profits3.84.44.34.34.65.34.6         Taxes on Goods and
-2 -



Services5.35.34.94.95.05.76.1             Value Added
Tax4.74.84.54.44.65.25.3             Gasoline
TaxO.60.50.50.50.50.50.9         Taxes on International
TradeO.91.01.20.91.01.21.0         Financial Transactions
TaxO.00.00.00.00.60.80.6         Stamp Duty and other
Taxes0.00.10.00.00.10.00.0    Non-tax Revenue and
Transfersl.71.81.42.01.91.41.5Total Expenditure & Net
Lendingl6.715.917.819.619.118.817.9     Current
Expenditurell.912.214.215.116.115.314.2         Wages and
Salaries2.52.52.72.93.13.02.4         Goods and
Servicesl.31.61.41.41.41.11.2         Interestl.11.21.92.12.73.12.8
Transfers and Other7.06.98.38.78.98.17.8     Capital
Expenditure4.43.63.44.02.53.13.7     Net LendingO.40.20.20.60.50.40.0
Overall Balance-4.9-3.4-6.0-7.5-5.9-4.3-4.OSources: Ministry of Finance
and Public Credit, Banco de la Repulica and IMF Staff estimates.1.
Preliminary; 2. Projected; 3. Excludes proceeds of the financial
transaction tax in 1999 from revenue and expenditure.Note: Some totals may
not add up due to statistical discrepancies or rounding off.II. Revenue
Administration IssuesRevenue administration is the responsibility the
DIAN, which collects Income Tax, VAT, Customs Duty, Transactions Tax and
Stamp Duty. It also monitors foreign exchange transactions. The total
revenue collected in 1999 was 15,554 billion Pesos, which amounted to
10.1w of GDP.   Trends in tax collection from 1996 to 1999 show that total
tax revenues at the central level have fluctuated between 10.1w to 10.8w
of GDP.   Tax revenues as projected to increase to 12.4w by 2002.    The
DIAN manages about 1,040,000 taxpayers and processes approximately 3.85
million tax and customs declarations annually. It has eight Regional
Directorates and forty three local offices. There are also four Special
Administrations: Large Tax Payers Administration, Bogota, Legal Entities
Administration, Bogota, Customs Directorate, Bogota, and Eldorado Airport,
Bogota. The staff strength is about 6,800.Since 1994, with the assistance
of the Bank's Public Financial Management Project (PFMP), the GTZ and the
IDB, the DIAN has undertaken significant capacity building initiatives.
These are summarized in Annex 2. Institutional and organizational
deficiencies that still need to be addressed are discussed below.(i)
Organization and Management: While major efforts have been made to
strengthen the organization and management of the DIAN in the last ten
years, many weaknesses remain. There is a history of instability at top
management levels, with ripple effects down the line. Accountability
systems do not fully match the high degree of autonomy enjoyed by the
DIAN. Formal planning, budgeting, evaluation and monitoring systems
exist, but there is a need to increase their credibility and
effectiveness. Communication, coordination, control and supervision
mechanisms need improvement. The remuneration structure has become
non-competitive with the private sector, affecting DIAN's ability to
recruit and retain staff with appropriate skills. This poses a
particularly severe problem in the context of the introduction of
sophisticated information systems that require higher level technical
skills. The administrative career is too rigid and promotion avenues are
limited, causing frustration amongst staff.    Recently improvements have
been made in the design of the administrative career to strengthen the
link between promotion and professional qualifications. However,
institutional arrangements for the transparent implementation of the new
system are yet to be implemented. Business processes need to be
streamlined to increase operational efficiency and reduce the risk of
- 3 -



corruption. Internal control and anti-corruption systems are still weak.
There is a need to develop a corporate information management strategy and
improve the capacity of the central Informatics Unit, to manage, maintain,
safeguard and continually update the information infrastructure. Also,
management of notifications, correspondence and paper records requires
improvement. Relationships with external actors, such as the legislature,
the judiciary, the Prosecutor General, commercial banks collecting taxes,
taxpayers, business, industry and professional associations, other
government departments and foreign tax administrations, need to be
strengthened to increase the DIAN's ability to enhance the positive effect
of environmental influences on its performance and reduce their negative
impact. Finally, considerable management training is required at
different levels of the organization.(ii) Voluntary Compliance:The DIAN
has made serious efforts to facilitate voluntary compliance. There is,
however, a need to extend some of the recent initiatives and intensify
efforts to create tax compliance culture.    The system for electronic
filing of tax returns, introduced in 1999, needs to be expanded to cover
medium and small taxpayers. Also, the functionality of the system has to
be enhanced to provide additional electronic services, such as payment of
taxes and submission of claims for tax refunds. To further reduce
compliance costs, integrated taxpayer assistance units, dealing with both
tax and customs matters, need to be established. The Office of the
Taxpayer Ombudsman, created recently needs to be made operational to
provide quick redress to taxpayers' problems. The quality of taxpayer
education materials and interactive tools requires to be enhanced.
Complementing these efforts to raise compliance in the near term, a longer
term initiative to build a stronger social consensus in favor of tax
compliance needs to be undertaken, by reaching out to future taxpayers
while they are still in schools and colleges. (iii) Routine Processing of
Tax Declarations and Payments:While the DIAN now possesses a complete
suite of systems to manage tax declarations and payment information, some
of the older systems, namely the Unique Taxpayer Register and the system
for accounting of tax and customs receipts need to be updated.     Also, a
second generation version of the system for control of refunds and credits
needs to be developed to enhance its functionality.     Finally, a system
for assessing taxes payable by small and medium taxpayers, covered under a
special tax regime, is required. (iv) Routine Processing of Cargo, Customs
Declarations and Payments: The routine processing of cargo, customs
declarations and payments has various deficiencies. Although a new
system for processing customs declaration (COMEX) has been commissioned on
a pilot basis, as yet, it covers only regular import transactions.
Additional modules to deal with imports under special regimes, goods in
transit and exports are yet to be developed. Thereafter, the system needs
to be extended to other customs locations in the country. Due to a lack
of a national level communication network for transfer of customs
information, there are significant delays in transmission of data
regarding customs operations between border posts and head quarters and
amongst border posts. Further, most customs declaration processing
stations are not linked electronically to ports, warehouses and banks.
This creates discontinuities in information flows related to different
stages of cargo processing, causing control weakness. The process of
valuation and classification of the goods and assessment of customs duties
needs significant improvements. The physical infrastructure at customs
posts, including weigh-bridges and closed circuit TV systems, requires
enhancement. Also, customs facilities need to be reconfigured to minimize
- 4 -



the interaction between customs staff and clients, which increases the
risk of corruption. Finally, the monitoring and control of private bonded
warehouses is weak. (v) Enforcement: The external environment of the
DIAN has become very difficult. The opening up of the economy has
increased the complexity of business transactions that need to be dealt
with, while creating additional avenues for tax evasion. Taxpayers and
customs users have become more sophisticated. The narcotics trade has
also contributed to the growth of the informal sector. Even though the
performance of the DIAN in tackling tax evasion shows steady improvement
in recent years, enforcement continues to be a relatively weak area.
There are various reasons for this. The DIAN receives voluminous tax
related information from third parties. However, there are major
deficiencies in the classification, dissemination and effective use of
this information. A system to improve management of external information
relating to taxes is under development. This needs to be extended to
cover information relating to customs and foreign exchange violations.
The DIAN does not have adequate systems and organizational arrangements to
collect covert intelligence about tax evasion and smuggling. While the
new system for selection of cases for tax audit (SICAT), developed under
the PFMP, has shown encouraging results, its functionality and risk
analysis capacity needs to be enhanced.    Similar improvements are needed
in the system for selection of customs cases for audit (SIFARO). The
monitoring and evaluation of audit performance are weak. There is
inadequate follow up of cases in the post-audit stages, such as
objections, appeals and payment of additional tax liabilities. As a
result, a high proportion of cases (40.2w in 1997) are decided against the
DIAN leading to a major reduction in assessed tax liabilities (53.29 or
149,330 million pesos in 1997) Source: Colombia: Medidas para Aumentar
las Eficacia de la Administraci6n de Impuestos, Marzol998, IMF.     There is
inadequate coordination between the audit (Fiscalizaci6n), assessment
(Liquidaci6n) and legal (Juridicas) branches of the DIAN.    Second order
improvements in the functionality of the tax recovery system (SIPAC) and
the system for monitoring filing of returns and payment of taxes need to
be done.   Lastly, as the final outcome of enforcement actions depends on
decisions at the appellate stage, the DIAN's capacity to effectively
represent cases before appellate authorities needs to be strengthened.(vi)
Policy and Legal Framework of Revenue AdministrationSince 1990 there have
been five Tax Reforms (Law 49 of 1990, Law 6 of 1992, Law 223 of 1995, Law
383 of 1997 and Law 488 of 1998). In addition, in 1995, through Law 218
of 1995 a series of income tax exemptions were granted to attract
investment to a region affected by natural disaster. A new Customs
Statute was decreed in 1999 and became effective in July 2000. A new tax
reform package was passed by Congress in 2000. These tax reforms have
mainly focused on increasing tax collections through widening of the tax
base, levying temporary surcharges and encouraging the declaration of
concealed transactions and income. They have also sought to modify the
powers of the DIAN as well as administrative procedures, to facilitate
compliance and enforcement. The frequent amendments to the tax laws have,
however, increased their complexity. Also, the concessions granted to
encourage disclosure of past tax evasion have had the unintended effect of
discouraging voluntary compliance by building expectations of more such
concessions in the future. In addition, weaknesses continue to exist in
certain procedural and enforcement provisions of the tax and customs
statutes. There is, thus, a need to carry out a systematic review of the
tax structure and tax laws with a view to optimizing the tax burden,
- 5 -



reducing distortions, lowering compliance costs by simplifying procedures,
and strengthening enforcement. The costs and benefits of measures to
induce declaration of evaded taxes also need to be properly
evaluated.Government Strategy:    The government is seeking to support the
modernization of the DIAN through a multi-pronged strategy. On the
legislative side, Law 488 of 1998 was passed to increase revenue
collections and make major organizational changes in the DIAN. In 1998,
the government agreed with the IDB on the implementation of an Action Plan
to reform tax and customs administration, in the context of structural
adjustment loan: Programa Inter-Americano de Reforma de las Finanzas
Publicas (Loan No. 1166-OC-CO). Budgetary allocations amounting to a
total of about US$12 million, spread over 4 years, are being made to the
DIAN for the purpose of implementation of the Action Plan.     Meanwhile,
the government has continued to support modernization of the DIAN through
the PFMP. It is relying on the PFMP-II to carry the process further.
III.    Public Expenditure Management IssuesDuring the last decade,
various steps have been taken strengthen public expenditure management.
Extensive assistance to improve the institutional capacity of the Ministry
of Finance and Public Credit (Ministerio de Hacienda and CrSdito Publico -
MHCP); the National Planning Department (Departamento Nacional de
Planeaci6n - DNP); the Office of the National Accountant General
(Contador General de la Naci6n) and the Comptroller General of the
Republic (ContralorUa General de la Republica - CGR) in this areas was
also provided by PFMP as discussed in Annex 2. As in the case of revenue
administration, however, the process of institutional strengthening in
public expenditure management also needs to be continued, so as to
complete some of the reforms initiated by the PFMP and to deal with other
weaknesses that were not covered by that project. The main areas
requiring attention are the following:(i) Macro-programming, Formulation
and Monitoring of the Budget:The following deficiencies continue to reduce
the effectiveness of the processes of macro-programming and budget
formulation: There is a lack of clarity about the role of national,
regional and local governments. In many cases, ministries and agencies at
the central level continue to perform, and budget for, functions that have
been devolved to local and state authorities. There is also a need to
clarify the roles and responsibilities of entities at the central
government level that participate in different stages of expenditure
management, i.e. the MHCP, DNP, CGR, CGN and the sector ministries. For
instance, the DNP spends a considerable amount of its time on technical
and financial evaluation of programs and projects proposed by sector
ministries because the ministries do not provide it with the results of
such evaluations. Also, agencies monitoring public spending impose
multiple reporting requirements on line agencies, often calling for the
same information. Besides increasing the compliance overload of the
agencies, this leads to proliferation of mutually inconsistent information
that affects the quality of programming and budgeting decisions. In
recent years, there has been constant pressure to increase public
expenditures. Many factors have contributed to this trend, including
decentralization, the need to improve income distribution, efforts to
enhance the credibility and legitimacy of the state, increased involvement
of citizens in public decision making and an aversion amongst politicians
to saying no. Thus, in the last decade, fiscal results of the central
government have changed from a surplus of 0.5t of GDP in 1990, to an
estimated deficit of 6.3w of GDP in 1999. Total gross public expenditure
for all programs increased from 24t of GDP in 1990 to 31t in 1998.    Partly
- 6 -



due to political incentives and partly due to deficiencies in tools to
accurately forecast economic trends, revenues and expenditures, there is a
tendency to overestimate revenues and underestimate costs. The consequent
relaxation of the budget constraint allows low priority programs and
projects to be included in the budget. The situation is worsened by the
inadequacy of systems to evaluate programs and projects and by
deficiencies in the capacity of the sector ministries to carry out such
evaluations effectively. The MHCP and DNP also suffer from lack of
reliable information about per unit cost of inputs and outputs of
different sectors. This affects their ability to properly evaluate budget
requests. As a result of unrealistic budget estimates as well as
macro-economic shocks, the government has been unable to execute a
significant portion of budgeted expenditures due to non-availability of
resources. Until recently, unexecuted spending commitments and unpaid
bills were rolled over to the following year and were financed out of that
year's revenues. Such rollovers have the effect of reducing the
government's ability to properly match public expenditures to strategic
priorities of a particular year. The problem is particularly felt at the
time of change of government. For a significant part of its term an
incoming government continues to spend money based on the priorities of
the previous one.   Fiscal arrears have more than doubled from 1.0% of GDP
in 1990 to 2.6 % in 1998 and are a major concern of the current
government. To begin to tackle this problem, the budget law of 2000
provides that commitments carried over to the next year be subtracted from
the budget appropriations of the concerned entity for that
year.Constitutionally mandated transfers to territorial entities have
increased from 29% of total revenues in 1990 to 42.9% in 1998.    These are
targeted to increase to 46.5% in 2000. Mineral royalties are also
earmarked. These entitlements, when combined with mandatory expenditures
on salaries and debt service, cover close to 90% of the national budget.
As a result, the degrees of freedom available to the Central government to
implement its policy priorities through changes in expenditure patterns
are extremely limited.The DNP is in charge of formulation of the National
Development Plan and the budget for capital expenditures. The MHCP is
responsible for the preparing the recurrent budget. This division of
responsibilities has led to problems in integration of investment and
recurrent expenditures, although, recently, efforts have been made to
improve coordination between these two entities as well as with the CGR,
through an inter-institutional agreement.The norms for formulation and
execution of the budget need to be consolidated and streamlined. (ii)
Budget Execution, Treasury, Public Credit and Accounting:Current
deficiencies in the field of budget execution, treasury, public credit and
accounting are the following:As mentioned above, when actual revenue
collections do not come up to expectations, the government has to
frequently resort to cash-flow driven cuts in expenditure. In effecting
these cuts, it suffers from the same information deficiencies that affect
decisions at the planning and budget formulation stage. As such, budget
cuts are often made in an arbitrary manner without full knowledge of their
economic costs. The Integrated Financial Management Information System
(SIIF) developed with the assistance of the PFMP needs to be extended to
the regional offices of central government entities. The functionality of
the system needs to be enhanced based on user feedback. Also, to increase
the coverage of the budget by the system, a modified version of the system
needs to be developed for implementation in decentralized entities that
receive funds from the national budget. Further, in order to eliminate
- 7-



the proliferation of accounting systems used by different projects funded
by external donors and increase control over funds executed by these
projects, a new module of the SIIF needs to be developed that would allow
both the execution of project funds through the system as also compliance
with reporting requirements of donors. The Treasury manages various
investment portfolios. However, its current portfolio management system
is inadequate and needs to enhanced to improve control of investment
transactions and optimize returns on investment. The debt management
system of the Directorate of Public Credit (DPC) also needs to be
replaced. While the system has adequate information about external debt,
it suffers from various deficiencies, including the inability to connect
with the SIIF and the lack of the functionality to allow debt service and
cash flow projections.In the area of accounting, there is a need to
improve the quality of accounting information generated by public
entities, especially those not covered by the SIIF; strengthen the
information systems of the Office of the CGN to improve its capacity to
consolidate accounting information pertaining to the national,
decentralized, and territorial levels; and provide additional training to
public officials in the evolving accounting norms and practices.(iii)
Evaluation of Results of Public Expenditure:Colombia has pioneered a
comprehensive National System for Evaluation of Results of Public Sector
Performance (SINERGIA) to institutionalize systematic evaluation of
government policies, programs, projects and entities. While considerable
progress has been made, given the major paradigm shift being pursued, not
surprisingly, progress has been slow. The uncertainty of budgeted funds
remains a major impediment in enforcing compliance with agreed performance
targets. Further, performance is still not linked to specific incentives
or penalties. The current version of the information system supporting
SINERGIA also needs to be improved. At present it monitors performance
only with respect to investment expenditures. It needs to be extended to
cover recurrent expenditures as well. Further, the system needs to be
extended to public enterprises and territorial entities. There is also a
need to systematically analyze incentives faced by public sector managers
in executing the budget, so as to develop insights that would help modify
the incentive system in a manner that would promote achievement of
organizational objectives. In addition, it is important to improve the
dissemination of the objectives, performance evaluation and budgetary
results of public entities to civil society and the public, to improve
transparency and accountability.(iv) Government Procurement and
Contracting: One of the areas that was not included in the PFMP, but has a
major impact on the results of public expenditure is government
procurement and contracting. A draft Country Procurement Assessment
Report (CPAR) dated September 2000 highlights the strengths and weaknesses
of the Colombian legal and administrative public procurement framework and
makes specific comments to improve it. There is a wide consensus that
procurement and contracting activities need to be made more transparent
and efficient. The legal framework, consisting of Law 80 of 1993 and
around 80 regulatory decrees and other laws, over-regulates public
procurement and has introduced opportunities for corruption.
Over-regulation and the high concern with corruption has in turn led to an
environment of mutual distrust between the government and those doing
business with it. There is a lack of institutional leadership in the area
that makes it difficult to develop and improve the public procurement
framework on an ongoing basis. Also, there is no system to monitor and
evaluate procurement practices. Finally, the government is yet to develop
- 8 -



a capacity for disseminating procurement opportunities, bidding documents
and contract awards to the public via the internet, or to carry out
procurement transactions on-line. Before the CPAR was completed the
Government submit to Congress a bill amending Law 80. The proposed bill
would, however, benefit from further improvements, which the Government is
inclined to make. The DNP is promoting a series of meetings with the
parties concerned to review the bill and propose changes.Government
Strategy: The government is taking various steps, in addition to those
mentioned above to improve public expenditure management. A number of
major reforms have been undertaken including a Fiscal Responsibility Law
to reduce the level recurrent expenditures at the local and departmental
level,   a bill to amend the constitution to freeze, in real per capita
terms, future transfers to local governments, and a law authorizing
lottery and gaming activities to contribute resources to pension and
health insurance funds. In addition, the Government plans to submit to
Congress legislation which aims to complete the reform of social security,
including the elimination of several special regimes and an increase in
the retirement age. With regard to public procurement, as mentioned
before, the government has presented proposals for amendment of Law 80 to
improve procurement and is considering other actions to improve it. At
the operational level, the government proposes to use the resources
provided by this project, to continue improvements in national public
expenditure management and deal with the capacity deficiencies discussed
above. For strengthening financial management capacity at the territorial
level, the government is being assisted by the IDB.
2. Objectives
a. Strengthen the institutional capacity of the Direcci6n de Impuestos y
Aduanas Nacionales (Directorate of National Taxes and Customs- DIAN) to
foster voluntary compliance; collect revenues efficiently, effectively and
equitably; and combat tax evasion and smuggling so as to enable it to
mobilize adequate tax revenues to finance public expenditures. b.
Strengthen public expenditure management at the central government level,
to facilitate achievement of fiscal and national development objectives,
improve cost effectiveness of public services, and increase transparency
and accountability.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The Bank has been actively involved in supporting public financial
management reforms in Colombia for the last six years. In the process it
has acquired considerable country specific knowledge of the issues that
need to be dealt with. This, coupled with the its international and
regional experience in similar projects, would help the Bank provide high
quality assistance to the Borrower, enabling it to consolidate the reforms
initiated by the PFMP and dealing with deficiencies that remain to be
addressed. Also, as has been the experience with the PFMP, as a
disinterested party focused on achieving the development objectives of the
project, the Bank would be able to help overcome inter-institutional
boundaries and catalyze cooperation between different counterpart agencies
in areas that require concerted action.
4. Description
The project would provide consulting services, training and goods to
support activities under three components: Revenue Administration, Public
Expenditure Management and Project Managementa.     Revenue Administration:
- 9-



US$36.02 millionSub-component 1: Strengthening Organization and Management
of the DIAN: $13.64 million: This sub-component would support a range of
activities aimed at strengthening critical areas of the organization and
management of the DIAN, including strategic planning and management,
personnel management and professional development, prevention and control
of corruption, information management, management of notifications,
official correspondence and archives, and change management.Sub-component
2: Facilitating Voluntary Compliance: $6.50 million: This sub-component
would help promote voluntary compliance by supporting the setting up of
Integrated Taxpayers Education and Assistance Centers; training external
stakeholders in tax and customs policy and procedures; expanding the reach
and scope of electronic interaction between the DIAN and its clients;
making the Office of the Taxpayer Ombudsman fully operational; and
fostering a tax compliance cultureSub-component 3: Improving the
Effectiveness of the DIAN in Managing Routine Processing of Tax
Declarations and Payments: $ 1.23 million: This sub-component would
assist in increasing the efficiency and productivity of routine tax
administration operations by supporting the updating and enhancement of
systems for registration of taxpayers, accounting of revenue collections
and control of refunds and credits. It would also help develop and
implement a system for assessment of small and medium enterprises covered
under a special tax regime.Sub-component 4: Improving the Effectiveness
of the DIAN in Managing Routine Processing of Cargo, Customs Declarations
and Payments: $9.61 million: This sub-component would support the
improvement of routine customs operations, such as cargo processing,
processing of customs declarations and payments, release of merchandise,
monitoring and control of warehouses and sale of confiscated goods. It
would also assist in enhancing the taxpayer current account to include
customs transactions.Sub-component 5: Strengthening the Capacity of the
DIAN in Enforcement Operations: $ 4.57 million. This sub-component would
support the building up of the enforcement capacity of the DIAN by
strengthening economic studies, management of external information,
intelligence operations, risk analysis, audits, investigation and
inspections, monitoring of filing of declarations and payments, control of
VAT invoices, recovery of tax arrears and legal and appellate
functions.Sub-component 6: Improving Policy and Legal Framework of
Revenue Administration: $0.45 million: This sub-component would support
the review and revision of tax and customs policy, laws and regulations,
and strengthen the ability of the DIAN to participate in international tax
and customs treaty negotiations.b. Public Expenditure Management : US$
18.51 million   Sub-component 1:   Improving Macro-programming and
Formulation and Monitoring of the Budget: $6.09 million: This
sub-component would (a) assist in clarifying and adjusting the roles and
responsibilities of different entities that participate in the
programming, budgeting, execution and evaluation of public expenditures;
(b) develop, enhance and implement models and information for (i) medium
term and long term macro-economic projections and simulations, (ii)
evaluation of expenditure and revenue policies to assist in decisions
regarding reforms in the fiscal structure, (iii) generation of
consolidated economic, fiscal and budgetary accounts of the public sector,
(iv) classification of budget execution information contained in the SIIF
according to economic categories, and (v) monitoring of public sector
finances, to improve macro-programming; (c) develop, improve and implement
methodologies and systems for (i) analysis of budget programming, (ii)
quantification of expenditures earmarked by different laws and development
- 10 -



of options for reforms aimed at reducing earmarking, (ii) projection of
revenues, with interfaces with information systems of the DIAN, (iv)
calculation of unit costs of inputs and outputs, initially for the
Transport Sector and the Judicial Branch and, subsequently, for the
Education and Health Sectors, (v) formulation and monitoring of the
investment budget of the central government (vi) analysis of public
policies, programs and projects, (vii) projection of cash flows of the
non-financial public sector, and (vii) financial monitoring of the budget;
(d) improve interfaces between the information systems of the Budget
Directorate of the MHCP and those of the sector ministries, to improve
budget formulation and monitoring; and (e) implement existing
inter-institutional agreements between the MHCP, DNP and CGR to reduce the
costs of monitoring of budgetary expenditures, by identifying shared
information needs, eliminating duplicate reports, establishing primary
sources of information and developing systems to provide access to these
sources.Sub-component 2: Strengthening of Budget Execution, Treasury,
Public Credit and Accounting: $9.70 million: This sub-component would
provide assistance to (a) extend and enhance the Integrated Financial
Management System (Sistema Integrada de Informaci6n Financiera - SIIF) by
(i) implementing it in 145 regional offices of central government
entities; (ii) developing a modified version of the system for
decentralized entities partially funded by the central budget and
implementing the system in 11 major entities that spend about 12% of the
national budget; (iii) enhancing the functionality of the system in
accordance with user feedback and increasing its capacity to include
additional users; and (iv) developing a module of the system to allow
execution and accounting of externally funded projects through the system;
(b) develop and implement a system to improve the capacity of the Treasury
to better manage its investment portfolios; (c) develop and implement a
new system for management of the public debt portfolio; and (d) improve
the quality of accounting information in public entities by (i) enhancing
mechanisms for the registration and reconciliation of accounting records
covering income, debt transactions, expenditures and physical assets; (ii)
supporting dissemination, advisory services and training to improve
accounting practices; and (iii) strengthening the information systems of
the Office of the Accountant General of the Nation, to capture and
integrate accounting information at the national, decentralized, and
territorial levels. Sub-component 3: Improving the Evaluation of Results
of Public Expenditure: $ 0.73 million: This sub-component would (a)
support the enhancement the National System for Evaluation of Results of
Public Sector Performance (SINERGIA) by (i) expanding the project
evaluation module to include recurrent expenditures in the evaluation
process, (ii) developing new modules for strategic evaluations of
different sectors and evaluation of performance of territorial and
decentralized entities; (iii) developing a table of incentives linked to
evaluation of results and implementing the incentives in two pilot
sectors, namely Transport and Mines and Energy; and (iv) developing a
methodology for identification of inputs and outputs of different sectors
to establish efficiency standards for each sector; and (b) design and
implement dissemination strategies to provide information to the public on
performance targets for different policies, programs, projects and public
sector entities, evaluation of the actual results achieved and the amount
of money spent in the process, with a view to increase the transparency of
public sector operations.Sub-component 4 : Strengthening Public
Procurement and Contracting: $ 1.99 million:This sub-component would
- 11 -



provide assistance to (a) develop legislation and regulations to support
modifications to the Procurement and Contracting Law (Law 80) with a view
to improve the legal framework for public procurement; (b) design and
implement institutional arrangements, including the possibility of
establishing a national body, for developing and regulating public
procurement and contracting policy; standardizing and disseminating
procedures, bidding documents and contracts; and assisting central and
territorial entities in procurement and contracting matters on an ongoing
basis; (c) develop and implement a system for monitoring and evaluation of
procurement and contracting practices in the public sector, piloting the
system in two central level entities, one decentralized entity and two
territorial entities; (d) design and implement an internet based public
procurement information system aimed at disseminating all information
regarding procurement notices, bidding documents and contract awards to
interested parties and the public, thereby setting the basis for online
public procurement; and (e) carrying out a survey to determine procurement
training needs and developing a pedagogical system aimed at providing
public sector personnel with learning tools relating to the conceptual,
technical, legal and procedural aspects of public procurement and
contracting.c.     Project Management:   $ 4.57millionThis component will
finance consulting services, equipment and training for the staff of the
two Project Management Units, one at the MHCP and the other at the DNP;
communication of project objectives and activities to stakeholder; and
surveys to collect data on key performance indicators and obtain
stakeholder feedback.
A. Revenue Administration
Public Expenditure Management
Project Management
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost 58.88
6. Implementation
A. Project Management: The project management arrangements will broadly
follow the arrangements that have been successfully employed for the
ongoing Public Financial Management Project (PFMP). Project activities
will be divided into two clusters. Cluster 1, covering activities related
to the MHCP, DIAN and CGN will be managed by Project Management Unit -
MHCP (PMU-MHP) and cluster 2, covering activities related to the DNP, will
be managed by Project Management Unit - DNP (PMU-DNP). A Coordinator
General will oversee the activities of both the PMUs and ensure that the
overall objectives of the project are met, inter-dependent activities are
properly coordinated across organizational boundaries and fiduciary
safeguards are adhered to. PMU-MHCP will consist of the following staff:
n Technical Coordinator- DIAN, responsible for executing activities
related to revenue administration, in close coordination with the
management and staff of the DIAN.fn Technical Coordinator - Public
Expenditure Management, responsible for executing activities pertaining to
expenditure management in collaboration with the management and staff of
the MHCP and CGN.fn Technical Coordinator - SIIF, responsible for the
enhancement and expansion of the SIIF. He will work closely with the
Technical Coordinator - Public Expenditure Management.n Project
Administrator, responsible for developing the Annual Operational Program
(Programa Operativo Anual - POA); managing procurement, accounting,
- 12 -



financial reporting, disbursements, audits and project reporting.n
Procurement Team consisting of a Procurement Officer and an Informatics
Specialist, responsible for carrying out the selection and recruitment of
consultants and the procurement of goods and other services required for
the project in accordance with the relevant Bank Guidelines. The team
will work closely with the procurement specialists at the UNDP who would,
inter alia, ensure adherence to Bank Guidelines, invite bids, finalize
contracts, clear goods through customs and make payments to suppliers and
consultants.n Financial Management Specialist/Accountant, responsible for
accounting, disbursements, financial reporting, auditing and adherence to
Bank guidelines for project financial management. The Financial Management
Specialist will also assist the PMU-DNP as needed and will be responsible
for consolidating the accounts of both the PMUs into comprehensive project
accounts. He/she will also coordinate disbursement and accounting
activities with the UNDP.n Two Secretaries.PMU- DNP will consist of the
following staff:n Technical Coordinator/ Project Administrator,
responsible for coordinating public expenditure management activities
within the DNP and developing the Annual Program of Operations (Programa
Operativo Anual - POA); managing procurement, accounting, financial
reporting, disbursements, audits and project reporting. n Project Officer,
to assist the Technical Coordinator/ Project Administrator in the
discharge of her functions.n Technical Coordinator, Public Procurement
Reform, responsible for the implementation of the Public Procurement
component.n Accountant.n Secretary.Since project activities relate to
multiple, autonomous organizations, it would be very important to ensure
effective coordination. For this purpose a high level Project
Coordination Committee (Comite de Coodinaci6n - COCOR) consisting of the
Vice Minister, MHCP as Chairman; the Sub-Director, DNP; the Director
General, DIAN; the National Accountant General; the Vice-Comptroller
General of the Republic and the Coordinator General will be set up to
provide leadership and oversight to the project. The Coordinator General
will act as the Secretary of the COCOR. The COCOR will review the
progress of the project, resolve implementation problems and bottlenecks,
approve the POAs and project budgets and reallocate funds between
components and activities as needed. The COCOR will meet at least once
every three months.To ensure coordination at the technical level, two
Technical Coordination Committees (TCCs) would be established. The
Technical Coordination Committee - DIAN will be headed by the Director
General, DIAN and will have the Director of Taxes, the Director of
Customs, the Secretary General, DIAN, Secretary General - Institutional
Development, the Head of the Office of Information Systems, the
Coordinator General and the Technical Coordinator - DIAN
(Member-Secretary). This Committee will deal with technical issues
related to the implementation of project activities in the DIAN. The
Technical Coordination Committee - Public Expenditure Management will
consist of the Directors of Macro-programming, Budget, Treasury and
Public Credit, MHCP; Heads of the Macro-programming, Budgeting, Public
Investment and Finance, Territorial Transfers, Evaluation and Social
Development Units of the DNP; representatives of the Fiscal Council
(Consejo Fiscal- CONFIS), the Office of the National Accountant General
and the Office of the Comptroller General of the Republic; the Coordinator
General, the Technical Coordinator/ Project Administrator - DNP, the
Technical Coordinator - SIIF and the Technical Coordinator - PEM, MHCP
(Member- Secretary).As with the ongoing PFMP, in order to ensure smooth
flow of project funds and timely and efficient execution of procurement
- 13 -



contracts, GOC will engage UNDP under a Management Service Agreement.
Since UNDP cannot enter into a competitive selection process as required
by IBRD guidelines, the administrative fees paid to it would be financed
out of counterpart funds. B. Financial Management Arrangements:a.
Accounting and Financial Reporting : While the PMUs in charge of the
project have gained experience in project accounting through the execution
of the ongoing Public Financial Management Project since 1994, the current
financial management system needs to be reinforced and expanded in line
with the new financial management requirements of the Bank. In compliance
with the conditions outlined in the Bank's Project Financial Management
Manual (February 1999), a Financial Management Specialist carried out the
required project financial management assessment to determine the capacity
of the PMUs to observe present Bank financial management standards during
project implementation (see Annex 6).    An Action Plan to deal with
observed deficiencies was agreed with project management. A follow up
visit by a Financial Management Specialist and the progress made by the
PMUs in meeting the requirements of the Action Plan indicate that the
project meets the Bank's minimum financial management standards. A
revised Action Plan has been prepared to further strengthen project
financial management capacity. An Action Plan to enable the PMUs to
produce Project Management Reports will be implemented within six months
of effectiveness. Within the GOC counterpart contribution, there is an
amount of US$8.5 million which will be shown in the national budget as the
investment budget of the DIAN and not of the project. This amount will
finance some of the activities included in the Revenue Administration
component of the project, which will be directly executed by the DIAN, in
line with the Action Plan agreed with the IDB. Since the funds will be
spent in accordance with the National Budgetary and Procurement laws,
special arrangements for monitoring of these funds have been agreed.
These are: (i) the monitoring of the activities and the expenditures
incurred will be carried out ex-post by the PMU and Bank supervision
missions; (ii) the DIAN will submit quarterly reports showing the scope
of activities carried out, categories of expenditure, physical progress
achieved and the impact of such activities; and (iii) on that basis, the
PMU financial specialist will consolidate the information and prepare all
the required reports for the IBRD, national authorities and audit.b.
Procurement:   The PMU-MHCP will have a procurement team consisting of a
Procurement Officer and an Informatics Specialist, who would look after
procurement and contracting activities related to the project. In the
PMU-DNP this function will be performed by the Technical Coordinator/
Project Administrator and the Project Officer. UNDP will be hired through
counterpart funds to provide procurement management support and will work
closely with the PMUs.    Procurement of goods under the proposed project
will be carried out in accordance with the latest version of Bank's
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits".
Consultants will be recruited in accordance with the latest version of
"Guidelines: Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and the World Bank
as Executing Agency".    A procurement capacity assessment has been carried
out, with procurement risk being rated as "average". Procurement methods
and thresholds for prior review have been agreed. Please see Annex 6 for
more details.c. Monitoring and Evaluation Arrangements: The project would
be implemented on the basis of an annual work program called "Programa
Operativo Anual"(POA). The POA is being used by the ongoing project.     The
POA for each calendar year would be submitted to the Bank by the preceding
October 31 for approval. The POA would contain details of activities to
- 14 -



be executed during the year and the resources required, source of
financing, time table, performance indicators and institutional
responsibility for each activity. Further, in keeping with Bank financial
management guidelines, (OP/BP) 10.2., project management reports (PMRs)
would be submitted. The PMRs would comprise of financial reports,
progress reports, and procurement reports. The format of these reports
will closely follow the guidelines in the Project Financial Management
Manual (IBRD, February 1999). The reports will reflect all project
financing and expenditures, including those expenditures that are financed
outside of the PMU. It was agreed, that the PMUs will prepare quarterly
PMRs, to be consolidated by the PMU - MHCP for review by the COCOR and the
Bank. The project would be supervised by the Bank on an ongoing basis,
with at least two field supervision missions each year. A mid-term review
of the project would be carried out in the third year of project
implementation.    d.    Auditing Arrangements:  The Comptroller General of
the Republic (CGR) by law conducts the audits of public sector programs,
including IBRD projects. Accordingly, this project would also be audited
by the CGR. Audits of accounts and the financial statements of the
project, including a separate opinion on Statements of Expenditures, would
follow accounting and auditing procedures satisfactory to the Bank. All
supporting records would be maintained at least one year after the
completion of the project. A consolidated audit report would be submitted
to the Bank no later than four months after the end of each fiscal year.
The audit would cover project expenditures until such time as the loan has
been closed. To ensure timely submission of the audit reports to the
Bank, the CGR will be asked to submit within six months after loan
effectiveness its report on the review of Project Internal Controls.
Arrangements will also be made with the CGR to ensure its involvement in
project audit early in the fiscal year, thus, enabling it to complete the
audit process in a timely manner. The use of Bank guidelines on project
audits and the terms of reference of Auditors will be agreed before
negotiations.e.    Disbursement Arrangements:  GOC would sign a Management
Service Agreement (MSA) with UNDP, similar to the MSAs currently in place
under the on-going project, to manage both loan and counterpart funds.
The MSA agreement would have the advantages of allowing the project a more
predictable access to funds due to budgetary regulations governing this
type of agreement.    UNDP also has ample experience in international
procurement and has tax exemption status. Under the MSA arrangement, IBRD
will make disbursement directly to the General Account of the UNDP in New
York. Payments will be made out of this account by UNDP in dollars or in
local currency. The PMUs would still have full responsibility for the
financial management, monitoring and reporting of the project and for
preparing all aspects of the processes related to the procurement. UNDP
will act as an internal auditor by guaranteeing that all procurement rules
and guidelines are followed. It will also review all contracts executed
under the project from the legal point view. UNDP will sign all contracts
and pay the beneficiaries of the contracts. It will transfer all goods
purchased to the executing agencies.
7. Sustainability
The critical factors on which the sustainability of project benefits would
depend include: continuing public demand for improvements in quality of
public services, particularly, in revenue administration, public
expenditure management and public procurement and contracting; sustained
commitment of the government at the political, managerial and technical
- 15 -



levels to whole-heartedly implement project activities and support the
updating and maintenance of project outputs after the project closes; the
willingness of the government to base critical revenue enforcement and
resource allocation decisions on the objective information generated by
different tools and systems provided by the project, rather than on purely
political considerations; and the effectiveness with which change
management strategies are implemented.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
A number of lessons learned in the course of implementation of the PFMP
and similar projects have been incorporated in the project design. These
include:A project dealing with fundamental reforms in revenue
administration (RA) and Public Expenditure Management (PEM) can succeed
only if it has strong borrower commitment. In order to achieve this, it
has been ensured that the project addresses real Borrower needs in both
the areas and is in line with the Borrower's strategic priorities. Also,
different agencies of the Borrower have been closely involved in
preparation of the project, so as to build ownership of the proposed
reforms. While computerization is necessary to improve efficiency and
effectiveness in RA and PEM, it is not sufficient. It is imperative to
address underlying institutional weaknesses in order to achieve lasting
results. Therefore, a well-rounded institutional development approach has
been adopted. While supporting extensive information technology
investments, the project would also deal with issues relating to the
normative framework, incentives, human resources, organizational
arrangements, management systems, business processes and training. In
addressing institutional weaknesses, it is not enough to focus on formal
rules of the game. The informal rules must be taken into account.
Consequently, informal rules have been specifically examined while
diagnosing both RA and PEM, and to the extent possible project
interventions have been designed to address problems related to both
formal and informal rules. In reforming organizations, it is important to
take into account the environment in which they operate. Accordingly,
environmental factors of both the RA and PEM have been examined in detail
at the diagnostic stage and an attempt has been design project activities
that would strengthen the positive effects of the environment and reduce
its negative influences on the targeted organizations.Institutional
development is an iterative multi-year process. For this reason, the
project has been designed to support second generation reforms, building
on the progress made under the PFMP.Competent leadership of the project is
essential. The project leader should have adequate authority to overcome
inter-organizational hurdles and push reforms. For this purpose, the
project will be headed by the Vice Minister, MHCP. It would also have a
Coordinator General of sufficient stature to lead day to day
implementation activities.Due to their regular responsibilities, it is
very difficult for line managers and staff to devote adequate attention to
longer term modernization activities. Yet their inputs are crucial to
project success. Therefore, it is essential to create a dedicated group
of individuals who are devoted full time to implementation of project
activities, but work closely with line staff. To address this need,
Project Management Units, consisting of consultants and regular employees,
have been designed to coordinate project activities with line agencies and
facilitate implementation. Also two Technical Coordination Committees and
a high level Coordination Committee have been created to ensure smooth
inter-institutional cooperation and an synchronized approach in activities
- 16 -



involving more than one organization.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)      N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues         The project is classified as Category C and has
been cleared by LCSES on October 6, 2000.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Jit Bahadur S. Gill
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 473-6771
Fax:   (202) 522-3133/34
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending February 9, 2001.
- 17 -



