Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1933 CE
             Development Credit Agreement
        (Distribution and Transmission Project)
                        between
      DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 Dated August 31, 1988
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1933 CE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT,  dated  August  31,   1988,  between  DEMOCRATIC
SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
    WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
Page  2
    (B)  the Project will be carried out by the Ceylon Electricity
Board with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance,  the  Borrower  will  make  available  to  the  Ceylon
Electricity Board the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
    WHEREAS  the Association has  agreed,  on the  basis,  inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the
Project Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and
the Ceylon Electricity Board;
NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
    Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development
Credit  Agreements"  of  the Association,  dated  January  1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
    Section  1.02.  Unless  the  context otherwise requires,  the
several  terms  defined  in  the  General  Conditions  and  in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
    (a)  "Act" means the Ceylon Electricity Board Act, No. 17 of
1969 of the Borrower, as amended to the date of this Agreement;
    (b)  "Board" means the Ceylon Electricity Board, a statutory
corporation established pursuant to the Act;
    (c)  "Project  Agreement"  means  the  agreement  between  the
Association and the Board of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
    (d)  "Special  Account"  means  the  account  referred  to  in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
    (e)  "Distribution  Subsidiary  Loan  Agreement"  means  the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and the Board
pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended  from  time  to  time,  and  such  term  includes  all
schedules to the Distribution Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
    (f)  "Transmission  Subsidiary  Loan  Agreement"  means  the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and the Board
pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules to
the Transmission Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
    (g)  "Subsidiary  Loan  Agreements"  means  the  Distribution
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Transmission Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
    (h)  "Local   authorities"  means   the   local   authorities
carrying on electricity undertakings.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
    Section 2.01.  The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-nine million two hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 29,200,000).
Page  3
    Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions  of Schedule 1
to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit.
    (b)  The Borrower shall,  for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in dollars a special account in its Central Bank on
terms and conditions  satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1994 or
such  later  date  as  the  Association  shall  establish.  The
Association shall  promptly notify the Borrower of  such later date.
    Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
    (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue:  (i)  from a date sixty
days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower
from the Credit Account or cancelled; (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at such other
rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to
paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall
be applied as of the next payment date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement, except that the rate set as of June
30, 1988 shall be applied as of July 1, 1988.
    (c)  The  commitment  charge  shall  be  paid:  (i)  at  such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
    Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
    Section 2.06. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each May 1  and November 1
commencing  November  1,  1998,  and  ending  May  1,  2028.  Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 1, 2008
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment  thereafter  shall  be  two  percent  (2%)  of  such
principal amount.
    (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita,  as determined by the Association,  shall have exceeded $790
in constant  1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending,  the
Association  may,  subsequent  to  the  review  and approval thereof
by the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph  (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount Of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of  the
Credit shall have been repaid.  If  so requested  by  the  Borrower,
the  Association  may  revise  such modification to include, in lieu
of some or all of the increase in the amount of such installments,
the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the
Association on the principal amount of  the  Credit  withdrawn  and
outstanding  from  time  to  time, provided that, in the judgment of
Page  4
the Association, such revision shall  not  change  the  grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment modification.
    (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph  (b)  above,  the  Association  determines  that  the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
    Section 2.07. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
    Section 2.08. The Board is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
    Section 3.01.  (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its  other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause the Board to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of the Board
therein set forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds,  facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the Board to perform
such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
    (b)  In order to assist the Board in carrying out Part A of  the
Project  other  than  vehicles,  workshop  equipment  and buildings,
the Borrower shall relend up to the equivalent of SDR 14,130,000 out
of the proceeds of the Credit to the Board under a subsidiary loan
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and the Board,
under terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association which shall include, inter alia: (i) interest at a rate
of not less than 10% per annum on the principal amount so relent and
withdrawn by the Board and outstanding from time to time;  (ii)
repayment over a period of twenty-five years, including therein a
period of grace of seven years;  and  (iii)  foreign  exchange  risk
to  be  borne  by  the Borrower.
    (c)  In order to assist the Board in carrying out Parts B, C, D
and E of the Project, with the addition of vehicles, workshop
equipment and buildings under Part A of the Project, the Borrower
shall relend up to the equivalent of SDR 15,070,000, out of the
proceeds of the Credit to the Board under a subsidiary loan
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and the Board,
under terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association which shall include, inter alia: (i) interest at a rate
of not less than 10% per annum on the principal amount so relent and
withdrawn by the Board and outstanding from time to time;  (ii)
repayment over a period of twenty years,  including therein a
period  of  grace  of  five  years;  and  (iii)  foreign exchange
risk to be borne by the Borrower.
    Section  3.02.  Except  as  the  Association  shall  otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Project Agreement.
    Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree that
the obligations set forth  in  Sections  9.03,  9.04,  9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and  reports,
Page  5
maintenance  and  land  acquisition,  respectively) shall be carried
out by the Board pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
    Section 3.04. The Borrower shall take or cause to be taken all
measures necessary to ensure that on and after December 31, 1988,
total dues for electricity supplied by the Board shall not exceed
three months' billing.
    Section 3.05. The Borrower shall complete or cause to be
completed by October 31, 1989 a tariff and load management study,
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association.  The
Borrower shall review or cause to be reviewed the results of said
study with the Association, and if necessary, thereafter modify the
Board's tariffs taking into account the agreed recommendations of
said study.
    Section 3.06. The Borrower shall take all such action as may be
necessary on its part (including, but without limitation, all
necessary authorizations)  to  enable  the Board  to  effect  such
adjustments in its tariffs as shall be required to comply with the
provisions of Section 4.03 of the Project Agreement.
    Section 3.07. The Borrower shall carry out or cause to be
carried out a program satisfactory to the Association to redeploy or
retire staff of local authority distribution systems transferred to
the Board.
    Section 3.08. The Borrower shall take measures satisfactory to
the Association for the transfer of distribution systems from local
authorities to the Board.
                      ARTICLE IV
                    Other Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
     (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance with
          sound  accounting  practices,  records  and accounts
          reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii) ensure that all records  (contracts,  orders,  invoices,
          bills,  receipts  and  other  documents) evidencing such
          expenditures are retained until at least one year after
          the Association has received the audit report for the
          fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
          Account was made;
    (iii) enable   the   Association's   representatives  to
          examine such records.
(b)  The Borrower shall:
     (i)  have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph
          (a) (i) of this Section and those for the Special
          Account for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
          with  appropriate  auditing  principles consistently
          applied,  by  independent  auditors acceptable to the
          Association;
     (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
          any case not later than six months after the  end  of
          each  such year  the report of  such audit by said
          auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
          Association shall have reasonably requested,  including
          a separate opinion by said auditors as  to whether the
          statements of expenditure submitted during such fiscal
          year, together with the procedures and internal controls
          involved in their preparation, can be relied upon to
          support the related withdrawals; and
Page  6
    (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
          concerning said records and accounts and the audit
          thereof as the Association shall from time to time
          reasonably request.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
    Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
    (a)  The Board  shall have  failed  to  perform any of  its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
    (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of  the  Development  Credit  Agreement,  an  extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Board will be able to perform its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
    (c)  The  Act  or  legislation  resulting  from the measures
referred to in Section 3.08 of this Agreement shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of the Board to perform any of
its obligations under the Project Agreement.
    (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of the Board or for the suspension of its operations.
    (e)   (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
               (A)  the  right of  the Borrower to withdraw the
                    proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                    Borrower  for  the  financing of  the
                    Project shall  have  been  suspended,
                    cancelled  or terminated in whole or in
                    part, pursuant to the   terms  of   the
                    agreement   providing therefor, or
               (B)  any  such  loan  shall  have  become  due
                    and payable prior to the agreed maturity
                    thereof.
        (ii)   subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
               apply if: (A) such suspension, cancellation,
               termination or prematuring is not caused by the
               failure of the Borrower to perform any of its
               obligations under such agreement;  and  (B)
               adequate funds for the Project are available to
               the Borrower from other sources on terms and
               conditions consistent with the  obligations  of
               the  Borrower  under  this Agreement.
    Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
    (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof  shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower;
    (b)  the  events  specified  in  paragraphs  (c)  and  (d)  of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
    (c)  the  events  specified  in  paragraph  (e)  (i)  (B)  of
Section  5.01  of  this  Agreement  shall  occur,  subject  to  the
proviso of paragraph (e) (ii) of that Section.
                      ARTICLE VI
Page  7
              Effective Date; Termination
    Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
    (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been executed on behalf
of the Borrower and the Board; and
    (b)  the  measures  referred  to  in  Section  3.08  of  this
Agreement have been completed.
    Section  6.02.  The  following  are  specified  as  additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions,  to be  included  in  the opinion or opinions  to be
furnished to the Association:
    (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Board, and is legally binding upon the Board in
accordance with its terms; and
    (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and the Board and are legally
binding upon the Borrower and the Board in accordance with their
respective terms.
    Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
    Section 6.04.  The obligations of the Borrower under Section
3.04 of this Agreement and the provisions of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development  Credit  Agreement  shall  terminate  or  on  the  date
twenty years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be
the earlier.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
    Section 7.01.  Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Secretary, Ministry of Finance and Planning of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
    Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
    For the Borrower:
     Ministry of Finance and Planning
     Colombo
     Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
     Cable Address:                     Telex:
     SECMINFIN                          FINMIN 21409 or
     Colombo                            Foraid 21232
For the Association:
     International Development Association
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
     Cable Address:                     TELEX:
          INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
Page  8
                                        64145  (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
          DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
                                   By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                                   Authorized Representative
          INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                   By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                   Regional Vice President
                                                  Asia
                       SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated       % of
                      (Expressed in     Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent)  to be Financed
(1)  Equipment and      21,120,000     100% of foreign
     materials; and                    expenditures
    building con-                      100% of local
    struction under                    expenditures
    Part A of the                      (ex-factory cost)
     Project, and erec-                and 70% of local
    tion works under                   expenditures for
    Part B of the                      other items pro-
    Project                            cured locally
(2)  Erection works      1,370,000     70% of local
    under Part A of                    expenditures
    the Project
(3)  Consultants'        4,110,000     100%
    services and
    overseas training
(4)  Unallocated         2,600,000
                        ___________
       TOTAL            29,200,000
                              ==========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods
or services  supplied  from the territory of any country other than
that of the Borrower; and
    (b)  the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of  paragraph  1  above,  no
withdrawals  shall  be  made  in  respect  of  payments  made  for
Page  9
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 720,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after January 1, 1988.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are: (a) to improve the power
distribution system; (b) to implement the transmission expansion
program;  and (c) to enhance the Board's financial and institu-
tional performance.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Association and the Borrower may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Distribution
    The rehabilitation and  expansion  of  distribution systems
transferred to the Board from local authorities.
Part B:   Transmission
    The  construction  of about  230 km of  132-kV transmission
lines, the reconductoring of about 150 km of 132-kV transmission
lines and the construction and augmentation of related substations.
Part C:   Institution
    The strengthening of the Board through:
     1.   the development of a decentralized computerized billing
          system and upgrading its management information system;
     2.   the training of engineers and other staff;
     3.   the dissemination of power related information;
          and
     4.   improvements in the Board's organization and manage-
          ment.
Part D: Technical Assistance
    The provision of technical assistance to the Board in:
     (a)  the review of the detailed specifications and
          design of the 132-kV transmission system:
     (b)  the review of bidding documents for major
          transmission contracts; and
     (c)  improving  the  methodology  of  tariff studies  and
          carrying out of a tariff study.
Part E:  Study
    The carrying out of a feasibility study for the Kalu Ganga
multipurpose project.
                      *  *  *  *
    The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1993.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  10
    (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),(2) and
(3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
    (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
    (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent
to SDR 1,370,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,  payments out
of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for eligible
expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account may be made as follows:
    (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the Borrower for
a deposit or deposits which add up to the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
    (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests for
replenishment of the Special Account at such intervals as the
Association shall specify. On the basis of such requests,  the
Association shall withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
the Special Account such amounts as shall be required to replenish
the  Special Account  with amounts not exceeding the amount of
payments made out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by the
evidence supporting the request for such deposit furnished pursuant
to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account for which the Borrower requests replenishment pursuant to
paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to
the Association, prior to or at the time of such request, such and
other evidence as the Association shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, no further deposits into the Special Account shall be
made by the Association when either of the following situations
first arises:
          (i)  the  Association  shall  have  determined that
               all further withdrawals should be made by the
               Borrower directly from  the  Credit  Account in
               accordance with the provisions of Article V of
               the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of
               Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allo-
               cated to the eligible Categories minus the
               amount of any outstanding special commitment
               entered into by the Association pursuant to
               Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
               respect to the Project, shall  be  equal  to
               the  equivalent of twice the amount of the
               Authorized Allocation.
Page  11
    (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining  unwithdrawn  amount  of  the  Credit  allocated  to  the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals
shall be made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall  have  been  satisfied  that  all  such amounts remaining on
deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized  in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made for any
expenditure or in any amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to  the Association,  the  Borrower shall,  promptly upon notice
from the Association deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. No further deposit by the Association into
the Special Account  shall  be made until the Borrower has made such
deposit or refund.
    (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
