Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                         (Energy Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
           DISTRIBUIDORA DE COMBUSTIVEIS E LUBRIFICANTES
                       Dated August 21, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 21, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and DISTRIBUIDORA DE
COMBUSTIVEIS E LUBRIFICANTES (DICOL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eleven
million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 11,300,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that DICOL agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by two subsidiary loan agreements to be entered into
between the Borrower and DICOL, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to DICOL
on the terms and conditions set forth in said subsidiary loan
Page  2
agreements; and
      WHEREAS DICOL, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) DICOL declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts B and D.1 of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Parts B and D.1 of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and DICOL shall
otherwise agree, DICOL shall carry out Parts B and D.1 of the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts B and D.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. DICOL shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts B
and D.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. DICOL shall duly perform all its obligations
under the DICOL Subsidiary Loan Agreements. Except as the Associa-
tion shall otherwise agree, DICOL shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving either of the DICOL Subsidiary Loan Agreements
or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) DICOL shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts B and D.1 of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the DICOL Subsidiary Loan
Agreements, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   DICOL shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts B and D.1 of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by DICOL of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the DICOL Subsidiary Loan
Agreements.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  3
                Management and Operations of DICOL
      Section 3.01. DICOL shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. DICOL shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property (including all
petroleum depots), and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with
sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. DICOL shall take out and maintain with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. DICOL shall, not later than December 31, 1991,
enter into an agreement with Pescarte, on reasonable commercial
terms, pursuant to which DICOL shall obtain for a period of no less
than three years the nonexclusive right to use the 45-ton barge and
pusher tug owned by Pescarte.
      Section 3.05. DICOL shall implement in a timely manner the
DICOL Financial Restructuring Plan, the DICOL Management Plan and
the DICOL Financing Plan.
      Section 3.06. DICOL shall not make capital investments
(whether financed by borrowings or otherwise) aggregating in any
DICOL fiscal year more than the equivalent of $250,000 without the
consent of the Association, provided that the Association has
responded, affirmatively or negatively, within 30 days of receipt of
a written request from DICOL for its consent.
      Section 3.07. DICOL shall, not later than June 30, 1992,
implement an accounting and management information system satisfac-
tory to the Assocation.
      Section 3.08. DICOL shall only sell petroleum products to
Private Customers on a cash-and-carry basis.
      Section 3.09. DICOL shall, no earlier than January 1, 1993 and
no later than March 31, 1993, carry out jointly with the Association
a mid-term review of the progress made in carrying out Parts B and
D.1 of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) DICOL shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   DICOL shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                   tion;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
Page  4
                   the Association shall have reasonably requested;
                   and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and
                   financial statements as well as the audit there-
                   of, as the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, DICOL shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account for purposes of Parts B or
                   D.1 or payment out of the DICOL Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders, in-
                   voices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, DICOL shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1991, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 100% of the annual average of DICOL's
local Project capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that year, the previous fiscal year and the next
following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years, DICOL
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by DICOL and satisfactory
to the Association, review whether it would meet the requirements
set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association a copy of
such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that DICOL would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for DICOL's fiscal years
covered by such review, DICOL shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its prices, subject to the limitations set
forth in Section 4.02 of the Development Credit Agreement) in order
to meet such requirements.
(d)For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations, consumer deposits
                         and consumer contributions in aid of
                         construction, net non-operating income and
                         any reduction in working capital other
Page  5
                         than cash; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions, including administration, adequate
                         maintenance and taxes and payments in lieu
                         of taxes (excluding provision for depreci-
                         ation and other non-cash operating charg-
                         es), debt service requirements, all cash
                         dividends and other cash distributions of
                         surplus, increase in working capital other
                         than cash and other cash outflows other
                         than capital expenditures.
            (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)    The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
            (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
             (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all liabil-
                   ities which will become due and payable or could
                   under circumstances then existing be called for
                   payment within twelve months, including accounts
                   payable, customer advances, debt service re-
                   quirements, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes,
                   and dividends.
            (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
          (vii)    The term "local Project capital expenditures"
                   means all expenditures on account of Project
                   fixed assets related to operations, including
                   interest charged to construction. The term
                   "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
                   currency of the Borrower or for goods or servic-
                   es supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
                   The term "Project fixed assets" means all fixed
                   assets acquired for purposes of the Project.
         (viii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, DICOL shall produce for each of its fiscal years after its
Page  6
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1991, total revenues equivalent
to not less than the sum of: (i) its total operating expenses; and
(ii) the amount by which debt service requirements exceed the
provision for depreciation.
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years, DICOL
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by DICOL and satisfactory
to the Association, review whether it would meet the requirements
set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association the
results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that DICOL would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for DICOL's fiscal years
covered by such review, DICOL shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its prices) in order to meet such require-
ments.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                   operating revenues and net non-operating income.
            (ii)   The term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                   nues from all sources related to operations.
            (iii)  The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to operations, including admin-
                   istration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                   payments in lieu of taxes, and provision of
                   depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                   of not less than 6.67% per annum of the average
                   current gross value of DICOL's fixed assets in
                   operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                   Association, but excluding interest and other
                   charges on debt.
            (v)    The average current gross value of DICOL's fixed
                   assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                   half of the sum of the gross value of DICOL's
                   fixed assets in operation at the beginning and
                   at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                   time to time in accordance with sound and con-
                   sistently maintained methods of valuation satis-
                   factory to the Association.
            (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
            (vii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Association.
Page  7
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, DICOL shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast
of the revenues and expenditures of DICOL shows that the estimated
net revenues of DICOL for each fiscal year during the term of the
debt to be incurred shall be at least one and a half (1-1/2) times
the estimated debt service requirements of DICOL in such year on all
debt of DICOL including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of DICOL
                   maturing by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which it is originally incurred.
            (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
            (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-operat-
                         ing income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions including administration, adequate
                         maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                         taxes, but excluding provision for depre-
                         ciation, other non-cash operating charges
                         and interest and other charges on debt.
            (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
            (vi)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by DICOL not earlier than twelve months
                   prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                   which both the Association and DICOL accept as
                   reasonable and as to which the Association has
                   notified DICOL of its acceptability, provided
                   that no event has occurred since such notifica-
                   tion which has, or may reasonably be expected in
                   the future to have, a material adverse effect on
                   the financial condition or future operating
                   results of DICOL.
            (vii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
Page  8
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of DICOL thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                   ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
            (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify DICOL of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For DICOL:
            Distribuidora de Combustiveis
              e Lubrificantes da Guine-Bissau, LDA
            Caixa Postal No. 3
            Bissau
            Guine-Bissau
                                     FAX:
Page  9
                                        213894
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of DICOL, or by DICOL on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Director General of DICOL or such other person or persons as the
Director General of DICOL shall designate in writing, and DICOL
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Edwin R. Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                   DISTRIBUIDORA DE COMBUSTIVEIS E LUBRIFICANTES
                   By /s/ Alfredo L. Cabral
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Contracts for goods (other than petroleum products) up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $1,430,000 may be awarded after
direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  10
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the DICOL
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished
to the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of
the DICOL Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the DICOL Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together, with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist DICOL in carrying out Part B of the
Project, DICOL shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    The DICOL project implementation and control team, established
in accordance with paragraph 3 (b) (v) of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement, shall monitor implementation of Parts
B and D.1 of the Project, and shall be responsible for coordinating
the training of DICOL's staff.
2.    Petroleum Facility. The Petroleum Facility shall be operated
as follows.
      a.    Accounts: (i) the Borrower shall open and maintain a
special account in Dollars (the Petroleum Facility Account), under
terms acceptable to the Association, in an international bank
acceptable to the Association; and
            (ii)   DICOL shall open and maintain a special account
in Guinea-Bissau pesos (the Working Capital Petroleum Account),
under terms acceptable to the Association, in a bank located within
the territory of the Borrower acceptable to the Association.
      b.    Deposits: (i) subject to paragraph (d) (i) below, DICOL
shall deposit into the Working Capital Petroleum Account, within
fifteen days following the end of each calendar month, an amount in
Guinea-Bissau pesos equivalent to the number of liters of petroleum
products either (A) sold to Private Customers during the preceding
calendar month or (B) paid for by Public Sector Customers during the
preceding calendar month, multiplied by the corresponding CIF value
per liter of such products;
            (ii)   subject to paragraph (d) (i) below, DICOL shall
present to the Borrower, shortly following the end of each month, a
deposit request for an amount of Dollars equivalent to the sum of:
(A) all receivables accruing after the date of this Agreement held
by DICOL in the name of any Public Sector Customer that are at least
Page  11
thirty days overdue; and (B) all Guinea-Bissau pesos then held in
the Working Capital Petroleum Account; and
            (iii)  subject to paragraph (d) (ii) below, the Borrower
shall deposit into the Petroleum Facility Account, within 10 days of
receipt of the above-mentioned deposit request from DICOL, the
amount of Dollars therein requested by DICOL.
      (c)   Withdrawals: (i) at the direction and option of DICOL,
amounts held in the Petroleum Facility Account shall be released
either (A) for the purpose of paying for the import of petroleum
products into the territory of the Borrower or (B) beginning two
years after the date of this Agreement, to repay the Borrower under
the Petroleum Facility Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
            (ii)   upon such release, the corresponding amount of
Borrower arrears referred to in paragraph (b) (ii) (A) above shall
be cancelled and the corresponding amounts of Guinea-Bissau pesos
referred to in paragraph (b) (ii) (B) above shall be released from
the Working Capital Petroleum Account to the Borrower.
      (d)   Limitations: (i) DICOL shall have no obligation to make
any deposit into the Working Capital Petroleum Account if the Dollar
equivalent of the sum of: (i) the Borrower arrears referred to in
paragraph (b) (ii) (A) above and the amount of Guinea-Bissau pesos
then held in the Working Capital Petroleum Account exceeds:
(x) $1,400,000 so long as there shall remain at least $600,000
available under Category 7 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and (y) $2,000,000 thereafter; and
            (ii)   the Borrower shall have no obligation to make any
deposit into the Petroleum Facility Account if the balance exceeds:
(x) $1,400,000 so long as there shall remain at least $600,000
available under Category 7 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and (y) $2,000,000 thereafter.
      (e)   Exchange Rate. For purposes of calculations under the
Petroleum Facility, the exchange rate to be used for converting
Guinea-Bissau pesos into Dollars shall be the commercial rate then
legally available in the territory of the Borrower.
