Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                         (Energy Project)
                              between
                     REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 21, 1991
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 21, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF
GUINEA-BISSAU (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends (i) to obtain from the European
Community (EC) a grant in an amount equivalent to $2,000,000 to
assist in financing Part B of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and EC, and (ii) to contract from European Investment Bank
(EIB) a loan in an amount equivalent to $4,670,000 to assist in
financing Part C of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
EIB;
      (C)   Parts B and D.1 of the Project will be carried out by
Page  2
Distribuidora de Combustiveis e Lubrificantes (DICOL) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to DICOL the proceeds of the Credit as provided
in this Agreement; and
      (D)   Part C of the Project will be carried out by
Electricidade e Aguas da Guine-Bissau (EAGB) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to EAGB the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the two
Project Agreements of even date herewith between the Association and
DICOL and EAGB, respectively;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Deve-
lopment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Competitive Distribution Plan" has the meaning provided
in paragraph 3 (b) (ii) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   "DGE" means the Direccao-Geral de Energia within MNRI;
      (c)   "DICOL" means Distribuidora de Combustiveis e Lubri-
ficantes, a corporation organized under the laws of the Borrower
pursuant to Decree No. 41/77, dated December 31, 1977;
      (d)   "DICOL Financing Plan" has the meaning provided in
Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (e)   "DICOL Management Plan" means the action plan referred
to in paragraph 3 (b) (iv) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (f)   "DICOL Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and DICOL, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to such agreement;
      (g)   "DICOL Financial Restructuring Plan" means the plan
referred to in paragraph 3 (b) (iii) of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (h)   "DICOL Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (i)   "DICOL Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and DICOL pursuant to Section
3.01 (c) (i) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time
to time, and such term includes any schedules to the DICOL
Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (j)   "DICOL Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the DICOL
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Petroleum Facility Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, collectively;
      (k)   "EAGB" means Electricidade e Aguas da Guine-Bissau, a
corporation established under the laws of the Borrower;
Page  3
      (l)   "EAGB Financing Plan" has the meaning provided in
Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (m)   "EAGB Contrat-Programme" means the performance contract
to be entered into between the Borrower and EAGB setting forth
performance goals for EAGB, and all subsequent related agreements
between such parties;
      (n)   "EAGB Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and EAGB, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to such agreement;
      (o)   "EAGB Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (p)   "EAGB Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and EAGB pursuant to Section
3.01 (d) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes any schedules to the EAGB Subsidiary
Loan Agreement;
      (q)   "MNRI" means the Borrower's Ministerio dos Recursos
Naturais e Industria;
      (r)   "MNRI Financing Plan" has the meaning provided in
Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (s)   "Pescarte" means Pescarte, a department within the
Borrower's Ministry of Fisheries;
      (t)   "Petroleum Facility" means the petroleum facility to be
established pursuant to Part D of the Project, and to be operated as
described in paragraph 1 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
      (u)   "Petroleum Facility Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and DICOL pursuant
to Section 3.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes any schedules to
the Petroleum Facility Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (v)   "Private Customers" means all customers of DICOL's
services other than its Public Sector Customers;
      (w)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated June 15, 1990 and June 21,
1990 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (x)   "Public Sector Customers" means all customers of DICOL
that are part of, or majority-owned by, the Borrower, including all
ministries and departments thereof, and its parastatals;
      (y)   "Special Accounts" means the DICOL Special Account and
the EAGB Special Account, collectively; and
      (z)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the DICOL Subsidiary
Loan Agreements and the EAGB Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
collectively.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eleven million three hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 11,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Page  4
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part B of the
Project, open and maintain in the name of DICOL a special deposit
account (the DICOL Special Account) in Dollars in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the DICOL Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part C of the
Project, open and maintain in the name of EAGB a special deposit
account (the EAGB Special Account) in Dollars in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the EAGB Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (d)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1995 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15,
commencing May 15, 2001 and ending November 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on November 15,
Page  5
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a)  DICOL is designated as representative of
the Borrower in respect of Parts B and D.1 of the Project for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions in respect of such Parts.
      (b)  EAGB is designated as representative of the Borrower in
respect of Part C of the Project for the purposes of taking any
action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions in respect of such Part.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out, through MNRI, Parts A and D.2
                   of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
                   and in conformity with appropriate
                   administrative and financial practices and shall
                   provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                   facilities, services and other resources
                   required for such Part of the Project; and
            (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower: (A) shall cause
                   DICOL and EAGB to perform all their respective
                   obligations set forth in the DICOL Project
                   Agreement and the EAGB Project Agreement,
                   respectively, (B) shall take or cause to be
                   taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable DICOL and
Page  6
                   EAGB to perform such obligations, and (C) shall
                   not take or permit to be taken any action which
                   would prevent or interfere with such
                   performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and the Borrower shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Parts A and D.2 of the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (c)    The Borrower shall relend the following to DICOL, under
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association, including, inter alia, that the proceeds of the Credit
shall be relent at an interest rate of 8.5% per annum, with the
exchange risk between the currency of payment and the currency of
repayment to be borne by DICOL:
            (i)   the proceeds of the Credit necessary to carry out
                  Part B of the Project shall be relent to DICOL
                  under a subsidiary loan agreement (the DICOL
                  Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be entered into
                  between the Borrower and DICOL for a term of
                  twenty years, including a five-year grace period;
                  and
           (ii)   the proceeds of the Credit necessary to carry out
                  Part D.1 of the Project shall be relent to DICOL
                  under a separate subsidiary loan agreement (the
                  Petroleum Facility Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to
                  be entered into between the Borrower and DICOL
                  for a term of ten years, including a three-year
                  grace period.
      (d)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit
necessary to carry out Part C of the Project to EAGB under a
subsidiary loan agreement (the EAGB Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and EAGB, under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association which
shall provide, inter alia, that the proceeds of the Credit shall be
relent at an interest rate of 7.7% per annum, for a term of twenty
years, including a five-year grace period, with the exchange risk
between the currency of payment and the currency of repayment to be
borne by EAGB.
      (e)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under each of the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive any of the Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provision
thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A and D.2 of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall implement in a timely manner
the Competitive Distribution Plan, the DICOL Financial Restructuring
Plan, the DICOL Management Plan, the DICOL Financing Plan, the EAGB
Financing Plan and the MNRI Financing Plan.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, not later than December 31,
1991, cause Pescarte to enter into an agreement with DICOL, on
reasonable commercial terms, pursuant to which DICOL shall obtain
for a period of no less than 3 years the nonexclusive right to use
the 45-ton barge and pusher tug owned by Pescarte.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, through DGE, transfer for
fair consideration to EAGB, not later than December 31, 1992, all
Page  7
its rights relating to the 4.2 MW Nova Central Electrica generating
station currently under construction (including all rights under the
related construction and installation contracts).
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall: (a) modify, in consultation
with EAGB, EAGB's tariff indexation formula not later than December
31, 1991 in a manner satisfactory to the Association, (b) annually
review such formula with the Association, and (c) only further amend
such formula with the agreement of the Association. Prior to such
modification in 1991, the Borrower shall only permit EAGB's tariffs
to increase from their March 1, 1991 levels if, and only to the
extent that, the domestic price of petroleum increases.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, no earlier than January 1,
1993 and no later than March 31, 1993, carry out jointly with the
Association a mid-term review of the progress made in carrying out
the Project.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of: (a)
Parts B and D.1 of the Project shall be carried out by DICOL
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the DICOL Project Agreement, and (b)
Part C of the Project shall be carried out by EAGB pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the EAGB Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts A and D.2 of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
Page  8
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account, all records (contracts,
                   orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                   documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall,
during October of each year, and at any other time at the request of
either party, exchange views with regard to the Borrower's petroleum
product pricing policies and its plans in respect of the overall
development of the petroleum distribution sector.
      (b)   The Borrower agrees, as long as it exercises control
over the setting of prices of the petroleum distribution companies,
to establish prices for petroleum products sold by such companies
which would: (i) allow the companies, under conditions of efficient
operation at reasonable levels of capacity utilization, to cover
their operating costs including taxes, earn an adequate return on
funds invested in them, meet their financial obligations and make a
reasonable contribution to future investment for expansion of
capacity; and (ii) be reasonably competitive with prices for
petroleum products in the international market.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   DICOL or EAGB shall have failed to perform any of their
respective obligations under the Project Agreements.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that DICOL or EAGB
will be able to perform their respective obligations under the
Project Agreements.
      (c)   The charter documents of DICOL shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of DICOL to perform any of its obligations
under the DICOL Project Agreement.
      (d)   The charter documents of EAGB shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of EAGB to perform any of its obligations
under the EAGB Project Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of DICOL or EAGB, or for the suspension of the operations of DICOL
or EAGB.
      (f)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
Page  9
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
            (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a), (c) or (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (e) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   any event specified in paragraph (f) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (f) (ii) of such Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and of DICOL and EAGB, respectively; and
      (b)   the Borrower shall have presented financing plans for
MNRI (the MNRI Financing Plan), DICOL (the DICOL Financing Plan) and
EAGB (the EAGB Financing Plan), satisfactory to the Association,
delineating the sources of financing and expected expenditures of
MNRI, DICOL and EAGB over no shorter than a three-year period
beginning with the date of such presentation.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the DICOL Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by DICOL and is legally binding upon DICOL in
accordance with its terms;
      (b)   that the EAGB Project Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by EAGB and is legally binding upon EAGB in accordance
with its terms;
      (c)   that the DICOL Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and DICOL and are legally
binding upon the Borrower and DICOL in accordance with their
respective terms; and
      (d)   that the EAGB Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and EAGB and is legally
Page  10
binding upon the Borrower and EAGB in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Sections 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Sections
3.06 and 4.02 of this Agreement and Schedule 6 to this Agreement,
shall cease and determine on the earlier of the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate and the date four years
after the date of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio da Economia e Financas
            C.P. 67
            Bissau
            Guine-Bissau
            Cable address:           Telex:
                   MEF                 257 MEF BI
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:           Telex:
                   INDEVAS             248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.     82987 (FTCC)
                                        64145 (WUI) or
                                       197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU
                   By /s/ Alfredo L. Cabral
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  11
                   By /s/ Edwin R. Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
I.  Part A of the Project
(1)  Equipment, materials                       100% of foreign
     and vehicles                               expenditures
     (a) for Part A.3            150,000
         of the Project
     (b) for Part A.4            140,000
         of the Project
(2)  Consultants'                240,000        100% of foreign
     services                                   expenditures
II.  Part B of the Project
(3)  Equipment, materials      2,700,000        100% of foreign
     vehicles                                   expenditures
(4)  Consultants'              1,230,000        100% of foreign
     services                                   expenditures
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
III.  Part C of the Project
(5)  Equipment and             1,470,000        100% of foreign
     related installation,                      expenditures
     materials and
     vehicles
(6)  Consultants'                740,000        100% of foreign
     services                                   expenditures
III.  Part D of the Project
(7)  Petroleum products        2,970,000        100% of for-
     for Part D.1 of                            eign expendi-
     the Project                                tures, until
                                                SDR 1,500,000
                                                equivalent has
                                                been disbursed;
                                                and 30% of
                                                foreign expen-
                                                ditures thereafter
IV.  Miscellaneous
(8)  Refunding of                260,000        Amount due
     Project                                    pursuant to
Page  12
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (d)
     Advance                                    of this Agreement
(9)  Unallocated               1,400,000
                              __________
          TOTAL               11,300,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   in respect of Categories (3) and (4) until (i) the
Borrower shall have issued a ministerial order establishing a
petroleum pricing mechanism consistent with the requirements of
Section 4.02 (b) of this Agreement, (ii) the Borrower shall have
adopted an action plan, acceptable to the Association, to encourage
competition in the distribution of petroleum products following
their import into the territory of the Borrower (the Competitive
Distribution Plan), (iii) the Borrower and DICOL shall have adopted
a financial restructuring plan for DICOL (the DICOL Financial
Restructuring Plan) acceptable to the Association, (iv) the Borrower
and DICOL shall have adopted a project management action plan (the
DICOL Management Plan) satisfactory to the Association and DICOL
shall have employed management and technical consultants under terms
of reference satisfactory to the Association, (v) DICOL shall have
established a project implementation and control team with terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association, and (vi) DICOL shall have
acquired the insurance coverage required by Section 3.03 of the
DICOL Project Agreement;
      (c)   in respect of Categories (5) and (6) until: (i) EAGB
shall have employed management consultants under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association, and (ii) EAGB shall have
established a project implementation and control team with terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association;
      (d)   in respect of Category (7) until: (i) the conditions set
forth in paragraph (b) above shall have been satisfied, and (ii) the
Borrower and DICOL shall have adopted banking arrangements,
satisfactory to the Association, regarding the operation of the
Petroleum Facility's accounts.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to improve the efficiency of
the Borrower's petroleum product distribution sector and electricity
generation and distribution sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development of, and Operation of Energy
            Sector by, MNRI
1.    Development (including related training of staff) and
operation within DGE of a technical cell to plan energy policies for
the Borrower and monitor the petroleum, electric power and household
energy sectors; related acquisition of office and data processing
equipment.
2.    Preparation of a least-cost expansion study for the addition,
Page  13
between 1995 and 2000 to the Borrower's electricity network of at
least 14 MW of generating capacity.
3.    Maintenance of the Borrower's provincial power stations and
depots, including acquisition of: (a) instruments to measure river
depth and flow characteristics at Saltinho, and (b) vehicles for
maintenance and supervision by DGE of the provincial power stations.
4.    Acquisition and installation of four 100 kVA and one 400 kVA
distribution transformers for the Bafata-Xime-Gabu network and about
2,500 electric meters for the rural electricity distribution
network.
Part B:     Extension and Rehabilitation of Petroleum  Distribution
            System, and Institutional Development of DICOL
1.    Rehabilitation of Bissau's petroleum depot and jetty
facilities, including the related product handling and barge loading
facilities and drum manufacturing plant. Acquisition for depot of
fire protection and safety equipment, quality and quantity mea-
surement instruments, environmental protection facilities, spare
parts and workshop facilities.
2.    Rehabilitation of Bissau's liquified petroleum gas storage and
filling plant.
3.    Rehabilitation of Bissau's airport fueling depot.
4.    Construction and operation of marine-serviced petroleum depots
at each of Bubaque, Catio and Bolama; acquisition of motor boat and
vehicle to service marine depots.
5.    Strengthening of DICOL's operational and financial management
capabilities through the training of its staff in related areas.
Part C:     Extension and Rehabilitation of EAGB's Electricity
            Generation and Distribution System, and Institutional
            Development of EAGB
1.    Installation and operation of: (a) one 3 MW diesel electricity
generating unit, an oil-water separator and an incinerator unit (for
the disposal of waste fuel and lube oil) at EAGB's main station in
Bissau, and (b) two 200 Kw electricity generating units in
Canchungo; rehabilitation of related buildings, structures and
auxiliaries.
2.    Extension of Bissau's electricity distribution network to
Bairros Militar, Quelele, Bra and Cuntum.
3.    Rehabilitation of Canchungo's electricity distribution
network.
4.    Strengthening of EAGB's operational and financial management
capabilities and the related (a) acquisition and implementation of
a computerized billing and management information system, (b)
training of staff in electric sector management and operations
skills, and (c) acquisition of vehicles, tools, equipment and spare
parts.
Part D:     Operation of Petroleum Facility
      Establishment and operation of a revolving facility, in
accordance with Schedule 6 to this Agreement, to finance the import
of petroleum products (the Petroleum Facility) through:
1.    establishment and operation by DICOL of a revolving working
capital fund to finance the importation of petroleum products; and
2.    establishment and operation by the Borrower of a revolving
facility to make available foreign currency for the importation of
petroleum products.
Page  14
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $490,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded through limited international bidding procedures
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from at
least three qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in
accordance with procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of either of the
Special Accounts, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished
to the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of
such Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of either of the Special Accounts, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not
apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Page  15
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                       DICOL Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (3) and
(4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $300,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the DICOL Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the DICOL Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
      3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the DICOL Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals
to replenish the DICOL Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the DICOL Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the DICOL Special Account,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the DICOL Special
                   Account at such intervals as the Association
                   shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which reple-
                   nishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the DICOL Special Account such
                   amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                   as shall have been shown by said documents and
                   other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   DICOL Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the DICOL Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
Page  16
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the DICOL Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allo-
cated to the eligible Categories for Part B of the Project, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part B of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part B of the Project shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the DICOL Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the DICOL Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2
of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as
the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the DICOL Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into
the DICOL Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the DICOL Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
DICOL Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                       EAGB Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (5) and
(6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
Page  17
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $300,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the EAGB Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the EAGB Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the EAGB Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the EAGB Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the EAGB Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the EAGB Special Account,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the EAGB Special
                   Account at such intervals as the Association
                   shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the EAGB Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the EAGB Special Account for eligible
                   expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the EAGB Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the EAGB Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part C of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Part C of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Page  18
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part C of the Project shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the EAGB Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the EAGB Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2
of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as
the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the EAGB Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into
the EAGB Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the EAGB Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)    The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit
in the EAGB Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                      Implementation Program
1.    Petroleum Facility. The Petroleum Facility shall be operated
as follows.
      a.    Accounts: (i) the Borrower shall open and maintain a
special account in Dollars (the Petroleum Facility Account), under
terms acceptable to the Association, in an international bank
acceptable to the Association; and
      (ii)  DICOL shall open and maintain a special account in
Guinea-Bissau pesos (the Working Capital Petroleum Account), under
terms acceptable to the Association, in a bank located within the
territory of the Borrower acceptable to the Association.
      b.    Deposits: (i) subject to paragraph (d) (i) below, DICOL
shall deposit into the Working Capital Petroleum Account, within
fifteen days following the end of each calendar month, an amount of
Guinea-Bissau pesos equivalent to the number of liters of petroleum
products either (A) sold to Private Customers during the preceding
calendar month or (B) paid for by Public Sector Customers during the
preceding calendar month, multiplied by the corresponding CIF value
per liter of such products;
       (ii) subject to paragraph (d) (i) below, DICOL shall present
to the Borrower, shortly following the end of each month, a deposit
request for an amount of Dollars equivalent to the sum of: (A) all
receivables accruing after the date of this Agreement held by DICOL
Page  19
in the name of any Public Sector Customer that are at least thirty
days overdue, and (B) all Guinea-Bissau pesos held in the Working
Capital Petroleum Account; and
      (iii) subject to paragraph (d) (ii) below, the Borrower shall
deposit into the Petroleum Facility Account, within 10 days of
receipt of the above-mentioned deposit request from DICOL, the
amount of Dollars therein requested by DICOL.
      (c)   Withdrawals: (i) at the direction and option of DICOL,
amounts held in the Petroleum Facility Account shall be released
either (A) for the purpose of paying for the import of petroleum
products into the territory of the Borrower or (B) beginning two
years after the date of this Agreement, to repay the Borrower under
the Petroleum Facility Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      (ii)  upon such release, the corresponding amount of Borrower
arrears referred to in paragraph (b) (ii) (A) above shall be
cancelled and the corresponding amount of Guinea-Bissau pesos
referred to in paragraph (b) (ii) (B) above shall be released from
the Working Capital Petroleum Account to the Borrower.
      (d)   Limitations: (i) DICOL shall have no obligation to make
any deposit into the Working Capital Petroleum Account if the Dollar
equivalent of the sum of (i) the Borrower arrears referred to in
paragraph (b) (ii) (A) above and the amount of Guinea-Bissau pesos
then held in the Working Capital Petroleum Account exceeds:
(x) $1,400,000 so long as there shall remain at least $600,000
available under Category 7 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and
(y) $2,000,000 thereafter; and
      (ii)  the Borrower shall have no obligation to make any
deposit into the Petroleum Facility Account if the balance exceeds:
(x) $1,400,000 so long as there shall remain at least $600,000
available under Category 7 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and (y)
$2,000,000 thereafter.
      (e)   Exchange Rate. For purposes of calculations under the
Petroleun Facility, the exchange rate to be used for converting
Guinea-Bissau pesos into Dollars shall be the commercial rate then
legally available in the territory of the Borrower.
2.    Pursuant to Part A.1 of the Project, MNRI shall prepare, in
consultation with EAGB, a least-cost expansion study for electric
power generating capacity, satisfactory to the Association, not
later than June 30, 1992. MNRI shall consult periodically with the
Association during the preparation of such study.
3.    MNRI shall conduct a study not later than June 30, 1992
regarding the institutional options available to operate Guinea-
Bissau's water distribution system.
4.    The Borrower shall, and shall cause EAGB to, execute the EAGB
Contrat-Programme by December 31, 1991. MNRI shall allow the
Association to participate in all scheduled reviews of EAGB's
compliance under the EAGB Contrat-Programme.
5.    The Borrower shall cause Banco Central da Guine-Bissau to
enter into, not later than December 31, 1991, an on-lending
agreement with EAGB, on reasonable terms, relating to Unit No. 7
2.2 MW generator so as to permit EAGB's concurrent acquisition of
such unit.
6.    EAGB shall act as purchasing agent and otherwise assist the
Borrower in acquiring and installing the transformers and meters
provided for under Part A.4 of the Project.
