Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                      Agreement Providing for Amendment
                             and Restatement of
                              Project Agreement
                              (Energy Project)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                     and
                    ELECTRICIDADE E AGUAS DA GUINE-BISSAU
                             Dated July 13, 1995
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                              PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 13, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (hereinafter called the Association)
and ELECTRICIDADE E AGUAS DA GUINE-BISSAU (hereinafter referred
to as EAGB).
      WHEREAS the Association and EAGB have agreed to amend the
Project Agreement between the Association and EAGB dated August
21, 1991, as amended on May 25, 1992, (hereinafter called the
Project Agreement) in the manner hereinafter set forth;
      WHEREAS the REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU and the Association
have also agreed to amend the Development Credit Agreement
between the Republic of Guinea-Bissau and the Association dated
August 21, 1991 (hereinafter called the Development Credit
Agreement) in the manner set forth in the amended Development
Credit Agreement of even date herewith; and
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
      Section 1.01. The Project Agreement is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety so as to read as set forth in the
Annex hereto.
Page  2
      Section 1.02. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the amended Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 1.03. If the Development Credit Agreement shall
not have come into force and effect by October 11, 1995, this
Agreement and all obligations of the parties hereunder shall
terminate, unless the Association establishes a later date for
the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall terminate
under the provisions of this Section the Project Agreement
shall be cancelled.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused
this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                          INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
                          ELECTRICIDADE E AGUAS DA GUINE-BISSAU
                          By /s/ Alfredo Copes Cabral
                                                  Authorized Representative
                                                                      ANNEX
                                            To Agreement Providing
                                            for Amendment and
                                            Restatement of Project
                                            Agreement dated
                                            July 13, 1995
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                            AMENDED AND RESTATED
                              PROJECT AGREEMENT
                              (Energy Project)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                     and
                    ELECTRICIDADE E AGUAS DA GUINE-BISSAU
Page  3
                            Dated August 21, 1991
                        (as amended and restated on)
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2237 GUB
                                                          PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 21, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ELECTRICIDADE E
AGUAS DA GUINE-BISSAU (EAGB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU (the Borrower)
and the Association, the Association has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to nine million four hundred thirty thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 9,430,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that EAGB agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and EAGB, the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
relent to EAGB on the terms and conditions set forth in said
subsidiary loan agreement (the Subsidiary Loan Agreement); and
      WHEREAS EAGB, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                                 Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) EAGB declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out
Part B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and EAGB
shall otherwise agree, EAGB shall carry out Part B of the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Part B of the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
Page  4
      Section 2.03. EAGB shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. EAGB shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, EAGB shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) EAGB shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of Part B of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   EAGB shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by EAGB of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE III
                      Management and Operations of EAGB
      Section 3.01. EAGB shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and engineering practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. (a) EAGB shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property
and, from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering and financial practices.
      (b)   Subject to paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, EAGB shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provisions satisfactory to the
Association for insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.03.  EAGB shall: (a) pay in full over a five-
year period existing arrears owed to DICOL in equal semiannual
payments beginning end 1992, (b) pay interest accruing
beginning January 1, 1993 on all outstanding arrears referred
to in (a) above at the rate of 15% per annum, and (c) pay all
bills to the Liquidation Commission within 30 days of receipt
of such bills.
      Section 3.04.  EAGB shall adopt, not later than December
31, 1995, a three-year rolling investment program for the
period 1996-1998 acceptable to the Association, and shall
implement such plan, as modified with the consent of the
Association, provided that the consent of the Association shall
not be required for any investments in addition to those set
forth in such plan aggregating less than $250,000 in any EAGB
fiscal year.
      Section 3.05.  EAGB shall: (a) modify not later than June
30, 1992 its tariff indexation formula in a manner satisfactory
to the Association, (b) annually review such formula with the
Association, and (c) only further amend such formula with the
agreement of the Association. Prior to such modification in
Page  5
1991, EAGB shall only increase its tariffs from their March 1,
1991 levels if, and only to the extent that, the domestic price
of petroleum increases.
      Section 3.06. EAGB shall: (a) implement, not later than
December 31, 1995, a metering and billing plan acceptable to
the Association, including the installation by such date of
meters for all customers, (b) implement a loss-reduction
program acceptable to the Association designed to reduce
overall system losses to 30% not later than December 31, 1992,
and 27% not later than December 31, 1995, and (c) reduce
average arrears from private customers to 120 days not later
than December 31, 1995, and 90 days not later than December 31,
1996.
      Section 3.07. EAGB shall, no earlier than January 1, 1993
and no later than December 31, 1993, carry out jointly with the
Association a mid-term review of the progress made in carrying
out Part B of the Project, including a review of EAGB's
requirements for management consultant assistance.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) EAGB shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   EAGB shall:
            (i)     have its records, accounts and financial
                    statements (balance sheets, statements of
                    income and expenses and related statements)
                    for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                    with appropriate auditing principles
                    consistently applied, by independent auditors
                    acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as
                    available, but in any case not later than six
                    months after the end of each such year: (A)
                    certified copies of its financial statements
                    for such year as so audited; and (B) the
                    report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                    scope and in such detail as the Association
                    shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                    information concerning said records, accounts
                    and financial statements as well as the audit
                    thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                    time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, EAGB shall:
            (i)     maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                    accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                    records and accounts reflecting such
                    expenditures;
            (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                    Association has received the audit report for
                    the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                    from the Credit Account for purposes of Part B
                    or payment out of the EAGB Special Account was
                    made, all records (contracts, orders,
                    invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                    evidencing such expenditures;
Page  6
            (iii)   enable the Association's representatives
                    to examine such records; and
            (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                    included in the annual audit referred to in
                    paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                    report of such audit contains a separate
                    opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                    statements of expenditures submitted during
                    such fiscal year, together with the procedures
                    and internal controls involved in their
                    preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                    related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, EAGB shall earn, for each of its fiscal years
after its fiscal year ending on December 31, 1991, an annual
return of not less than 10% of the average current net value of
EAGB's fixed assets in operation.
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years, EAGB
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by EAGB and
satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such
year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to
the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that EAGB would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for EAGB's fiscal years
covered by such review, EAGB shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its prices) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)     The annual return shall be calculated by
                    dividing EAGB's net operating income for the
                    fiscal year in question by one half of the sum
                    of the current net value of EAGB's fixed
                    assets in operation at the beginning and at
                    the end of that fiscal year.
            (ii)    The term "net operating income" means total
                    operating revenues less total operating
                    expenses.
            (iii)   The term "total operating revenues" means
                    revenues from all sources related to
                    operations.
            (iv)    The term "total operating expenses" means all
                    expenses related to operations, including
                    administration, adequate maintenance, taxes
                    and payments in lieu of taxes (other than
                    taxes on revenue), and provision for
                    depreciation on a straight-line basis at a
                    rate of not less than 6% per annum of the
                    average current gross value of EAGB's fixed
                    assets in operation, or other basis acceptable
                    to the Association, but excluding interest and
                    other charges on debt.
            (v)     The average current gross value of EAGB's
                    fixed assets in operation shall be calculated
                    as one half of the sum of the gross value of
                    EAGB's fixed assets in operation at the
                    beginning and at the end of the fiscal year,
                    as valued from time to time in accordance with
                    sound and consistently maintained methods of
                    valuation satisfactory to the Association.
Page  7
            (vi)    The term "current net value of EAGB's fixed
                    assets in operation" means the gross value of
                    EAGB's fixed assets in operation less the
                    amount of accumulated depreciation, as valued
                    from time to time in accordance with sound and
                    consistently maintained methods of valuation
                    satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, EAGB shall not incur any debt unless a
reasonable forecast of the revenues and expenditures of EAGB
shows that the estimated net revenues of EAGB for each fiscal
year during the term of the debt to be incurred shall be at
least one and a half (1-1/2) times the estimated debt service
requirements of EAGB in such year on all debt of EAGB including
the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)     The term "debt" means any indebtedness of EAGB
                    maturing by its terms more than one year after
                    the date on which it is originally incurred.
            (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                    a loan contract or agreement or other
                    instrument providing for such debt or for the
                    modification of its terms of payment on the
                    date of such contract, agreement or
                    instrument; and (B) under a guarantee
                    agreement, on the date the agreement providing
                    for such guarantee has been entered into.
            (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the
                    difference between:
                    (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                          related to operations and net non-
                          operating income; and
                    (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                          operations including administration,
                          adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                          in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                          for depreciation, other non-cash
                          operating charges and interest and other
                          charges on debt.
            (iv)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                    difference between:
                    (A)   revenues from all sources other than
                          those related to operations; and
                    (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                          lieu of taxes (other than taxes on
                          revenue), incurred in the generation of
                          revenues in (A) above.
            (v)     The term "debt service requirements" means the
                    aggregate amount of repayments (including
                    sinking fund payments, if any) of, and
                    interest and other charges on, debt.
            (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a
                    forecast prepared by EAGB not earlier than
                    twelve months prior to the incurrence of the
                    debt in question, which both the Association
                    and EAGB accept as reasonable and as to which
                    the Association has notified EAGB of its
                    acceptability, provided that no event has
                    occurred since such notification which has, or
                    may reasonably be expected in the future to
Page  8
                    have, a material adverse effect on the
                    financial condition or future operating
                    results of EAGB.
            (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section
                    it shall be necessary to value, in terms of
                    the currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                    another currency, such valuation shall be made
                    on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                    exchange at which such other currency is, at
                    the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                    purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                    absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate
                    of exchange acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, EAGB shall not incur any debt if after the
incurrence of such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall be
greater than 70 to 30.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)     The term "debt" means any indebtedness of EAGB
                    maturing by its terms more than one year after
                    the date on which it is originally incurred.
            (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                    a loan contract or agreement or other
                    instrument providing for such debt or for the
                    modification of its terms of payment on the
                    date of such contract, agreement or
                    instrument; and (B) under a guarantee
                    agreement, on the date the agreement providing
                    for such guarantee has been entered into.
            (iii)   The term "equity" means the sum of the
                    total unimpaired paid-up capital, retained
                    earnings and reserves of EAGB not allocated to
                    cover specific liabilities.
            (iv)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                    shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                    currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                    another currency, such valuation shall be made
                    on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                    exchange at which such other currency is, at
                    the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                    purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                    absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate
                    of exchange acceptable to the Association.
                                  ARTICLE V
                                Termination;
                         Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of EAGB thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)     the date on which the Development Credit
                    Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                    its terms; or
            (ii)    the date twenty years after the date of this
                    Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify EAGB of this event.
Page  9
      Section 5.02. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                          Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                    INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                    Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For EAGB:
            Electricidade e Aguas da Guine-Bissau, E.P.
            Rua Eduardo Mondlane, 14 - Bissau
            1021 Bissau Codex
            Guine-Bissau
                                             Telex:
                                               223
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of EAGB, or by EAGB on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be
taken or executed by the Director General of EAGB or such other
person or persons as the Director General of EAGB shall
designate in writing, and EAGB shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods or works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Page  10
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost up to
an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,350,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded through limited international bidding
procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
obtained from at least three qualified suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8,
2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or more.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the EAGB Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association
prior to the making of the first payment out of the EAGB
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the EAGB
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract together with the
other information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist EAGB in carrying out Part B of the
Project, EAGB shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                           Implementation Program
      EAGB's project implementation and control team shall
monitor implementation of Part B of the Project, and shall be
Page  11
responsible for training EAGB's staff.
      In connection with training with EAGB's staff under Part
B.2 of the Project, EAGB shall prepare not later than August 31,
1995 a timetable, satisfactory to the Association, for the
training of EAGB's staff, and shall implement such timetable in
a timely manner.
3.    EAGB shall acquire all appropriate insurance coverage not
later than December 31, 1995.
4.    EAGB shall implement, not later than December 31, 1995, an
accounting and financial management system acceptable to the
Association, including adoption of a methodology, and the
related procedures, for revaluing EAGB's fixed assets on a
yearly basis.
5.    EAGB shall, not later than June 30, 1992, enter into an on-
lending agreement with Banco Central da Guine-Bissau, on
reasonable terms, relating to Unit No. 7 2.2 MW generator so as
to permit its concurrent acquisition of such unit.
6.    EAGB shall, not later than June 30, 1995, enter into a two
year management contract on terms and conditions including
performance indicators, satisfactory to the Association, with a
firm selected in accordance with the provisions of Section II of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
7.    EAGB shall furnish quarterly reports on the progress
achieved in the execution of Part B of the Project to the
Association.
