Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3546 RU
                         Project Agreement
         (Privatization Implementation Assistance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
          PRIVATIZATION CENTER OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION
                        Dated May 15, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3546 RU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 15, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PRIVATIZATION CENTER
OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION (the Privatization Center), a state
foundation established pursuant to Decree No. 716 of the President
of the Russian Federation of November 23, 1992 and the Founders'
Agreement dated October 20, 1992.
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Russian Federation (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to ninety million dollars ($90,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only
on condition that the Privatization Center agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS by Subsidiary Project Management Arrangements to be
entered into between the Borrower and the Privatization Center (the
Subsidiary Project Management Arrangements), a part of the proceeds
of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be utilized
by the Privatization Center to arrange technical assistance for the
Page  2
benefit of the Recipients for the purposes described in Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement and in the Subsidiary Project Management
Arrangements and under the terms and conditions thereof; and
      WHEREAS the Privatization Center, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Subproject" means any grant of resources or program of
technical assistance arranged by the Privatization Center which
involves the provision of goods, services, or other facilities
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to a Recipient for purposes
of carrying out the Project;
      (b)   "Recipient" means any recipient of goods, equipment, or
technical assistance provided by the Privatization Center under a
Subproject, including GKI, FPF, MKIs, Regional Property Funds and
enterprises selected under Parts B.4, B.5, and B.6 of the Project;
and
      (c)   "Regional Property Funds" means property funds of the
political and administrative subdivisions of the Borrower,
established pursuant to Article 7 (1) of the Borrower's Law on the
Privatization of State and Municipal Enterprises of July 3, 1991.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Privatization Center declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A
and B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, commercial
and business standards and practices and in accordance with the
Subsidiary Project Management Arrangements, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for Parts A and B of the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and the Privatization Center
shall otherwise agree, the Privatization Center shall carry out
Parts A and B of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Privatization Center shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Parts A and B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. The goods and services which shall have been
Page  3
procured by the Privatization Center pursuant to the Subsidiary
Project Management Arrangements for the benefit of Recipients under
Subprojects in respect of Parts B.4, B.5, and B.6 of the Project,
shall be provided to such Recipients under standard Subproject
Agreements or other arrangements to be entered into between the
Privatization Center and each Recipient under such Subprojects on
terms and conditions which shall be acceptable to the Bank,
including inter alia, that:
      (a)   the Recipients maintain for each such Subproject
adequate records reflecting the receipt and utilization of the goods
and services financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; and
      (b)   the Recipients make available to the Bank such other
information concerning said Subprojects and said Recipients as the
Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 2.05. The Privatization Center shall exercise its
rights in relation to each Recipient in such manner as to: (i)
protect the interests of the Bank, the Borrower, and the
Privatization Center; (ii) comply with its obligations under this
Agreement and the Subsidiary Project Management Arrangements; and
(iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.06. The Privatization Center shall duly perform all
its obligations under the Subsidiary Project Management
Arrangements. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Privatization Center shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Project Management Arrangements or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.07. (a) The Privatization Center shall, at the
request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the
progress of Parts A and B of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   The Privatization Center shall promptly inform the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A and B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by the Privatization Center
of its obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                   Management and Operations of
                      the Privatization Center
      Section 3.01. The Privatization Center shall carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with its Statutes
and in accordance with sound administrative, financial, commercial
and business standards and practices and under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management, selected in accordance with
the procedures described in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. The principal activities of the Privatization
Center, including administration of any activities carried out by
the Privatization Center at the behest of the Borrower under the
Project, shall at all times be performed by, and be the
responsibility of, the regular staff of the Privatization Center,
duly appointed in accordance with the Statutes and the
administrative policies established by the Privatization Center in
accordance with the Schedule to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Privatization Center shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
Page  4
      (b)   The Privatization Center shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements), including
                  separate accounts for the Subprojects, for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six (6) months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested;
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. In order to ensure maintenance of strict
financial accountability of the Privatization Center of its
obligations under Section 4.01 of this Agreement, its activities
shall be carried out in accordance with procedures for financial
control acceptable to the Bank and under an annual operating budget
satisfactory to the Bank, adopted and approved by all necessary
corporate action under the Statutes of the Privatization Center and
in accordance with its operational policies, under procedures
satisfactory to the Bank, including, inter  alia, that:
      (a)   by October 31 of each year, the chief financial officer
of the Privatization Center shall have submitted a proposal for the
annual operating budget of the Privatization Center for review and
comment by the Bank;
      (b)   by November 30 of each year, the chief executive officer
of the Privatization Center shall have submitted a proposed annual
operating budget, acceptable to the Bank, to the Board of Directors
of the Privatization Center for the approval of such body; and
      (c)   by December 31 of each year, the Privatization Center
shall have submitted evidence to the Bank that an annual operating
budget satisfactory to the Bank has been duly approved by all
appropriate action of such Board.
      Section 4.03. The Privatization Center shall inform the Bank
at least thirty (30) days prior to taking any one of the following
actions and shall provide to the Bank all such information thereon
as the Bank shall reasonably request:
      (a)   enter into any agreement or arrangement to guarantee or
in any way or under any condition to become obligated for all or any
part of any financial or other obligation of another person,
including any subsidiary;
      (b)   form any subsidiary, or make or permit to exist loans,
advances or cash transfers to, or deposits (except commercial bank
deposits in the ordinary course of business) with other persons or
investments in any person or enterprise, including any subsidiary;
      (c)   sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its
capital assets (whether in a single transaction or in a series of
transactions, related or otherwise);
      (d)   undertake or permit any merger, consolidation or
reorganization;
Page  5
      (e)   make any changes to the Statutes; or
      (f)   enter into any transaction other than in the ordinary
course of business, on ordinary commercial terms and on the basis
of arm's length arrangements.
      Section 4.04. The Privatization Center shall not undertake any
activity involving an expansion in the scope of the operations or
activities of the Privatization Center beyond that defined by the
Project, so as to affect materially and adversely the operations or
the financial condition of the Privatization Center or its ability
to carry out the Project or perform any of its obligations under the
Project Agreement or the Subsidiary Project Management Arrangements.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the Privatization Center thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the Privatization
Center thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For the Privatization Center:
            Ulitsa Ogareva, dom 5
            Moscow
            Russian Federation
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Privatization Center may be taken or
executed by its Director-General or such other person or persons as
Page  6
the Director-General shall designate in writing, and the
Privatization Center shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence
of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each
such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Ernest Stern
                                                 Managing Director
                        PRIVATIZATION CENTER OF THE
                          RUSSIAN FEDERATION
                        By /s/ Anatoly Chubais
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
I.    Organization and Management of the Privatization Center
A.    Organization and Staffing
      1.    The organization and staffing plan of the Privatization
Center shall be acceptable to the Bank, and the positions shall be
maintained by qualified staff.
      2.    Salaries of Privatization Center staff, including
management, shall be maintained within a range for each position
acceptable to the Bank.
B.    Core Management
      1.    The Privatization Center shall have a core management
including: a chief executive officer; a chief financial officer; a
chief procurement officer; a chief legal counsel; a chief operating
officer; a director of large scale transactions; a public relations
officer; a strategic planning officer; and a policy coordinator.
      2.    The management of the Privatization Center, under the
direction of its chief executive officer, shall be responsible for
ensuring overall coordination, management and monitoring of Parts A
and B of the Project and other relevant obligations of the
Privatization Center in accordance with the Subsidiary Management
Arrangements, including the carrying out of any procurement and
disbursement functions for the Project which may be delegated to the
Privatization Center by the Borrower.
C.    Selection of Core Management
      1.    The core management positions of the Privatization
Center shall be filled by persons having qualifications and terms
of reference acceptable to the Bank.
Page  7
      2.    The selection of candidates for core management
positions shall be carried out under the direction of the chief
executive officer under procedures acceptable to the Bank.
      3.    The compensation and other terms and conditions of
employment of the core management of the Privatization Center shall
be subject to approval of its Board.
D.    Quarterly Reporting
      The Privatization Center shall prepare and furnish to the Bank
detailed quarterly reports on the execution and operation of the
Project and on other matters, pursuant to Section 9.07 of the
General Conditions, of a scope and within a timetable acceptable to
the Bank.
II.   Restructuring and Environment
      The Privatization Center shall:
            (i)   not later than December 31, 1993 complete
                  identification of environmental issues affecting
                  the privatization process and thereafter, in
                  consultation with the Bank, formulate methods of
                  resolving those issues.
            (ii)  carry out, or cause to be carried out, in
                  connection with each enterprise being prepared
                  for privatization under Part B of the Project, an
                  environmental review under terms of reference
                  acceptable to the Bank or, in cases acceptable to
                  the Bank, ensure the issuance of appropriate
                  disclosures, representations and warranties or
                  other information acceptable to the Bank in lieu
                  of such review.
III.  Part B.4 of the Project
1.    The Privatization Center shall ensure the selection of the
enterprise candidates for privatization under Part B.4 of the
Project in conformity with criteria formulated by the Privatization
Center and in consultation with the Bank.
2.    In respect of each large enterprise identified by the
Privatization Center as a potential privatization candidate to
benefit  from advisory services under Part B.4 (d), (e) or (f) of
the Project, the Privatization Center shall furnish to the Bank for
its approval the following information and documents:
      (a)   an assessment of the likelihood that the large
enterprise in question can be successfully privatized;
      (b)   confirmation that the privatization plan of the
enterprise has been approved in accordance with prevailing
legislation and that the management of the enterprise is willing to
cooperate fully with the consultants to be appointed by the Center
to implement the privatization; and
      (c)   a timetable for the privatization and proposed
benchmarks for structuring the remuneration of, and monitoring the
performance of consultants assigned by the Privatization Center to
carry out the Subproject.
3.    Preparation of the Standard Subproject Agreement or other
arrangements under Section 2.04 of this Agreement shall be the
responsibility of the Privatization Center.
IV.   Part B.5 of the Project
      The Privatization Center shall furnish to the Bank in
accordance with a timetable acceptable to the Bank the following
Page  8
information and documents:
            (i)   a plan for managing and executing privatization
                  of small- and medium-sized enterprises in the
                  region or regions selected as Recipients of
                  advisory services under Part B.5 of the Project;
            (ii)  the Standard Subproject Agreement or detailed
                  description of other arrangements acceptable to
                  the Bank between the Privatization Center and the
                  Recipient; and
          (iii)   confirmation that the GKI and Property Funds in
                  the region concerned have concluded a general
                  agreement relating to their respective roles in
                  the State Privatization Program pursuant to
                  Article 15 (6) of the Law on the Privatization of
                  State and Municipal Enterprises of July 3, 1991.
V.    Part B.6 of the Project
      The Privatization Center shall adopt an implementation plan
providing for a method of selection of the regional Recipients of
equipment and allocation of such resources, together with
appropriate security arrangements ensuring the proper utilization
of the equipment, acceptable to the Bank.
VI.   Training under Part B.7 of the Project
      The Privatization Center shall carry out a training program
under an agreed plan, which shall be submitted by the Privatization
Center to the Bank for prior review and approval.
