Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3125 UNI
                 Gongola State Project
                       Agreement
               (Essential Drugs Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
               GONGOLA STATE OF NIGERIA
                   Dated May 7, 1990
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3125 UNI
            GONGOLA STATE PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 7, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and
GONGOLA STATE OF NIGERIA (Gongola State).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to sixty-eight million one hundred thousand
dollars ($68,100,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that
Gongola State agrees to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement the Borrower has agreed
to relend to Gongola State under a subsidiary loan
agreement (the Gongola State Subsidiary Loan Agreement)
to be entered into between the Borrower and Gongola State
an amount equivalent to $11,700,000 or such other amount
as shall be allocated to Gongola State pursuant to
Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
     WHEREAS Gongola State, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) Gongola State declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, public health and
pharmaceutical practices. Gongola State shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
purpose and shall also duly perform all its obligations
under the Gongola State Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Gongola State shall
not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Gongola State Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
     (b)  Gongola State shall: (i) provide in its annual
budget amounts sufficient to cover Gongola State's
counterpart contributions to the costs of the Project;
(ii) open and maintain at a commercial or merchant bank
a project account (the Gongola State Project Account) to
be used exclusively for expenditures relating to the
Project; (iii) pay into the Gongola State Project Account
an initial amount (representing 25% of Gongola State's
counterpart contributions to the first year's project
costs) equivalent to Naira 700,000; and (iv) thereafter
pay each quarter into the Gongola State Project Account
(not later than the quarter immediately following the
quarter in which the Loan Agreement becomes effective)
the respective counterpart contributions of Gongola
State, adjusted to take account of any payments of the
initial amount specified above. The Borrower, the Bank
and Gongola State presently estimate the said counterpart
contributions to amount to $2,900,000 equivalent over the
Project period.
     (c)  Gongola State shall establish and thereafter
maintain for its hospitals and primary health facilities
a drug revolving fund (the Gongola State Drug Revolving
Fund) in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Bank.
     (d)  Gongola State shall: (i) for a period of one or
two years immediately following the Effective Date employ
any of the eligible merchant banks selected to
participate in the Project by the Borrower and Gongola
State to assist it in: (A) monitoring procurement of
goods and works under the Project; (B) providing advice
on the management and operations of the Gongola State
Page  3
Drug Revolving Fund; and (C) confirming every six months
to the Borrower, the Bank and Gongola State that there is
compliance with the disbursement conditions provided for
in the Loan Agreement; and (ii) employ any of the said
eligible merchant banks or a consulting firm to assist it
with financial systems development.
     Section 2.02. (a) Gongola State shall, at the
request of the Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with
the Borrower and the Bank with regard to the progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Gongola State Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  Gongola State shall promptly inform the
Borrower and the Bank of any condition which interferes
or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan,
or the performance by Gongola State of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Gongola State
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.03. Gongola State shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition) in respect of this Agreement and the
Project.
     Section 2.04. Gongola State shall carry out the
actions described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement to the
satisfaction of the Bank.
     Section 2.05. Except as the Borrower and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.06. Gongola State shall, for the purposes
of the Project, open and maintain in dollars in a
commercial or merchant bank a special account (the
Gongola State Special Account) on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Gongola State Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) Gongola State shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures of
the departments or agencies of Gongola State responsible
for carrying out the Project.
     (b)  Gongola State shall:
          (i)  have the accounts referred to in
               paragraph (a) of this Section (including
               the Gongola State Special Account) for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
Page  4
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements relating to the Project for
               such year as so audited and (B) the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of
               such scope and in such detail as the Bank
               shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements as
               well as the audit thereof, as the
               Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on behalf of
Gongola State on the basis of statements of expenditure,
Gongola State shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of Gongola State thereunder shall terminate
on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate
in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify Gongola State thereof.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
Page  5
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For Gongola State:
          The Honourable Commissioner for Health
          Ministry of Health
          P.M.B. 2078
          Yola, Gongola State
          Nigeria
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Gongola
State, may be taken or executed by the Honourable
Commissioner for Health or such other person or persons
as Gongola State shall designate in writing, and Gongola
State shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of
the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               GONGOLA STATE OF NIGERIA
Page  6
               By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
      Actions Referred to in Section 2.04 of this
                       Agreement
1.   Gongola State shall not revise its Essential Drugs
List (the Gongola State Essential Drugs List) more than
once every year.
2.   (a)  Gongola State undertakes that only drugs listed
on the Gongola State Essential Drugs List shall be
procured and financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
relent to Gongola State or the proceeds of the Gongola
State Drug Revolving Fund.
     (b)  Gongola State shall promptly pay into the
Gongola State Drug Revolving Fund amounts adequate to
cover the cost of drugs supplied by Gongola State to
patients exempt from paying for such drugs.
     (c)  Gongola State shall: (i) no later than
September 30 of 1990 and of each year thereafter furnish
to FMOH and the Bank in respect of the Project its work
program and budget for the Project year following the
year in which the work program and budget are furnished
to FMOH and the Bank; and (ii) no later than January 1,
1991 commence the following actions to assist the
hospitals and primary health facilities of Gongola State
and the Local Government Administrations in the effective
provision of drugs: (A) expand, renovate and equip the
State Central Medical Store (including installation of
adequate security); (B) carry out an initial review and
adaptation of the three basic procedure manuals on
procurement, supplies management, and cost recovery; (C)
carry out initial briefing of leadership groups on the
subject of Gongola State's essential drugs program and
the reasons for cost recovery and the workings of Gongola
State's Drug Revolving Fund; (D) develop materials for
the first phase of the public education campaign on
drugs; and (E) begin in-service training of health
workers in State and Local Government facilities
participating in Gongola State's essential drugs program.
                      SCHEDULE 2
             Gongola State Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) (c), (2) (c), (3) (c) and (4) (a) (iii) set forth in
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan
Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $900,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the Gongola State Special
Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Gongola State Special Account
Page  7
shall be made exclusively for eligible expenditures in
accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Gongola State Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Gongola State
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Gongola State Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Gongola State
               Special Account, the Borrower shall
               furnish to the Bank requests for deposits
               into the Gongola State Special Account at
               such intervals as the Bank shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Bank the documents and other evidence
               required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
               Schedule for the payment or payments in
               respect of which replenishment is
               requested. On the basis of each such
               request, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
               Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
               and deposit into the Gongola State
               Special Account such amount as the
               Borrower shall have requested and as
               shall have been shown by said documents
               and other evidence to have been made out
               of the Gongola State Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Gongola State Special Account, the Borrower shall, at
such time as the Bank shall reasonably request, furnish
to the Bank such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Gongola State Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the Loan
Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the
Page  8
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Gongola State
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Gongola State Special
Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in an amount
not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule;
(ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Bank: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank
may request; or (B) deposit into the Gongola State
Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request, refund
to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Bank into the Gongola State
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as
the case may be.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Gongola State Special
Account will not be required to cover further payments
for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank,
refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Gongola State Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Loan Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
2.   Bidders for contracts to manufacture or supply drugs
required under the Project shall be prequalified as
described in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Nigeria may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Page  9
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   (a)  All goods (other than drugs) and all works may
be procured by Gongola State under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
     (b)  All drugs procured by Gongola State estimated
to cost an amount equivalent to $60,000 or more but less
than $300,000 per bid package up to an aggregate amount
not to exceed $600,000 equivalent may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding
advertised locally in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Drugs required in health emergencies duly declared
by Federal or State authorities and items or groups of
items estimated to cost an amount equivalent to less than
$60,000 up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000
equivalent may be procured by Gongola State under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three local
or international suppliers eligible under the Guidelines,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.   The following items may be purchased by direct
contracting from original suppliers or sources in
accordance with paragraph 3.5 (b) and (c) of the
Guidelines: (i) books, journals and other items of a
proprietary nature obtainable only from one source; and
(ii) additional equipment compatible with existing
equipment and spare parts available from a sole source.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of prequalification:
     With respect to the prequalification of bidders as
provided in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to Gongola State and goods
estimated to cost per bid package: (A) $300,000 or more
equivalent for drugs; and (B) $100,000 or more equivalent
for goods (other than drugs) the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Gongola State Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Bank
pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Gongola State Special Account in
respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding subparagraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Gongola State Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraphs
(a) and
Page  10
(b) above, the first bidding documents prepared by
Gongola State under both local and international
competitive bidding procedures shall be subject to prior
review by the Bank.
     (d)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (a) (ii) of the Loan Agreement.
3.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist Gongola State in carrying out the
Project, Gongola State shall employ consultants
(including an eligible merchant bank or a consulting firm
referred to in Section 2.01 (d) of this Agreement) whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
