                                 ^a34^^'DV
                                     GET GRANT NUM ER TF 028657




Global Environment Trust Fund
       Grant Agreement

      (Biodivereity Collections Project)



                    between


             RSFOBLIC OF aIDONBSIA


                      and


     INTRIiW IIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                 AND DBVSIA'MEND

  acting as Trustee of the Global Environment
                  Trust Fund




      Dated                          1994
                                           GET GRANT NUMBER TF 028657


           GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT TRUST FUND GRANT AGREEMENT

      AGREEMENT, dated                S   1994, between REPUBLIC OF
INDONESIA (the Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT acting as Trustee of grant funds provided by
Participants of the Global Environment Facility into the Global
Environment Trust Fund (GET) (the Trustee).

      WHEREAS (A) the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (the Bank) pursuant to Resolution No. 91-5 of March 14,
1991, of the Executive Directors of the Bank (the Resolution),
established the Global Environment Facility consisting of the GET,
Cofinancing Arrangements with the GET and the Ozone Projects Trust
Fund, to assist in the protection of the global environment and
promote thereby environmentally sound and sustainable economic
development;

      WHEREAS (B) certain members of the Bank (the Participants)
have provided resources by way of grant into the GET and the
Participants have requested and the Bank has agreed, to administer
such grant funds as Trustee, for the purposes of, and in accordance
with, provisions of the Resolution;

      WHEREAS (C) the Recipient, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested assistance from the resources of the
GET in the financing of the Project, and the Trustee has determined
that such assistance would be in accordance with the provisions of
the Resolution; and

      WHEREAS (D) the Trustee has agreed,-on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the GET Grant to the Recipient upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                             ARTICLE I

                  General Conditions; Definitions

      Section 1.01. (a) The following provisions of the General
Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements of the Bank,
dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in paragraph
(b) of this Section (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement:





                                      -2-


U)                    Article I;

            (ii)      Sections 2.01 (1) , (2), (3), (4), (6), (8), (9),
                      (10), (11), (15), (18) and (20), 2.02 and 2.03;

            (iii)     Section 3.01;

            (iv)      Section 4.01 and , the first sentence of
                      Section 4.09;

             (v)      Article V;

            (vi)      Sections 6.01, 6.02 (a) , (c) , (d), (e), (f), (i)
                      and (k), 6.03, 6.04 and 6.06;

           (vii)      Section 8.01 (b);

           (viii)     Sections 9.01 (a) and (c), 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
                      9.07, 9.08 and 9.09;

            (ix)      Sections 10.01, 10.03 and 10.04; and

             (x)      Article XI.

     (b)     The General Conditions shall be modified as follows:

             (i)      a new paragraph shall be added to the end of
                      Section 2.01 to" read as follows: the term
                      "Special Drawing Rights and the symbol "SD"
                                               ,,

                      mean special drawing rights as valued by the
                      International Monetary_ Fund in accordance with
                      its Articles of Agreement";

            (ii)      the term "Bank", wherever used in the General
                      Conditions, other than in Sections 2.01 (8) and
                      6.02 (f) thereof and the last use of such term in
                      Section 5.01 thereof, means the Trustee except
                      that in Section 6.02, the term "Bank" shall also
                      include the international Bank for Reconstruction
                      and Development acting in its own capacity;

           (iii)      the term "Borrower", wherever used in the General
                      Conditions, means the Recipient;
                                - 3 -


            (iv)    the term "Loan Agreement", wherever used in the
                    General Conditions, means this Agreement;

              (v)   the term "Loan" and "loan" wherever used in the
                    General Conditions, means the GET Grant;

           (vi)     the term "Loan Account" wherever used in the
                    General Conditions, means the GET Grant Account;
                    and

          (vii)     a new sub-paragraph shall be added after sub-
                    paragraph (j) in Section 6.02 of the General
                    Conditions as follows: "An extraordinary
                    situation shall have arisen in which any further
                    disbursement under the grant would exceed the
                    resources available for disbursement from the
                    GET."

       Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Recitals to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:

     (a)   "Fiscal Year" means the Recipient's fiscal year
commencing April 1 and ending March 31;

      (b)    "PPPH" means the Recipient's Pusat Penelitian dan
Penaembanaan Bioloogi, the Research and Development Center for
Biology of the Indonesian Institute of Sciences; and

      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.


                             ARTICLE II

                            The GET Grant

      Section 2.01. The Trustee agrees to make available to the
Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
this Agreement, the GET Grant in an amount in various currencies
equivalent to five million one hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 5,100,000).
                               -4-


      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the GET Grant may be withdrawn
from the GET Grant Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Trustee shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for carrying out the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the GET Grant.

       (b) The Recipient shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in United States dollars a special deposit account
in Bank Indonesia (its Central Bank) or in a commercial bank, on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Trustee, including
appropriate protection against set off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of schedule 5 to this
Agreement.

      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be October 31, 2000, or
such later date as the Trustee shall establish. The Trustee shall
promptly notify the Recipient of such later date.

                            ARTICLE III

                     Execution of the Project

      Section 3.01. (a) The Recipient declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through
PPPB with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and curatorial practices and
with due regard to ecological and environmental factors, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, -facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.

       (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this section and except as the Recipient and the Trustee shall
otherwise agree, the Recipient shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.

      Section 3.02. Except as the Trustee shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the GET
Grant shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
                               - 5 -


                            ARTICLE IV

                        Financial Covenants

      Section 4.01. (a) The Recipient shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Recipient responsible for carrying out the Project
or any part thereof.

      (b) The Recipient shall:

            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for the Special Account, for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Trustee;

           (ii)   furnish to the Trustee as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  and of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Trustee shall have reasonably
                  requested; and

          (iii) furnish to the Trustee such other information
                 concerning said records and accounts and the
                 audit thereof as the Trustee shall from time to
                 time reasonably request,

       (c) For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the GET Grant Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Recipient shall:

            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;

           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Trustee
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the GET Grant
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                               - 6 -


                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;

          (iii)   enable the Trustee's representatives to examine
                  such records; and

           (iv)   ensure that such records and account's are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.


                             ARTICLE V

                    Effectiveness; Termination

      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall enter into effect on the
date upon which the Trustee is satisfied that the Agreement is fully
executed and the Trustee has dispatched to the Recipient the notice
of effectiveness.

      Section 5.02. This Agreement shall continue in effect until
the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled all their obligations
hereunder.


                            ARTICLE VI

            Representative of the Recipient; Addresses

      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Recipient is
designated as representative of the Recipient for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.





                                  -7-


         Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
   purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:

         For the Recipient:

               Ministry of Finance
               C/o Directorate General of Budget
               Jalan Lapangan Banteng Timur 2-4
               P. 0. Box 2458
               Jakarta, 10710
               Indonesia

               Cable address:                   Telex:

                    FINMINISTRY                      45799 DJMLN-IA
                    Jakarta                          44319 DEPKEU-IA


         For the Trustee:

               International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
               1818 H Street, N.W.
               Washington, D.C. 20433
               United States of America

               Cable address:                   Telex:

                   INTBAFRAD                         197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.                  248423 (RCA),
                                            -        64145 (WUI) or
                                                     82987 (FTCC)
                                - 8 -




      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Washington, District of
Columbia, as of the day and year first above written.



                 REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA



                 By
                               Authorized Representative



                 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                   AND DEVELOPMENT as rustee of
                      the Global Envi ., men Trust Fund




                 By
                          "-- Director
                               Country Depar^ t III
                               East Asia and Pacific Region





                                   - 9 -


                                 SC EMULE 1

              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the GET Grant

   1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
   financed out of the proceeds of the GET Grant, the allocation of the
   amounts of the GET Grant to each Category and the percentage of
   expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:

                                 Amount of the
                              GET Grant Allocated              % of
                                 (Expressed in             Expenditures
        CateaorY                SDR Equivalent)        to be Financed


   (1) Civil works                     60,000        85%


   (2) Equipment, furniture         1,220,000       100t of foreign
       and materials                                expenditures,
                                                    100t of local
                                                    expenditures
                                                     (ex- factory
                                                    cost) and 65%
                                                    of local
                                                    expenditures
                                                    for other items
                                                    procured locally

   (3) Research grants                 60,000        100%


   (4) Training                     2,480,000        100%

   (5) Allowances, honoraria,         680,000        85%
       and wages of con-
       tractual employees

   (6) Consultants'                   390,000        100%
       services

   (7) Unallocated                    210,000
       (except Category 3)

            TOTAL                   5,100,000
                               - 10 -


2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:

      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Recipient for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Recipient; and

      (b)    the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Recipient or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Recipient.

3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures:

      (a)   prior to the date of this Agreement; and

      (b)    in respect of Categories (2) and (3), until the Trustee
has received evidence, satisfactory to the Trustee, that (i) the
Recipient has employed a consulting firm, in accordance with Section
TI of Schedule 3 to this Agreement, to carry out the technical
assistance and the specialized training under the Project; and (ii)
the Recipient has employed the Project management specialist and the
financial management specialist referred to in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

4.    The Trustee may require withdrawals from the GET Grant Account
to be made on the basis of statements of expenditures under
contracts for goods and works not exceeding $200,000 equivalent,
contracts for the employment of consulting firms not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent, and contracts for the employment of individual
consultants not exceeding $50,000, under such terms and conditions
as the Trustee shall specify by notice to the Recipient.

5.    If the Trustee shall have determined at any time that any
payment made from the GET Grant Account was used for any expenditure
not consistent with the provisions of this Agreement, the Recipient
shall, promptly upon notice from the Trustee, refund to the Trustee
for deposit into the GET Grant Account, an amount equal to the
amount so used or the portion thereof as specified by the Trustee.
                               - 11 -



                            SCS^ULE 2

                    Description of the Project

      The objectives of the Project are to strengthen the capacity
of the Recipient's PPPB to support systematic collections and to
make systematic information available to external clients.

      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Recipient and the Trustee may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:

PART A: Project Management and Coordination

1.    Establishment of a steering committee, a Project management
committee, a Project implementation unit, a user advisory group, and
a technical advisory group. Provision of technical assistance,
equipment, furniture and supplies; and renovation of office space.

2.    Establishment of a grants program and provision of grants
-thereunder for systematic research and genetic resource
conservation.

3.    Carrying out of planning, policy and evaluation studies,
including a financing strategy study.

4.    Provision of short-term advisors (including environmental
health and safety advisors) and short-term trainers. Provision of
language training and Project-related workshops for staff of PPPB,
including provision of training materials and supplies.

PART B : Systematic Collections and Research in Botany and Zoology

1_   Human Resource Development

      Provision of about eighteen graduate-level scholarships in
systematic biology, and about eleven overseas work-study and local
management training programs for collection managers, and provision
of on-the-job training in curation, taxa identification, field
collecting and user product development for managers, scientists,
interns and curational assistants.
                               - 12 -


2.    Collections Restoration and Development

      Renovation and expansion of specimen storage facilities,
upgrading of scientific organization of collections, and restoration
of deteriorating specimens, through building renovations, provision
of furniture and supplies, and employment of about forty temporary
staff.

3.    Research Facilities

      Upgrading of research facilities for systematic biology,
including building renovation and provision of essential scientific
literature, equipment and supplies.

4.    Publications and Products

      Development of an illustrated technical glossary, a
computerized bibliography of written reference materials, a
computerized gazetteer, a database and handbooks covering specific
taxa, national park field guides (including a field guide for Gunung
Halimun National Park), and a specimen identification service.

PART C: Information Systems Mapagement

      Establishment of a computer database and a local area network
capable of basic specimen data entry, automated label production,
collections management functions, and dissemination of information,
including provision of equipment, furniture, supplies, computer
hardware and software, technical assistance, and overseas work-study
programs.

PART D: Scientific Collaboration and Services

      Strengthening PPPB's capacity to manage collaborative
research, client services and training programs through provision of
technical assistance, office equipment, furniture and supplies.



     The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 2000.
                                 - 13 -


                             SCFISLIULE 3

               Procurement and Consultants' Services

Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works

        Procurement Procedures

1.    Scientific and curational equipment and supplies shall be
procured under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
invited from at least three qualified suppliers eligible under the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).

2.    Civil works shall be carried out- under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Trustee.

3.     (a)  Except as provided in paragraph (b) below, computer
equipment, office equipment, training equipment and curation
furniture shall be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Trustee.

       (b)   Computer equipment, 'office equipment,          training
equipment, scientific equipment, furniture, and materials, estimated
to cost less than the equivalent of $20,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $200,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Trustee.

Part B: Review by the Trustee of Procurement Decision

1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:

       (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special





                                  - 14 -


   Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
   conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
   Trustee pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
   Trustee prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
   Account in respect of such contract.

          (b) With respect to each contract not governed by the
   preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
   of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
   contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
   shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
   contract together with the other information required to be
   furnished to the Trustee pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
   furnished to the Trustee as part of the evidence to be furnished
   pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

          (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
   not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the GET
   Grant Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
   expenditure.

   2.    The figure of 15t is hereby specified for purposes of
   paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.

   Section II. Emnlovment of Consultants

   1.    in order to assist the Recipient in carrying out the Project,
   the Recipient shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
   experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
   satisfactory to the Trustee. Such consultants shall be selected in
   accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
   Trustee on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants
   by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
   published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).
   For complex, time-based assignments, the Recipient shall employ such
   consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract for
   consultants' services issued by the Trustee, with such modifications
   as shall have been agreed by the Trustee. where no relevant standard
   contract documents have been issued by the Trustee, the Recipient
   shall use other standard forms agreed with the Trustee.
                               - 15 -



2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Trustee
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to (a) contracts for the employment of consulting
firms estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b)
contracts for the employment of individuals estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Trustee review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for
such contracts, (b) single source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by the
Trustee, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent
or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the employment of
individual consultants raising the contract value to $50,000
equivalent or above.
                               - 16 -


                             ScHEDtTL 4

                      Implementation Program

1.    In carrying out Part A.1 of the Project, the Recipient shall:

      (a) determine the composition of the membership in the
steering committee, Project management committee, and user advisory
group in accordance with criteria acceptable to the Trustee; and

       (b) employ specialists in Project management and financial
management to assist the Project implementation unit.

2.    The Recipient shall provide grants under Part A.2 of the
Project in accordance with procedures and criteria acceptable to the
Trustee.

3.    In carrying out Part A.3 of the Project, the Recipient shall,
not later than September 30, 1997, carry out the financial strategy
study and prepare a report on collections data access policies, and,
thereafter, furnish the recommendations of the study and the report
to the Trustee for comments. -

4.    In carrying out Part 8.1 of the Project, the Recipient shall:

      (a) select programs and candidates for scholarships in
accordance with criteria and procedures acceptable to the Trustee;
and

       (b) ensure that recipients of training are offered
appropriate positions in PPPB, for a minimum of three years, where
full use is made of the training obtained.

5.    In carrying out Part 3.2 of the Project, the Recipient shall:

       (a) cause specimens to be stabilized as necessary before
being moved to new cabinets or different buildings; and

       (b) take all measures necessary to have the zoological
collections rehoused in improved facilities not later than March 31,
1998.
                               - 17 -



6.    The Recipient shall, not later than April 30, 1995, prepare,
in consultation with the environmental health and safety advisors,
an environmental health and safety action plan for the carrying out
of the activities of PPPB, and furnish such action plan to the
Trustee for comments, and, thereafter carry out such action plan
taking into account the comments of the Trustee.

7.    The Recipient shall take all measures necessary to ensure that
the collection of specimens from the wild shall be carried out with
full regard to the need to conserve rare and endangered species, and
in accordance with the Convention on International Trade in
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora and the Recipient's
applicable laws and regulations, including Act No. 5 of 1990,
Conservation of Living Resources and Their Ecosystems, as amended
from time to time.

8. without limitations to Section 9.07 of the General Conditions,
the Recipient shall:

      (a) not later than March 31, 1995, prepare, in consultation
with the steering committee and the user advisory group, and
furnish to the Trustee, a Project work plan and a format for the
Project progress reports, acceptable to the Trustee;

       (b) not later than April 30 and October 31 in each year,
commencing April 30, 1995, and until completion of the Project,
furnish to the Trustee a semi-annual Project progress report,
including an evaluation of the performance of PPPB staff and
consultants under the Project;

       (c) not later than September 30 in each year, commencing
September 30, 1995, and until completion of the Project, prepare and
furnish to the Trustee for comments, the annual Project work plan
and cost estimates for the following Fiscal Year, and, thereafter,
carry out the annual Project work plan taking into account the
comments of the Trustee;

       (d) not later than December 31 in each year, commencing
December 31, 1995, and until completion of the Project, prepare and
furnish to the Trustee for comments, the budget proposals for the
annual Project work plan for the following Fiscal Year, taking into
account the cost estimates referred to in sub-paragraph (c) above;
and
                              - 18 -



       (e)  not later than December 31, 1997, carry out a mid-term
review of the Project, taking into account the recommendations of
the financial strategy study and the report on collections data
access policies; furnish the recommendations of the mid-term review
to the Trustee for comments; and, thereafter, carry out the
recommendations of the mid-term review, taking into account the
comments of the Trustee.





                                  - i9 -


                                SDtJI S

                             Special Account

   1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:

          (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
   through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule I to
   this Agreement;

          (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
   respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
   the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the GET Grant
   allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
   with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and

          (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation"     means an amount
   equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the GET Grant Account
   and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
   of this Schedule.

   2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
   for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
   Schedule.

   3.    After the Trustee has received evidence satisfactory to it
   that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
   Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
   Special Account shall be made as follows:

          (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized - Allocation, the
   Recipient shall furnish to the Trustee a request or requests for a
   deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
   Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
   Trustee shall, on behalf of the Recipient, withdraw from the GET
   Grant Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
   amounts as the Recipient shall have requested.

         (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                     Recipient shall furnish to the Trustee requests
                     for deposits into the Special Account at such
                     intervals as the Trustee shall specify.
                               - 20 -


             (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Recipient shall furnish to the Trustee the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Trustee shall, on behalf of the Recipient,
                  withdraw from the GET. Grant Account and deposit
                  into the Special Account such amount as the
                  Recipient shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of the Special Account for
                  eligible expenditures. All such deposits shall be
                  withdrawn by the Trustee from the GET Grant
                  Account under the respective eligible Categories,
                  and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
                  shall have been justified by said documents and
                  other evidence.

4.     For each payment made by the Recipient out of the Special
Account, the Recipient shall, at such time as the Trustee shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Trustee such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.

5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Trustee shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:           '

       (a) if, at any time, the Trustee shall have determined that
all further withdrawals should be made by the Recipient directly
from the GET Grant Account in accordance with the provisions of
Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
2.02 of this Agreement; or

       (b) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the GET Grant
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Trustee pursuant
to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the
Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.

Thereafter, withdrawal from the GET Grant Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the GET Grant allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Trustee shall specify
"The original is a PDF file with no Text. We were not able to OCR and extract the Text. Error:PDF01"
