Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3816 LT
                             Project Agreement
                      (Klaipeda Environment Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                  KLAIPEDA STATE WATER SUPPLY ENTERPRISE
                          Dated January 27, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3816 LT
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 27, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and KLAIPEDA
STATE WATER SUPPLY ENTERPRISE (KSWSE).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Lithuania (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to seven million dollars
($7,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that KSWSE agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS KSWSE, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to
this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                    Execution of Part A of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) KSWSE declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, environmental and
water management practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and KSWSE shall
otherwise agree, KSWSE shall carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. KSWSE shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) KSWSE shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Loan.
      (b)   KSWSE shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by KSWSE of its obligations under this
Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) KSWSE shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts, adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Part A of the Project,
of the departments or agencies of KSWSE responsible for
carrying out Part A of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   KSWSE shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
Page  3
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and
                  the audit thereof as the Bank shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                              Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) KSWSE shall:
      (a)   take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice;
      (b)   carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, environmental
and water management practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times operate and maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
environmental and water management practices.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, KSWSE shall produce for each of its fiscal years after
its fiscal year ending on December 31, 1994, total revenues
equivalent to not less than the sum of its (i) total operating
expenses; (ii) debt service requirements; and (iii) provision
for non-cash items, including maintenance and replacement
costs.
      (b)   Before April 1 in each of its fiscal years, KSWSE
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by KSWSE and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in Section 4.02 (a) of this Agreement in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and
shall furnish to the Bank the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that KSWSE would not meet
the requirements set forth in Section 4.02 (a) for the fiscal
year of KSWSE covered by such review, KSWSE shall promptly take
all necessary measures (including, without limitation,
adjustments to the structure or levels of tariffs) in order to
meet such requirements.
      Section 4.03. Subject to the provisions of Section 4.02,
KSWSE shall, by January 1, 1996, carry out and furnish to the
Bank and the Borrower for review and comments a tariff study
for the purposes of determining the adjustments needed to: (i)
the level of tariffs to ensure full cost recovery and debt
servicing by KSWSE; (ii) the structure of the tariffs to
improve the economic efficiency of KSWSE, including
recommendations inter alia for: (A) a timetable for tariff
adjustment to provide at least that the recommended tariff
level is achieved by March 31, 1999; and (B) adjustments for
inflation of such tariffs until completion of the Project to
ensure the financial viability of KSWSE and KSWSE's ability to
carry out the investment program.
Page  4
      Section 4.04. KSWSE shall not enter into any contract or
arrangement for the administration, operation and maintenance
of its water and wastewater services without the prior approval
of the Bank.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of KSWSE thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify KSWSE thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For KSWSE:
            Klaipeda State Water and Wastewater Enterprise
            Rysininku Str. 11
            5800 Klaipeda
            Republic of Lithuania
                                          Telex:
                                            278221 AKVA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of KSWSE may be taken
or executed by the Director or such other person or persons as
the Director shall designate in writing, and KSWSE shall
furnish to the Bank suffient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
Page  5
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ B. Kavalsky
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                  KLAIPEDA STATE WATER SUPPLY ENTERPRISE
                  By /s/ E. Vilkelis
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines) and
in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
C.1(a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, KSWSE shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes
of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents
have been issued by the Bank, KSWSE shall use bidding documents
Page  6
based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works
shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or less per contract, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at least
three different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part C:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist KSWSE in the implementation of Part A
of the Project, KSWSE shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
For complex, time-based assignments, KSWSE shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, KSWSE shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
                                SCHEDULE 2
Page  7
                          Implementation Program
1.    KSWSE shall cause the PIU to coordinate and supervise the
execution of Part A of the Project, including the preparation
and submission to the Bank of periodic progress and Project
completion reports.
2.    KSWSE shall carry out a twinning arrangement, on the basis
of a program satisfactory to the Bank, with a water and
wastewater utility satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    KSWSE shall:
      (a)   carry out Part A of the Project in accordance with an
implementation schedule and performance indicators for said
Part A of the Project agreed with the Bank;
      (b)   monitor said performance indicators;
      (c)   report to the Borrower and the Bank on a semiannual
basis, starting on October 1, 1995, on KSWSE's actual
performance measured by said performance indicators;
      (d)   exchange views with the Bank on an annual basis on
KSWSE's performance measured by the respective indicators and
on  corrective measures to be taken in the following calendar
year; and
      (e)   make adjustments in said performance indicators as
agreed with the Bank for the following calendar year.
