Report No. PID8780
Project Name                     Albania-Public Administration Reform Project
Region                           Europe and Central Asia Region
Sector                           Institutional Development
Project ID                       ALPE69939
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF ALBANIA
Implementing Agency
PRIME MINISTER OF ALBANIA
Unit for Project Implementation,
Prime Minister's Office
Blvd. "Deshmoret e Kombit"
Contact Person: Mirsa Titka,
Unit Director
Tel: (355-42) 25982
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                March 6, 2000
Projected Appraisal Date         December 1999
Projected Board Date             March 21, 2000
1. Country and Sector Background
Effective governance requires institutions capable of both formulating and
implementing public policies as well as engendering legitimacy of those
institutions and the policies they establish. Such institutions must
respond to the demands of the citizenry and elicit the collaboration of
that citizenry in the design and implementation of those policies. They
must provide credible benefits to the citizenry in a way that is
recognizably fair, responsive and equitable. Moreover, they must do so
within the financial and human resource constraints of Albania's economy
and public sector. Public institutions for ensuring such governance
capacities include: (i) those that formulate and coordinate policies and
laws (including Parliament, the Council of Ministers, the Ministry of
Finance, the Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Trade, the Ministry of
Justice, as well as certain elements of all line Ministries); (ii) those
that ensure the rule of law (the Ministry of Justice, the Judiciary, the
Public Prosecutor and the police forces, among others); (iii) those whose
responsibilities are to ensure transparent, accountable and effective
management of public resources (the Council of Ministers, the Ministry of
Finance, the Department of Public Administration, the soon to be created
Civil Service Commission, the Supreme Audit Institution, to name the most
obvious); (iv) those who are charged with implementing particular
policies and programs (e.g., line Ministries, autonomous and
semi-autonomous budget institutions, regulatory agencies, local
governments, etc.); as well as (v) those responsible for providing
avenues of redress should citizens or public officials have reason to
question whether the public institutions are meeting their mandates (e.g.,
elected officials, the newly created Ombudsman, the Judiciary, the
Judicial Inspectors' Office of the High Council of Justice, and the soon
to be created Civil Service Commission).The Government's strategy for
strengthening the public institutions required for more effective



governance addresses all five of these types of public institutions:
policy formulation and coordination, ensuring the rule of law, public
administration, policy and program implementation, and redress. Policy
formulation and coordinationIn order to make policy formulation and
coordination more rational and more responsive to the priorities of the
citizenry, the Government's institutional and public administration reform
strategy includes three major initiatives: (a) strengthening of the
functioning of the Council of Ministers; (b) taking initial steps toward
building capacity to systematically monitor the impacts of policies and
programs mandated under acts of Parliament, including the annual budget;
and (c) establishing guidelines and providing technical assistance to line
Ministries and other public institutions charged with implementing
particular programs and policies, designed to help those organizational
units to enhance citizen involvement in the design and delivery of public
programs and services. Strengthening of the Council of Ministers will be
based on a recently completed functional review of the Council of
Ministers (CoM). It will focus on (i) rationalizing the management of the
policy formulation processes within the CoM, (ii) building stable
professional capacity within the CoM to provide systematic analyses of
policy issues and tradeoffs raised by legislative and policy proposals,
and (iii) providing technical assistance to the CoM to assist it in
reviewing and implementing the recommendations of the functional review
completed in March 1999.Taking initial steps to build capacity to
systematically monitor the impacts of policies and programs will be
accomplished through: (i) undertaking a pilot donor-led survey of public
officials aimed, in the first instance, at identifying and publicizing
impacts of the institutional and public administration reform process, and
(ii) repeating that survey during the third year of project execution,
albeit with the Government taking primary responsibility for the execution
of that survey, with close supervision by the World Bank, and publicizing
the results, particularly in comparison to the results of the original
survey. Enhancing citizen-responsiveness of budget institutions is being
accomplished by: (i) creation and strengthening of an independent
Ombudsman (People's Advocate) reporting directly to Parliament (see
"Redress" below); (ii) creating capacity within the Department of Public
Administration to establish guidelines and provide technical assistance to
budget institutions on enhancing the citizen-responsiveness of their
organizations (see "Policy and Program Implementation" below) ; (iii)
support to line Ministries in developing sector strategies that explicitly
address means by which their policy and program implementation efforts can
be made more participative (see "Policy and Program Implementation"
below).Public administrationOn public administration, the CAS identifies
the need to restore and build trust in the government as the main
priority. The more recent Country Economic Memorandum stresses two key
issues that must be addressed in order to build such trust: accountability
and public administration capacity. The Government's strategy for
strengthening its public administration addresses these weaknesses through
two inter-related sets of interventions: (a) strengthening public
financial management, including the management of both public expenditures
and revenues; and (b) strengthening human resource management.
Strengthening of public financial management is being accomplished by
strengthening core public financial management units (Ministry of Finance,
Supreme Audit Institute, Procurement Directorate within the Office of the
Prime Minister) as well as the financial management units within each line
agency (e.g., budget departments within line Ministries). Strengthening
-2 -



of the Ministry of Finance includes its public expenditure management
functions (budget formulation and execution, macroeconomic
forecasting/modeling, treasury and cash management, accounting, internal
auditing), its revenue administration functions (tax and customs), as well
as strengthening of its own internal management capacities. On the
public expenditure management side of this work, with the support of the
EU/PHARE, the Government prepared and Parliament recently enacted a New
Organic Budget Law (NOBL) (Law No. 8379, dated 29 July 1998). EU/PHARE is
providing a long-term adviser and other support to help implement that
NOBL. The IMF has also provided assistance through its Fiscal Affairs
Department. Substantial assistance will be provided through this PAR
project consistent with the strategic context laid out in the ongoing
Public Expenditure and Instituional Review (PEIR), whose main objective is
to strengthen the strategic focus in the budget management process by
initiating a medium term expenditure framework (MTEF). The assistance
given through this project will support the PEIR program by addresing each
of the public expenditure management functions within the Ministry of
Finance (budget formulation and execution, macroeconomic
forecasting/modeling, treasury and cash management, accounting) as well as
internal management capacities, including internal audit. It will focus
on enhancing transparency, accountability and predictability of public
expenditure management practices. On the revenue administration side, the
Government has and continues to receive considerable assistance through
the Customs Administration Mission (CAM), financed largely by the Italian
Government and the EU. A new Customs Law resulted from this assistance
recently (January 1999, subsequently amended, put into force May 15,
1999). In addition, the CAM-supported reforms are making substantial
improvements in both the management and performance of the Customs
Department. Tax administration modernization is being supported by an
existing IDA-financed Tax Administration Modernization Project
(TAMP).Strengthening of the Supreme Audit Institute is being supported
under the EU/PHARE State Institutions and Public Administration Reform
(SIPAR) programme. That programme supported the formulation of provisions
in the recently approved Constitution creating an independent Supreme
Audit Institute (SAI) reporting directly to the Parliament. SIPAR
includes an extensive program of assistance to help the SAI to provide
probative, reliable and timely external audits by: (i) building its
external audit capacities through implementing audit standards and
methods, (ii) modernizing the SAI's audit technologies (e.g.,
computerization, power supply backup), and (iii) improving its relations
with Parliament, to whom it reports. At a later date, support for
building performance auditing capacities within the SAI will be
considered, but the initial priority is to bring conventional financial
auditing capacities up to modern standards.Strengthening of the
Procurement Directorate is being supported both through the SIPAR
programme and through technical assistance provided by World Bank
missions. Primary foci of that support include: (i) revision of the
existing public procurement law; (ii) development and dissemination of
detailed regulations, guidelines, forms, etc. governing public procurement
procedures and practices; (iii) strengthening of the oversight capacities
of the Procurement Directorate; and (iv) establishing the capacity and
practice within the Procurement Directorate to prepare and disseminate
periodic reports on the quantity and quality of public procurements. This
project will continue and build on this assistance.Strengthening of public
sector human resource management will be addressed in two major stages:
-3 -



civil service reform and broader public sector human resource management
reform. The first stage aims to create the managerial and professional
nucleus required to lead any serious efforts to improve the accountability
and performance of public institutions. The second stage will address the
larger body of public employees who must also be productive and
accountable for their work if public policies, programs and services are
to be delivered reliably and cost-effectively. While stage two will
largely follow and build on stage one, work on broader public sector human
resource management reform is expected to commence before the civil
service reform process is complete. In addition, stage two interventions
will be more varied across sectors, as some of the larger sectors (e.g.,
education, health care) will require unique legal frameworks. Finally,
the Government aims to integrate its stage two interventions into
sector-specific modernization processes, which will introduce additional
variability in the timing and design of stage two reforms across
sectors.Civil service reform will be addressed by: (i) implementing the
new Civil Service Law, so as to lay a firmer foundation for an
independent, merit-based, competitively recruited, career civil service
protected by adequate redress; (ii) creating an independent Civil Service
Commission, with centralized responsibility to create a professional,
merit-based, highly skilled, depoliticized civil service protected by
adequate redress; (iii) strengthening the capacity of the Department of
Public Administration to support that Civil Service Commission as well as
to support more professional human resource management throughout the
public sector; (iv) revising policies governing the conditions of
employment, including salary structures within the civil service; (v)
strengthening central payroll and personnel monitoring capacities within
the Department of Public Administration; (vi) strengthening training
capacities for civil servants; (vii) monitoring the impacts of civil
service reforms; and (viii) providing the Council of Ministers with
periodic, and at least annual, assessments of those impacts and
recommendations for further improving civil service and human resource
management performance. As part of the strategy for implementing these
civil service reforms, the Government will require line ministries to
undertake administrative and organizational changes aimed at streamlining
and improving their performance. This will be supported by activities
aimed at: (i) establishing guidelines and standards for organizational
structures and staffing to meet common function requirements (policy
formulation and coordination, financial management, human resource
management, accountability for meeting policy and program objectives);
(ii) clarifying policy and program objectives of the organizational units
encompassed by a functional review and identifying means by which the
Ministry could regularly monitor, evaluate and report on progress in
achieving those objectives; (iii) aligning the functions of the Ministry
to those appropriate for a market-oriented economy, consistent with
Constitutional obligations and social priorities, and eliminating
inappropriate functions; and (iv) providing recommendations on steps the
Ministry could take to improve its accountability and performance in
achieving program and policy objectives within its mandate in a more
cost-effective and citizen-responsive manner (e.g., through process
re-engineering). This process has begun with the Council of Ministers,
the public expenditure management elements of the Ministry of Finance, the
Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Local Government. Broader public
sector human resource management reform will build on both the experience
and the enhanced human resources resulting from the civil service reform
- 4 -



process. This stage of the Government's public sector human resource
management strategy will involve six major elements: (i) revising the
legal framework governing non-civil-service positions so as to enhance
transparency, competitive forces, accountability and redress, but without
necessarily creating the career system envisioned for the civil service;
(ii) strengthening the capacity of central authorities, particularly the
Department of Public Administration, to provide oversight and technical
assistance for human resource management functions exercised by budgetary
institutions; (iii) strengthening human resource management capacities
within budgetary units; (iv) revising salary structures for
non-civil-service positions and/or establishing regulatory frameworks and
oversight capacity within which budget institutions may improve non-civil
service salaries within a hard wage bill constraint subject to meeting
agreed conditions (e.g., on management accountability); (v) monitoring the
impacts of these broader public sector human resource management reforms;
and (vi) providing the Department of Public Administration and, in turn,
the Council of Ministers with periodic, and at least annual, assessments
of those impacts and recommendations for further improving overall human
resource management performance throughout the public sector.Policy and
program implementationImproving policy and program implementation will
require sector-specific strategies and interventions, which will more
often than not benefit from active donor support and expertise. To ensure
that the Government's institutional and public administration reform
strategy will complement those sector-specific reforms, the following
principles will guide concerted sector-specific reform initiatives aimed
at significantly and sustainably improving the implementation or delivery
of policies, programs and services within a given sector:Establish
partnerships with independent, highly qualified and strongly motivated
teams of experts and change agents (e.g., provided through donors or NGOs)
when concerted efforts are launched to systematically and sustainably
improve the implementation of a given sector's policies and programs
(e.g., education, health, infrastructure, social services, etc.).Before
launching any concerted program, policy or service delivery reform
initiative, prepare a reform strategy for the sector, which addresses,
among other issues, the following design elements:Objectives: Establish
clear objectives, including means of regularly monitoring and assessing
the extent to which those objectives are being achieved.Partnership:
Identify means of ensuring active involvement, even to the point of full
partnership, with the intended beneficiaries of the programs, policies or
services in both the design and operation of the delivery system (e.g., in
the design and operation of schools, health clinics, etc.).Management:
Identify means of ensuring adequate management systems and capacities
(e.g., financial management, personnel management, performance monitoring
and reporting).Marketing: Identify means of ensuring widespread
dissemination of information to intended beneficiaries that will help to
increase their awareness of the services and service provision standards
they should expect, how they can access those services, as well as the
resources that are being spent on providing those services, so that they
will be in a position to hold the providing agency accountable.Feedback
and redress: Identify means by which intended beneficiaries can provide
feedback and seek redress, particularly if posted service provision
standards are not met.Coordinate the overall public administration reform
effort with sector-specific reform initiatives. This would
include:Concentrate efforts to strengthen public expenditure management
capacities within a sectoral Ministry in the early stages of a
- 5 -



sector-specific reform effort.Target civil service positions within a
sectoral Ministry undertaking a program, policy or service provision
reform effort during the early stages of that sector-specific reform
effort.Employ the functional review of the sectoral Ministry, when
available, as a means of launching important aspects of the
sector-specific reform effort, particularly the specification of
objectives and their monitoring and establishing adequate management
systems and capacities.The Department of Public Administration, the
Ministry of Finance and the Office of the Prime Minister will provide
technical assistance and oversight of the Government's effort to effect
these policy and program implementation reform guidelines. The Department
of Public Administration will take direct responsibility for ensuring
coordination of the Government's overall public administration reform
process with sector-specific reform initiatives. Technical assistance
provided under the PAR project will assist the Department of Public
Administration, the Ministry of Finance and the Office of the Prime
Minister to establish the capacities to meet this mandate.Redress/Citizen
VoiceThe final dimension of the Government's overall institutional and
public administration reform strategy is providing avenues of redress
should citizens or public officials have reason to question whether the
public institutions are meeting their mandates (e.g., elected officials,
the newly created Ombudsman, the Judiciary, the Judicial Inspectors'
Office of the High Council of Justice, and the soon to be created Civil
Service Commission). This complements the previous four dimensions,
providing one more means of ensuring that the Government and its public
administration does not lose touch with its clients -- the citizenry.
Major elements of the Government's strategy for improving redress
include:Direct citizen redress: (i) Creation and strengthening of an
independent "People's Advocate" or ombudsman      (January 28, 1999), to
respond to concerns raised by individual citizens about the performance of
the public administration and its representatives; (ii) creation of
capacity to systematically monitor citizens' perceptions of the impacts of
policies and programs (see "Policy Formulation and Coordination" above);
and (iii) creation (through the sector-specific reform initiatives
discussed above) of avenues by which intended beneficiaries of particular
policies, programs or public services can directly appeal to the public
agency responsible for delivering or implementing that policy, program or
public service should the citizen be dissatisfied with the agency's or its
representatives' performance.Legal redress: Strengthening of the
Judiciary, including creation and strengthening of the Judicial
Inspectors' Office of the High Council of Justice (see above), to meet
citizens' needs for legal redress.Administrative redress for public
officials: Creation and strengthening of an independent Civil Service
Commission, to provide, among other functions, administrative redress when
public employees have reason to question the fairness or legitimacy of
personnel actions within the public administration.Elements of each of
these objectives will be supported under the PAR project, under the Legal
and Judicial Reform Project, as well as by assistance provided by other
donors.
2. Objectives
The Government of Albania has adopted a comprehensive policy reform
program to strengthen Albania's weak institutional and governance
capacity. This policy reform program is being supported by a Structural
Adjustment Credit, which was approved by the Bank in June of 1999. The
- 6 -



overall objective of the proposed Public Administration Reform Project is
to provide required resources for technical assistance, training, goods
and incremental operating costs that are needed to implement the
Government's Institutional and Public Administration Reform agenda
effectively.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The major sources of value added by the Bank's support for this project
are fivefold: integrated strategic vision, mutually reinforcing
operations, sector-specific expertise, credibility and ensuring that
lessons can be learned from the experience. The Bank's SAC, PESC, PEIR
and PAR teams have and will continue to help the Government to develop an
integrated strategic vision for the overall institutional and public
administration reform process. That vision may be found in the SAC and
PESC designs and documentation, as well as in the Government's strategic
approach delineated above (Section B.2). Related to this, the SAC, PESC,
PEIR and PAR operations are mutually reinforcing. They share a common and
integrated strategic vision, while the SAC and PESC provide the leverage
and the PEIR and PAR provide the technical assistance. Bank-provided
sector-specific expertise complements similar expertise being provided by
other donors, particularly the EU through its support of SIGMA's
involvement in the SIPAR programme. Importantly, the close collaboration
between the Bank's team, the EU/SIGMA team and OSCE has enhanced both
quality of advice and Government receptivity. We expect such close
collaboration to continue, with similar results. An example of the
results of this collaboration is the completely new Civil Service Law
enacted by Parliament on 11 November 1999. Bank staff were deeply
involved in preparation and revision of that law, from its initial
drafting all the way through Parliamentary Commission and finally full
Parliamentary hearings on the bill. That close Bank staff involvement,
complemented with assistance from other key donors, such as OSCE and
SIGMA, proved pivotal in bringing the Civil Service Law back on track
after it was seriously compromised immediately prior to the initial
Parliamentary Commission hearings on the bill. Regarding credibility, the
Bank will shoulder front-line responsibility for launching a number of key
elements of the reform strategy aimed at enhancing accountability of the
Government for achieving impacts through this reform effort; in
particular, the initial survey of public officials and the Public
Expenditure Tracking Surveys. The credibility of the Bank is essential
for these exercises to yield their desired impacts. This credibility
factor was strikingly illustrated when the Bank took the lead in
undertaking the public officials' and citizens' surveys underlying the
"Anti-Corruption Workshop" staged in June/July 1998. Finally, the Bank's
recent development of a variety of systematic instruments for measuring
the impacts of institutional reform efforts is already providing the basis
for both the suevey of public officials as well as the Public Expenditure
Tracking Surveys. The use of these instruments and the experience
previously gained by the Bank in their use will help to ensure that a
systematic approach can be taken to learning lessons from the Government's
reform process.
4. Description
The PAR project will aim to address the objectives underlined in the above
strategy by focusing on some of the most important elements that lay the
foundations for a more efficient and transparent functioning of the
-7 -



state. While the Government's institutional and public administration
reform strategy addresses the five broad challenges explained above, the
project includes components addressing three crucial elements of that
strategy: (i) public expenditure management strengthening, (ii) human
resource management strengthening; and (iii) policy formulation and
coordination strengthening. The project will also include a fourth
component to handle (iv) management of the project itself. The public
expenditure management component will address five elements of the public
expenditure management system, plus strengthening the management of the
Ministry of Finance (MoF) itself: (a) budget formulatiion, (b) budget
execution (treasury), (c) macroeconomic and fiscal forecasting and
analysis, (d) accounting, (e) procurement, and (f) management of the MoF.
The human resource management component will include three sub-components:
(a) implementation of the recently enacted Civil Service Act, (b)
strengthening of the Department of Public Administration, which is lodged
within the Office of the Prime Minister, and (c) support of the
establishment of an Albanian Institute of Public Administration, which is
being established under a separate project financed by the UNDP. The
policy formulation and coordination component will strengthen the
professional (civil service) capacities to provide the Council of
Ministers with policy analysis and support its coordination function.
Finally, the project management component will (a) ensure project
management and implementation, including supporting all the required
project administration capacities (e.g., accounting, audit, procurement,
disbursement management, monitoring and evaluation), and (b) support
several specific initiatives for monitoring and publicizing the
intermediate impacts of the Government's institutional and public
administrative reform program.
I. Public Expenditure Management
II. Human Resource Management
III. Policy Formulation and Coordination
IV. Project Management
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Government               0.47
IBRD
IDA                      8.5
Total Project Cost       8.97
6. Implementation
Implementation Period:   The project is expected to be implemented over a
four-year period (2000-2004), closing on December 31, 2004.Project
Implementation: The Government has created an inter-ministerial committee
to implement and oversee measures that will be taken in the context of the
public administration reform for strengthening the financial management
system and human resource management system. This inter-ministerial
committee is under the leadership of the Prime Minister and is comprised
of the Minister of Finance, Director of the Department for Public
Administration, and Minister of Justice. While this Committee will have
overall responsibility for implementing the Government's overall
institutional and public administration reform strategy, immediate
responsibility for project implementation will rest with the Unit for
Implementation of the Public Administration Reform Program (UIPARP) which
the Government recently created within the office of the Prime Minister.
- 8 -



The Unit will carry out the day to day project implementation, including
procurement and disbursement. The Unit consists of a Unit Director, two
Project Coordinators (one from the MOF and one from the Council of
Ministers), one Procurement Officer, and one Financial Management
Officer.Project Coordination: Project coordination will be ensured
through the inter-ministerial committee mentioned in the above paragraph,
as well as by close collaboration between the Deputy Minister of Finance,
the Director of the Department of Public Administration and the Secretary
General within the Council of Ministers.Monitoring and Evaluation
Design:    The Department within the Office of the Prime Minister for
implementation of the Public Administration Reform Program will have a
monitoring and evaluation system for which an appropriate computerized
Management Information System (MIS) will be set up under the project. It
will track three main types of variables, which are identified in the
detailed Project Implementation Plan and the implementation monitoring
plan identified above:financial indicatorsintermediate impact
indicatorsphysical indicatorsThe UIPARP will provide IDA with semi-annual
reports on project progress by April 30 and October 31 of each year,
beginning in October of the year 2000. Furthermore, surveys will be taken
to obtain stakeholders' evaluations of the impact of reforms implemented
under the Project.    In particular, a survey of officials has already been
undertaken to establish baseline measurements of a wide variety of aspects
of the quality of the current public administration. That survey will be
repeated during the penultimate year of the project to capture progress in
changing officials' views of how well the public expenditure management
systems and processes as well as the human resource management practices
meet key performance standards. In addition, a number of spot surveys of
individual issues will be undertaken over the course of the project, to
capture and publicize citizens' views on salient issues. In addition, the
project will collect data produced by both public expenditure and human
resource management systems, so as to monitor their functioning on an
ongoing basis throughout project implementation. As a complement to these
monitoring efforts, anti-corruption surveys were undertaken as a precursor
to project preparation, to gauge citizen perceptions of corruption and
related phenomena. Those surveys will also be repeated during the
penultimate year of the project, so as to permit pre- and post-project
comparisons. While the project is not expected to have measurable impacts
on perceptions of corruption, the repeat of this survey should provide an
instrument for contributing to enhanced citizen awareness of corruption
issues, and thereby make a modest contribution to helping to nurture
public pressure on the government to address the underlying factors that
contribute to the pervasive levels of corruption evident in the first set
of anti-corruption surveys.Accounting, financial reporting, and auditing
arrangements. The newly established UIPARP within the Office of the Prime
Minister will be responsible for the overall financial management of the
Project. IDA carried out an accounting and financial management
assessment to determine whether the project has an adequate financial
management system in place as required by IDA under OP/BP 10.02. The
project satisfies the Bank's minimum financial management requirements.
The UIPARP will maintain this system and further upgrade it according to a
time-bound action plan, to ensure proper management of the accounting,
reporting and financing aspects of the Project according to IDA's
requirements. At the latest by June 30, 2001, the system will provide,
with reasonable assurance, accurate and timely information on the status
of the project (PMR) as required by IDA for PMR-based disbursements.
- 9-



Accounting systems: The UIPARP has just been recently established.
Therefore, technical assistance was needed to design the basic accounting
and financial management system. The short term Accounting Consultant
assisted the UIPARP accountant in: (i) the design and implementation of
the Project's accounting and financial management system; (ii) the
drafting of the accounting and financial Manual; and (iii) the
computerization of the accounting and financial system with an appropriate
integrated software. The new system will enable the UIPARP accountant to
produce full quarterly Project Management Reports (PMRs) in a timely and
accurate basis. Staffing: The UIPARP employs a full-time newly hired
accountant.   Audit arrangements: The UIPARP will be responsible, on
behalf of the Borrower, for providing IDA the audited financial statements
within six months of the end of every fiscal year. The accounts and
financial statements of the project will be audited by independent
auditors acceptable to IDA. The audit will be comprehensive and cover all
aspects of the project (i.e., all sources and utilization of funds, and
expenditures incurred) and it will be carried out in accordance with
International Standards of Auditing. The appointment of the auditor will
be handled under a project portfolio-wide basis agreement by the Ministry
of Finance. Disbursement arrangements: The Project will initially disburse
under the Association's traditional Statement Of Expenditure (SOE) method,
with the option of moving to the Project Management Reports (PMR)-based
disbursement method at the mutual agreement of the Borrower and IDA.
7. Sustainability
The Government's institutional and public administration reform strategy,
supported by the project, includes a number of features that should
provide a firm foundation for sustainability if they are successfully
implemented. The more important of these include:A variety of measures
are intended to enhance the citizen-responsiveness of public sector
institutions (e.g., the impact monitoring arrangements, assistance to line
Ministries to encourage and help them to operate in a more
citizen-involving manner). These measures, if successful, should help to
build pressures from the citizenry directed at the Parliament, the
Government and the public administration to meet the reform objectives.
Such pressures should increase the odds that the Parliament, the
Government and the public administration will implement the strategy as
intended.Involvement of NGOs and other donors, such as the Soros
Foundation, the Friends of Albania, OSCE, etc., have been achieved during
project preparation and will continue to be encouraged throughout project
implementation, so as to bring another source of pressure on the
Parliament, the Government and the public administration to implement the
strategy and project as intended. Substantial efforts are already being
devoted to ensuring close collaboration among donors. These efforts will
be expanded to include other elements of civil society, such as
NGOs.Public expenditure management strengthening element of the project
aims to strengthen all three levels of budgetary performance: aggregate
fiscal discipline, resource allocation and use based on strategic
priorities, and efficiency and effectiveness of programs and service
delivery. The project's support is being complemented by the Public
Expenditure and Institutional Review, as well as by the SAC and the
planned SAC II. Better public expenditure management should enhance
sustainability of all elements of the institutional and public
administration reform strategy. The functional review process includes
among its aims the identification of functions that could be more
- 10 -



efficiently performed by the private sector, so that they could be
subsequently privatized in one form or another. To the extent that this
element yields results, fiscal sustainability should be enhanced.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The design of the project is consistent with the lessons identified in the
recently enunciated Bank strategy, as well as the ECA regional strategy,
for public sector institutional reform. Such lessons fall into two broad
categories: content and design elements aimed at reinforcing commitment
throughout the reform process. Regarding content, the ECA regional
strategy for public sector institutional reform states:"While a wide
variety of institutional arrangements within the public sector are
workable, well-functioning governments are generally thought to have
certain important characteristics in common. They are responsive to the
citizenry and reasonably efficient in the delivery of public services.
Their decisionmaking processes and the decisions they result in are in
general transparent and predictable. Oversight mechanisms (i.e., checks
and balances) exist to guard against arbitrariness and to ensure
accountability in the use of public resources, but these oversight
mechanisms do not eliminate the flexibility and delegation that is needed
to respond quickly to changing circumstances."The PAR includes elements
aimed at improving each of these important characteristics of a
well-functioning government. Important examples include the
following:Desirable CharacteristicDesign ElementResponsiveness to the
citizenryUndertake impact monitoring exercise/surveysMonitor and publicize
citizens' perceptions of the impacts of policies and programsCreate
capacity within the Department of Public Administration to establish
guidelines and provide technical assistance to budget institutions on
enhancing the citizen-responsiveness of their organizationsReasonably
efficient in the delivery of public servicesCreate capacity within
Department of Public Administration to establish guidelines and provide
technical assistance to line Ministries in the application of principles
to guide concerted sector-specific reform initiatives aimed at
significantly and sustainably improving the implementation or delivery of
policies, programs and services within a given sector.Coordinate overall
institutional and public administration reform effort with sector-specific
reform initiatives.Decisionmaking processes and the decisions they result
in are in general transparent and predictable.Rationalize the management
of the policy formulation processes within the CoM.Build stable
professional capacity within the CoM to provide systematic analyses of
policy issues and tradeoffs raised by legislative and policy
proposals.Provide technical assistance to the CoM to review and implement
recommendations of the functional review of the CoM completed in March
1999.Strengthen public expenditure management functions (budget
formulation, budget execution, treasury and cash management, debt
management, accounting).Initiate Budget Framework memorandum
process.Oversight mechanisms (i.e., checks and balances) exist to guard
against arbitrariness and to ensure accountability in the use of public
resources, but these oversight mechanisms do not eliminate the flexibility
and delegation that is needed to respond quickly to changing
circumstances.Strengthen public expenditure management functions (budget
formulation, budget execution, treasury and cash management, debt
management, accounting).Undertake survey baseline and one follow-up survey
of public officials.Undertake Public Expenditure Tracking Surveys.Create
independent Civil Service Commission and support the development of its
- 11 -



capacities.Strengthen Department of Public Administration.The various
design elements aimed at ensuring responsiveness to the citizenry should
partially address the need to reinforce commitment throughout the reform
process. Direct Bank involvement and assistance in undertaking and
ensuring widespread dissemination of key impact monitoring inteventions
will be particularly important in this regard. These include the surveys
of public officials, as well as the Public Expenditure Tracking Surveys.
In addition, intensive and close supervision of the PAR by the Bank will
be required to continuously adjust strategy and tactics to rapid and
constantly changing conditions and challenges. To this end, the pairing
of the PAR with (i) related Bank policy operations (the PESP and SAC), and
(ii) complementary ESW (Public Expenditure Review) should help to address
the Bank's capacity to continually reinforce counterpart commitment.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  NA.  The project provides only technical
assistance. It raises no environmental issues.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Gary J. Reid
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 12 -



