Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2477 GUA
                   Development Credit Agreement
              (Infrastructure Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated April 8, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2477 GUA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 8, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
Page  2
      (a)   "CAD" means the Borrower's Civil Aviation Department;
      (b)   "CARICOM" means the Caribbean Common Market created by
the General Treaty for the Caribbean Community signed at Chaguramas,
Trinidad and Tobago, on July 4, 1970 by Antigua, The Bahamas,
Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Montserrat,
St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and
Trinidad and Tobago;
      (c)   "CTPU" means the MOPWCRD's (as hereinafter defined)
Central Transport Planning Unit;
      (d)   "GAHEF" means Guyana Agency for Health, Environment and
Food Policy;
      (e)   "HD" means the MOA's (as hereinafter defined) Hydraulics
Division;
      (f)   "MOA" means the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture;
      (g)   "MOF" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance;
      (h)   "MOPWCRD" means the Borrower's Ministry of Public Works,
Communications and Regional Development;
      (i)   "PEU" means any of the program executing units referred
to in Section 3.05 of this Agreement; and "PEUs" means both units
referred to collectively;
      (j)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to the exchange of letters dated October 24, 1991 and
November 18, 1991, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (k)   "RAD" means the MOPWCRD's Road Administration Division;
and
      (l)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to nineteen million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 19,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
Page  3
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 1 and September 1
commencing September 1, 2003 and ending March 1, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 1,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Association
lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
Page  4
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, technical, financial and environmental practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall provide counterpart funds in
its annual budget for any year of Project implementation, in an
amount equivalent to no less than $300,000.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) By no later than June 30, 1993 the Borrower
shall enter into contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the
Association, with an agent or agents acceptable to the Association,
for handling the procurement of fire fighting equipment under Part
C.3 of the Project, on behalf of the Borrower.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section in such a manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower
and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit
and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive such arrangements or any
provision thereof.
      Section 3.04. By no later than June 30, 1994, or such later
date as the Association may agree, the Borrower, through MOPWCRD,
shall furnish to the Association:
      (a)   an operations and maintenance program and financing
plan, satisfactory to the Association, for the road infrastructure,
covering the period from January 1, 1995 to December 31, 1998,
including, inter alia, a definition of the methods of execution of
such program;
      (b)   a training program, satisfactory to the Association, for
RAD staff to administer the operation and maintenance of the road
infrastructure in the Borrower's territory; and
      (c)   a financing mechanism, satisfactory to the Association,
for road maintenance, including, inter alia, an analysis of possible
earmarking of road-user taxes.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 3.01 above, the Borrower, through MOA and
MOPWCRD, shall:
      (a)   maintain until completion of the Project two PEUs, one
within HD for purposes of Part A.1 of the Project and one within RAD
for purposes of parts A.2, A.3 and A.4 of the Project, with
functions and staff satisfactory to the Association; and
      (b)   provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the discharge of the PEUs'
functions.
Page  5
      Section 3.06. The Borrower, through MOA, shall:
      (a)   by no later than September 30, 1993, carry out and
furnish to the Association the results of a cost recovery study and
a strategy for the management and financing of sea defenses;
      (b)   by no later than June 30, 1994, propose a plan of
action, satisfactory to the Association, for the implementation of
the recommendations of the study mentioned in paragraph (a) above;
and
      (c)   carry out such plan of action in accordance with a
timetable satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Part B.2(b) of the Project, the
Borrower, through MOPWCRD, shall:
      (a)   by no later than December 31, 1993, appoint and
thereafter retain an environmental officer for CTPU, acceptable to
the Association, to be in charge of monitoring the execution of such
Part of the Project;
      (b)   by no later than June 30, 1993, enter into appropriate
arrangements, satisfactory to the Association, with GAHEF or any
successor entity with environmental functions, in order to organize
training programs for MOPWCRD staff and prepare an environmental
impact assessment for the Lethem - Linden road; and
      (c)   by no later than December 31, 1993, review with the
Association the results of such environmental impact assessment.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall, through MOA and MOPWCRD,
respectively, carry out the recruitment of local and/or foreign
experts, acceptable to the Association, to fill the HD's and RAD's
vacancies mentioned in the letter from the Borrower to the
Association of even date herewith, in accordance with the timetable
set forth therein.
      Section 3.09. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.06 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall, through
MOA and MOPWCRD, by not later than March 31, June 30, September 30
and December 31 of each year, until completion of the Project,
beginning on September 30, 1993, furnish to the Association progress
reports on the execution of their respective parts of the Project,
of such scope and in such detail as the Association may reasonably
request. The progress reports to be furnished on March 31 and
September 30 shall include a summary of RAD and HD expenditures for
the previous six months, including, inter alia, data pertaining to
maintenance and investment budgets, lengths of roads and sea
defenses maintained, evaluation of the road network and sea defenses
condition, and of the maintenance programs.
      Section 3.10. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower, through MOA
and MOPCWRD, shall:
      (a)   by no later than June 30 and December 31 of each year,
starting in 1993, review, jointly with the Association, the progress
in the execution of the Project and the annual road and sea defenses
maintenance plans to be presented to the MOF, any such review to be
based upon the reports furnished to the Association pursuant to
Section 3.09 of this Agreement;
      (b)   furnish to the Association, at the end of any such
review, an annual plan of action, satisfactory to the Association,
including specific goals and projections for Project implementation
for the subsequent twelve month period;
      (c)   carry out any such annual plan of action in accordance
with a timetable satisfactory to the Association;
Page  6
      (d)   by no later than December 31, 1995, furnish to the
Association, for its approval, the terms of reference for the review
referred to in paragraph (e) below, which shall include, inter alia,
the items mentioned in the letter from the Borrower to the
Association of even date herewith;
      (e)   as a part of the review to be carried out pursuant to
paragraph (a) above, by not later than June 30, 1996, review,
jointly with the Association, the progress in the execution of the
Project, the performance of the Borrower's obligations under this
Agreement, the achievement of the objectives of the Project, and the
results of the studies carried out under the Project, such review to
be based on the terms of reference referred to in paragraph (d)
above; and
      (f)   if, as a result of any of the above reviews, the
Association determines that the progress in the execution of the
Project or in the achievement of its objectives is not satisfactory,
the Borrower shall promptly take or cause to be taken all such
remedial action, satisfactory to the Association, as shall be
necessary for the efficient execution of the Project or the
achievement of its objectives.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   at all times cause its: (i) maintainable public roads
and sea defenses network to be maintained and all necessary repairs
thereof to be made; and (ii) road maintenance equipment to be
maintained and all necessary repairs and renewals thereof to be
made, all in accordance with appropriate technical and engineering
practices; and
      (b)   make available, promptly as needed, all funds facili-
ties, services and other resources required for the above purposes.
      Section 3.12. The Borrower, through MOA and MOPWCRD, shall:
      (a)   by no later than June 30, 1996, prepare a program,
satisfactory to the Association, for the transition of key positions
of the PEUs to the Borrower's regular staff; and
      (b)   carry out such program in accordance with a timetable
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.13. The Borrower shall carry out Part B.2 of the
Project in accordance with the action plan set forth in the letter
from the Borrower to the Association of even date herewith,
mentioned in Section 3.10 (d) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than four
                   months after the end of each such year, a
Page  7
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
           (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as additional
condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions,
namely, that the PEUs shall have been established in a manner
satisfactory to the Association and their coordinators have been
appointed.
      Section 5.02. The date July 14, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Ministry of Finance
            Main and Urquhart Streets
            Georgetown
            Guyana
Page  8
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIN                    3038
                   Guyana
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                         By /s/ Asgar Ally
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Sri-ram Aiyer
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil Works,              10,900,000        94%
    except for Part
    A.3 of the
    Project
(2) Goods                      1,650,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 90%
                                                of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
Page  9
                                                procured locally
(3) Consultants'               3,000,000        100%
    services
(4) Refunding of                 600,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project                                     suant to Section
    Preparation                                 2.02 (c) of this
    Advance                                     Agreement
(5) Unallocated                2,850,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                19,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed SDR$330,000 may be
made in respect of Categories (1), (3) and (4) of the table in
paragraph 1 hereof, and on account of payments made for expenditures
before that date but after April 1, 1992.
                          SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to repair and
reconstruct deteriorated sections of the sea defenses system and to
lay the basis for the development of an efficient operations and
maintenance system for sea defenses; (b) to improve the overall
performance and efficiency of the management and operations of the
transport sector; (c) to facilitate agricultural, agro-industrial
and mining production, particularly for export, through reduced
transport costs; and (d) to reduce the need for premature
replacement of transport vehicles, spare parts and fuel imports.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Civil Works
1.    Reconstruction and preventive maintenance, including design
and supervision, of approximately 4 kilometers of sections of sea
defenses between the Demerara and Mahaicony Rivers.
2.    Rehabilitation, including design and supervision, of
approximately 60 kilometers of the Essequibo Coast Road, through:
      (a)   construction and paving of approximately 13 kilometers
of the Supernaam - Adventure section;
      (b)   resurfacing and minor alignment of approximately 22
kilometers of the Adventure - Anna Regina section;
      (c)   replacement of pavement and construction of new
shoulders of approximately 25 kilometers of the Anna Regina -
Charity section; and
Page  10
      (d)   reconstruction of bridges.
3.    Rehabilitation, including design and supervision, of the
Linden Highway, through:
      (a)   reconstruction of approximately 4 kilometers;
      (b)   resealing of approximately 65 kilometers;
      (c)   replacement of the wooden decks of 8 bridges with
concrete superstructures and replacement of the abutments; and
      (d)   preventive maintenance for the first four years after
rehabilitation.
4.    Preventive maintenance, including design and supervision, of
approximately 141 kilometers of selected high priority roads, for
the first three years of Project implementation.
Part B:     Studies and Institutional Strengthening
1.    Carrying out of the following studies:
      (a)   technical, economic and financial studies for the
construction of an off-port container terminal;
      (b)   study for the establishment of a national port
authority;
      (c)   environmental impact assessment of the Lethem - Linden
Road; and
      (d)   study of highways subsector financing.
2.    Institutional strengthening of HD, CTPU, RAD and MOPWCRD,
through:
      (a)   provision of technical assistance to HD: (i) for
managing the implementation of the 1993 - 1996 sea defenses
rehabilitation program; and (ii) for the establishment of a data
bank for tidal height measurement;
      (b)   provision of technical assistance:
            (i)    to CTPU, for transport planning and policy
                   formulation, including the establishment of a
                   transport data bank and carrying out of specific
                   studies;
           (ii)    to CTPU, for incorporation of environmental
                   issues in the planning, design, construction and
                   maintenance of transport facilities; and
          (iii)    to CTPU and RAD, for training of staff on
                   environmental issues, through in-house and
                   overseas courses;
      (c)   provision of technical assistance to RAD for managing
the implementation of road projects; and
      (d)   provision of technical assistance to MOPWCRD to
establish a national port authority.
Part C:     Equipment
1.    Acquisition and utilization of office equipment, including,
inter alia, desktop computers hardware and software, printers,
photocopy machines and two vehicles each for CTPU, RAD and HD.
2.    Acquisition and utilization of equipment for mud bank movement
research.
Page  11
3.    Acquisition and utilization of fire fighting equipment,
including, two fire trucks, an initial stock of movable spare parts,
and other related equipment, for CAD.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                             SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied
to all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be
taken into account in bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers and Regional
            Manufacturers
1.    For the purpose of evaluation and comparison of bids for the
supply of goods: (a) bidders shall be required to state in their bid
the c.i.f. (port of entry) price for imported goods, or the ex-
factory price for domestically-manufactured goods; (b) customs
duties and other import taxes on imported goods, and sales and
similar taxes on domestically-supplied goods, shall be excluded; and
(c) the cost to the Borrower of inland freight and other expendi-
tures incidental to the delivery of goods to the place of their use
or installation shall be included.
2.    For goods manufactured in Guyana and in member countries of
CARICOM, the Borrower may grant a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the following provisions:
      (a)   All bidding documents for the procurement of goods shall
clearly indicate any preference which will be granted, the informa-
tion required to establish the eligibility of a bid for such
preference and the following methods and stages that will be
followed in the evaluation and comparison of bids.
      (b)   After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in
one of the following groups:
            (i)    Group A: bids offering goods manufactured in
                   Guyana if the bidder shall have established to
                   the satisfaction of the Borrower and the
                   Association that the manufacturing cost of such
                   goods includes a value added in Guyana equal to
                   at least 20% of the ex-factory bid price of such
                   goods.
           (ii)    Group B: all other bids offering goods from
                   within Guyana.
          (iii)    Group C: bids offering goods manufactured in a
Page  12
                   country other than Guyana which is a party to
                   CARICOM and entitled to preferential tariffs
                   thereunder.
           (iv)    Group D: bids offering any other goods.
      (c)   All evaluated bids in each group shall be first compared
among themselves, excluding any customs duties and other import
taxes on goods to be imported and any sales or similar taxes on
goods to be supplied domestically, to determine the lowest evaluated
bid of each group. The lowest evaluated bid of each group shall then
be compared with each other, and if, as a result of this comparison,
a bid from group A or group B is the lowest, it shall be selected
for the award.
      (d)   If, as a result of the comparison under paragraph (c)
above, the lowest bid is a bid from group C or group D, all group C
and group D bids shall be further compared with the lowest evaluated
bid from group A after adding to the c.i.f. bid price of the
imported goods offered in each group C and group D bid, for the
purpose of this further comparison only, an amount equal to the
smaller of: (i) the amount of customs duties and other import taxes
which a nonexempt importer would have to pay for the importation of
the goods offered in such group C or group D bid; or (ii) 15% of the
c.i.f. bid price of such goods if said customs duties and taxes
exceed 15% of such price. If the group A bid or a group C bid is the
lowest in such further comparison, it shall be selected for the
award.
      (e)   If, as a result of the further comparison under
paragraph (d) above, a bid from group D is the lowest, all group D
bids shall be finally compared with the lowest bid from group C, as
determined under paragraph (c) above, after adding to the c.i.f. bid
price of goods to be imported offered in each group D bid, for the
purpose of this final comparison only, an amount equal to the
smaller of: (i) the difference between the amount of customs duties
and other import taxes which would actually be payable for the
importation of goods offered in such group D bid and for the
importation of goods offered in the group C bid; or (ii) 15% of the
c.i.f. bid price of goods to be imported offered in such group D
bid. If the lowest bid in such comparison is the group C bid, it
shall be selected for purposes of award; if not, the lowest bid from
group D, as determined under paragraph (c) above, shall be selected
for purposes of award.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Fire fighting equipment and all-terrain vehicles may be
procured under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
invited from a list of at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines and in accordance with the procedures set forth
in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8,
2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or less
per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $2,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$550,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
Page  13
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract for goods or works
awarded under Part A.1 above, (ii) each contract for goods awarded
under Part D.1 above, and (iii) each contract for works awarded
under Part D.2 above estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or
more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are
to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) to
(4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
Page  14
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
Page  15
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for anexpenditure or in an 
amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
