Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2451 SL
                         Project Agreement
          (Roads Rehabilitation and Maintenance Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                   SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                      Dated January 27, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2451 SL
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 27, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the SIERRA LEONE ROADS
AUTHORITY (SLRA).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-two
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 32,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only
on condition that SLRA agrees to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS SLRA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SLRA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and public
utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   SLRA shall open and thereafter maintain in the name of
SLRA at a commercial bank: (i) a Project Account (the Project
Account) into which shall be deposited all counterpart contributions
which SLRA, the Borrower and any other contributors are required to
make to the costs of the Project, and which shall be used
exclusively for expenditures to be made under the Project; (ii) a
Road Fund Account (the Road Fund Account) into which shall be
deposited revenues from the Road Fund to SLRA and which shall be
used exclusively for the purposes specified in the SLRA Act; and
(iii) an SLRA Account (the SLRA Account) into which shall be
deposited all other funds accruing to SLRA and which shall be used
exclusively to meet expenditures not covered by the Project Account.
      (c)   SLRA shall, by March 31, 1993, establish and thereafter
maintain in a form and with functions and staffing satisfactory to
the Association, a Project Coordinating Team to be headed by the
Director General of SLRA. The Project Coordinating Team shall
oversee the carrying out of the Project.
      (d)   SLRA shall employ and assign to the Project Coordinating
Team a project coordinator, engineering consultants and other key
staff, all of whom shall be appointed on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association.
      (e)   SLRA shall carry out the transport sector components of
the Project through the Department of Transport, Communications and
Tourism and the Department of Works. SLRA shall however be
responsible for coordinating Project activities relating to the said
components.
      (f)   SLRA shall carry out: (i) the non-motorized transport
components included in Part C of the Project under an agreement
between SLRA and the Principal Implementing NGO satisfactory to the
Association; and (ii) the local training components included in Part
A of the Project under an agreement between SLRA and each of two
local training institutions satisfactory to the Association.
      (g)   SLRA shall: (i) carry out, in consultation with the
Freetown City Council, the road improvement works to be carried out
in the Freetown central business district under Part A (2) of the
Project; and (ii) provide the Council, to the extent practicable,
with such assistance as it may require in the establishment of a
road maintenance unit for the City of Freetown.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SLRA shall carry out the obligations set forth
Page  3
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) SLRA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   SLRA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by SLRA of its obligations under this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of SLRA
      Section 3.01. SLRA shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. SLRA shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. SLRA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. SLRA shall not later than June 30, 1995 carry
out jointly with the Association a mid-term review of the Project.
The review shall be concerned with: (i) determining overall progress
achieved in the carrying out of the Project during the first 24
months of the Project with respect to, inter alia, key monitoring
indicators agreed with the Association; (ii) the performance of SLRA
in the carrying out of the Project; (iii) the adequacy of
counterpart funding for the Project; (iv) the level of budgetary
allocations and actual expenditures for routine and recurrent
maintenance; (v) the need for redesign or restructuring of the
Project including the preparation of an action plan to ensure the
carrying out of the Project to completion; (vi) the assessment of
the results of studies, technical assistance, training programs and
the development of domestic contractors under the Project; (vii)
progress in reorganisation of the Road Transport Corporation; and
(viii) relative unit costs of road works carried out by contract and
by force account.
      Section 3.05. (a) SLRA shall before the commencement of the
Project take, and thereafter maintain, all measures necessary to
mitigate any adverse environmental impacts of the Project.
      (b)   SLRA shall employ by March 31, 1993 an engineer to be in
charge of assessing and monitoring the environmental impact of
SLRA's road operations.
      Section 3.06. SLRA shall carry out all the actions described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement to the satisfaction of the
Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
Page  4
      Section 4.01. (a) SLRA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SLRA shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof, as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of SLRA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify SLRA of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
Page  5
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For SLRA:
            Sierra Leone Roads Authority
            P.M.B. 1324
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
                                          Telex:
                                            3210 BOOTH SL
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SLRA or by SLRA on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
SLRA's Director General or such other person or persons as SLRA
shall designate in writing, and SLRA shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ F. J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ W. B. Wright
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
Page  6
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a
third party.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost less than $300,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $300,000
equivalent) and works estimated to cost less than $500,000
equivalent per contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$4,700,000 equivalent), may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than $60,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $400,000
equivalent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.     Spare parts and accessories of a proprietary nature
obtainable from one source and prototypes for the non-motorized
transport components of the Project (up to an aggregate amount not
to exceed $400,000 equivalent) may, with the prior approval of the
Association, be purchased by direct contracting from original
suppliers or sources in accordance with paragraph 3.5 (b) and (c) of
the Guidelines.
Part C:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist SLRA in carrying out the Project, SLRA
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
Page  7
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 2
       Actions referred to in Section 3.06 of this Agreement
1.    (a)   SLRA shall, not later than April 30 in each of the
following years, namely, 1993 through 1997, prepare and furnish to
the Association for the Association's review and comments estimates
satisfactory to the Association of the local funding needs of the
roads sector for each such year.
      (b)   SLRA shall, not later than one month before the
commencement of each fiscal year, prepare and furnish to the
Association for the Association's review and comments annual and
quarterly estimates satisfactory to the Association of the
expenditures to be made under the Project.
2.    Without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under this Agreement, SLRA shall:
            (i)   have financial and work verification audits of
                  the Project Account, the Road Fund Account and
                  the SLRA Account carried out every six months
                  (the six months audit period), in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each of the six months audit period
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning the Project Account, the Road Fund
                  Account and the SLRA Account as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably request.
3.    SLRA shall, jointly with the Borrower, prepare and furnish to
the Association not later than January 31, 1993 guidelines
satisfactory to the Association regulating the use, in accordance
with the provisions of the SLRA Act, of revenues accruing to SLRA in
the Road Fund.
4.    SLRA shall ensure that its salary structure and levels are, in
real terms, maintained by SLRA's Board of Directors at levels, and
in accordance with principles and practices, satisfactory to the
Association.
5.    (a)   SLRA shall for the purpose of employing consultants and
contractors to assist in carrying out the Project, use sample
bidding documents and letters of invitation and sample consultants'
contracts satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   SLRA shall furnish to the Association for its review and
comments samples of the bidding documents it proposes to use for the
procurement through local competitive bidding, of goods or works
required for the Project before bidding documents are released to
bidders.
6.    (a)   SLRA shall prepare and furnish to the Association not
later than one month after the end of each quarter, quarterly
progress reports for the Project satisfactory to the Association
including: (i) details of progress achieved against agreed
implementation and disbursement schedules and key performance
indicators; and (ii) work programs and cost estimates for the next
following quarter and for the entire Project.
Page  8
      (b)   SLRA shall prepare, and furnish to the Association, a
completion report for the Project satisfactory to the Association
not later than six months after the Closing Date.
