Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                           TF Number 020038
                                 AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2755 ZA
                           Swedish Grant Agreement
                      (Second Social Recovery Project)
                                   between
                             REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 as Administrator of Grant Funds provided by
                            THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN
                           Dated November 13, 1995
                                                           TF Number 020038
                                 AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2755 ZA
                           SWEDISH GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 13, 1995, between the REPUBLIC
OF ZAMBIA (the Grantee) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) acting as Administrator (the
Administrator) of the Swedish Grant, (as hereinafter defined),
provided by the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden).
      WHEREAS: (A) Sweden has agreed to make available a grant
(the Swedish Grant), through the Administrator, to the Grantee
to assist in financing Parts A.3 and B of the Second Social
Recovery Project (the Project) described in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement (Credit No. 2755 ZA) dated July
18, 1995 (the Development Credit Agreement) between the Grantee
and the Association, on the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth;
      (B)   by an agreement dated November 6, 1995 between Sweden
and the Association (the Administration Agreement), Sweden has
requested the Association, and the Association has accepted, to
administer the Swedish Grant in accordance with the provisions
of the Administration Agreement;
      (C)   the Grantee acknowledges that the financial
assistance extended to the Grantee under this Agreement (the
Swedish Grant Agreement) shall be considered as part of the
bilateral development aid extended by Sweden to the Grantee;
and
      (D)   the Administrator has agreed on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing to extend the Swedish Grant to the
Page  2
Grantee in support of the Project, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated January
1, 1985 (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement subject, however, to the following modifications
thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association
acting as Administrator of the Swedish Grant pursuant to the
Administration Agreement, except in the phrase "member of the
Association" in Sections 2.01 (5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02 (e);
      (b)   the term "Borrower", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grantee;
      (c)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", whenever
used in the General Conditions, means the Swedish Grant
Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Swedish Grant;
      (e)   the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the trust account opened by the
Administrator in its books in the name of the Grantee to which
the amount of the Swedish Grant is credited (the Trust
Account);
      (f)   in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall also
include the Association acting in its own capacity;
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
             "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date, or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose between the Grantee and the Administrator,
            the Grantee shall prepare and furnish to the
            Administrator a report of such scope and in such
            detail as the Administrator shall reasonably
            request, on the execution of the activities referred
            to in the Preamble to the Swedish Grant Agreement,
            the performance by the Grantee and the Administrator
            of their respective obligations under the Swedish
            Grant Agreement and the accomplishment of the
            purposes of the Swedish Grant."; and
            Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04,
4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), and Article XII are deleted.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the
General Conditions, in the Administration Agreement, and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings, that is, "Swedish Kroner" or "SEK" means the currency
of Sweden.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                  The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Grantee, on the terms and conditions herein set forth or
Page  3
referred to, a grant in an amount of four million one hundred
and fifty thousand Swedish Kroner (SEK 4,150,000) or such other
amount as shall have been made available by Sweden to the
Administrator for this purpose pursuant to the Administration
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Swedish Grant may be
withdrawn from the Trust Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such Schedule
may be amended from time to time by agreement between the
Grantee and the Administrator for expenditures made (or if the
Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of the goods and services required for the
Project.
      (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments for
taxes levied by, or in the territory of, the Grantee on goods
and services or in the importation, manufacture, procurement or
supply thereof.
      Section 2.03. (a) Consultants and experts acceptable to
the Administrator shall be employed by the Grantee on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Administrator for the provision
of services to be financed out of the proceeds of the Swedish
Grant. Such consultants and experts shall be selected in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Administrator on
the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
(the Guidelines), published by the Bank in August 1981. No
substitution of such consultants and experts or modification of
the terms and conditions of their employment shall be made
except with the prior consent of the Administrator.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any item is inconsistent with the
procedures set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no
expenditures for such item shall be financed out of the
proceeds of the Swedish Grant, and the Administrator may,
without in any way restricting or limiting any other right,
power or remedy of the Administrator under this Agreement, by
notice to the Grantee, cancel such amount of the Swedish Grant
as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion, represents the
amount of such expenditures which would otherwise have been
eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Swedish
Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2000
or such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Grantee of such later
date.
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Grantee declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project, with due diligence and efficiency, and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial and public health
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Grantee shall maintain, or cause to
be maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project, of the
Page  4
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Grantee shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Administrator;
             (ii)  furnish to the Administrator, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Administrator shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Administrator such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Administrator
                   shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Trust Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Grantee shall:
            (i)    maintain, or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such expendi-
                   tures;
             (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
                   Administrator has received the audit for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Trust Account was made, all records (con-
                   tracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                   other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Administrator's representatives
                   to examine such records; and
             (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate
                   opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                   statements of expenditure submitted during such
                   fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                   internal controls involved in their
                   preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                   related withdrawals.
                                  ARTICLE V
                                Effectiveness
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective on the
date of its signature and shall continue in effect until the
Swedish Grant has been fully disbursed and the parties to this
Agreement have fulfilled their obligations under this
Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                     Representative; Transfer of Rights
                               and Obligations
      Section 6.01. The Minister of Finance of the Grantee shall
be the representative of the Grantee for the purposes of
Page  5
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Grantee:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 50062
            Lusaka, , Zambia
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIN                    42221
                   Lusaka
      For the Administrator:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      Section 6.03. In accordance with the provisions of the
Administration Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
Sweden. The Grantee accepts and agrees that, upon notice by the
Administrator to the Grantee to that effect, Sweden shall, ipso
facto, from the date specified in such notice, be substituted
in all rights and obligations of the Administrator under this
Agreement as if Sweden had been an original party to this
Agreement, without any further action or formality being
required on the part of any party, and from such date the
Administrator shall cease to have any rights or obligations as
a party under this Agreement.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused
this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                         THE REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                         By /s/ George Nzala
                                                  Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         as Administrator of Grant Funds
                         provided by the Kingdom of Sweden
                         By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
Page  6
                                 SCHEDULE 1
               Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Swedish Grant
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Swedish Grant, the
allocation of the amounts of the Swedish Grant to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed
in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                             Grant Allocated        % of
                              (Expressed in       Expenditures
Category                          SEK)           to be Financed
Consultants' services                            100%
under Parts A.3 and B
of the Project                  4,150,000
                                _________
    TOTAL                       4,150,000
                                =========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
