Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2755 ZA
                         Development Credit Agreement
                       (Second Social Recovery Project)
                                   between
                             REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             Dated July 18, 1995
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2755 ZA
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 18, 1995, between the REPUBLIC OF
ZAMBIA (the Borrower)  and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) .
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)  the Borrower intends to contract from the Kingdom of
Sweden (Sweden) a grant (the Swedish Grant) in an aggregate
principal amount equivalent to $700,000 to assist in financing
Parts B and C of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the Swedish Grant Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and Sweden;
      (C)  the Borrower intends to contract from the Kingdom of
Norway (Norway) a grant (the Norwegian Grant) in an aggregate
principal amount equivalent to $2,000,000 to assist in
financing Parts B and C of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the Norwegian Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and Norway;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                               ARTICLE I
                   General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereto set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
      (a)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)  The second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to
read:
           "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
           otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made:  (a)
           on account of expenditures in the territories of any
           country which is not a member of the Association or
           for goods produced in, or services supplied from,
           such territories; or (b) for the purpose of any
           payment to persons or entities, or for any import of
           goods, if such payment or import, to the knowledge
           of the Association, is prohibited by a decision of
           the United Nations Security Council taken under
           Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Beneficiary Community" means a community that will be
served by a Micro-Project;
      (b)   "Financing Agreement" means an agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and a Project Committee for financing
of a Micro-Project through the provision of a grant;
      (c)   "Implementation Manual" means the documents prepared by
the Borrower and furnished to the Association under cover of a
letter dated May 15, 1995 setting out the procedures and
guidelines for carrying our Part A of the Project as such
documents may be amended or modified from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Association;
      (d)   "Kwacha" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (e)   "Micro-Project" means an activity financed or to be
financed in whole or in part out of the proceeds of the Credit
under Part A.1 of the Project;
      (f)   "MPU" means the Micro-Projects Unit established in the
Borrower's National Commission for Development Planning for the
purpose of appraising and financing Micro-Projects;
      (g)   "NGO" means a non-governmental organization operating in
the territory of the Borrower;
      (h)   "Participatory Assessment Group" means the NGO
registered on February 27, 1995 under the Borrowerþs Societies
Act which will, among other things, assist targeted indigent
communities to prioritize problems and identify Micro-Projects;
undertake participatory monitoring of poverty and disseminate
research findings; carry out beneficiary assessments of Micro-
Projects; and conduct other training to assist Beneficiary
Communities;
      (i)  "Project Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.04 (a)  of this Agreement;
Page  3
      (j)   "Project Committee" means the committee to be
established by each Beneficiary Community in accordance with
paragraph 1 of Part C  of Schedule 4 to this Agreement for the
purpose of identifying, preparing and carrying out Micro-
Projects, and such term includes, but is not limited to,
Parent-Teacher Associations, NGOs, Cooperatives or other
associations established in accordance with the respective laws
of the Borrower; and
      (k)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                              ARTICLE II
                              The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in this Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent
to nineteen million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 19,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a)  The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for: (i) amounts
paid (or, if the Association shall so agree, amounts to be
paid) by the MPU on account of withdrawals made by a
Beneficiary Community under a Grant to meet the reasonable cost
of goods and services required for the Micro-Project in respect
of which the withdrawal from the Credit Account is requested;
and (ii) expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so
agree, to be made)  in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for Parts A.2, A.3, A.4, B and C of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)  The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank acceptable to the Association on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be  December 31, 2000
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%)  per annum.
      (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i)  from the
date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual
date)  to the respective dates on which amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled;
and (ii)  at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date or at such other rates as may be set
from time to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a)  above.
The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from
the next payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of
this Agreement.
      (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i)  at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii)  in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of
Page  4
the General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%)  per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on May 1and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b)  and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the
Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each May 1 and
November 1 commencing November 1, 2005 and ending May 1, 2035.
Each installment to and including the installment payable on
May 1, 2015 shall be one percent (1%)  of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%)  of such principal amount.
      (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii)  the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a)  above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b)  above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                               ARTICLE III
                        Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
through MPU with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate economic practices and shall provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out
the Project through MPU in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
Page  5
      Section 3.02. The Borrower shall, until completion of the
Project, maintain the MPU with staff having qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment acceptable to
the Association.
      Section 3.03. (a) For the purposes of Part A.1 of the
Project, the Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to each Project Committee as a grant under a
Financing Agreement as provided for in Part E of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under each
Financing Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate
or waive the Financing Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (c)  The Borrower undertakes that, unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, Micro-Projects will be identified,
appraised and carried out in accordance with the procedures and
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Implementation Manual and in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation to its obligations under
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall for the
purposes of Parts A and B of the Project:
      (a)  open and/or maintain in Kwacha in the name "Social
Recovery Project" an account (the Project Account) in a
commercial bank acceptable to the Association on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)  deposit into the Project Account an initial amount
equivalent to $100,000;
      (c)  thereafter, deposit into the Project Account, not
later than June 30 and December 31 in each year during the
implementation of the Project, the amount necessary to
replenish the Project Account to the amount of $ 100,000
equivalent or such greater amount as may be required for the
purposes of the Project; and
      (d)  ensure that amounts deposited into the Project
Account pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (c) above shall be used
only to make payments to meet expenditures made or to be made
in respect of the reasonable cost of works, goods and services
for the Project not financed or to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit or of the grants referred to in the
Preamble to this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.06. Without limitation to or restriction upon
its other reporting requirements under Section 9.06 of the
General Conditions and Article 4 of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall, by June 1 in each year with effect from 1996
until completion of the Project, submit to the Association for
its review, a progress report on the implementation of the
Project. The said progress report shall cover, among other
things:
      (a)  the results of the external financial audits of a
representative sample of Microprojects, details of
disbursements to, and justifications for, Microprojects, a
review of procurement issues, a description of monitoring
activities of the quality and timeliness of implementation of
Micro-Projects and a summary of the impact of Micro-Projects;
Page  6
and
      (b)  in respect of Parts B and C of the Project, a summary
of surveys and statistical analysis undertaken thereunder, the
number of studies carried out thereunder and the findings and
recommendations thereof.
      Section 3.07.  (a) On or about the date thirty (30) months
after the Effective Date, or when one half (1/2) of the amount
of the Credit has been committed or disbursed, whichever is
earlier, the Borrower shall carry out, jointly with the
Association, a mid-term review of the progress made in carrying
out the Project (referred to in this section as the mid-term
review). The mid-term review shall cover, among other things:
           (i)   a review of the geographical, community,
                 district and provincial poverty indicators and
                 of the distribution of Micro-Projects in order
                 to measure the effectiveness of the poverty
                 targeting process under Part A of the Project;
           (ii)  a review of the progress made by the MPU in
                 preparing for the transfer of its functions and
                 the skills of its staff to other agencies of
                 the Borrower upon the completion of the
                 Project; and of the administrative and
                 financial arrangements made by the Borrower to
                 accommodate such transfer; and
          (iii)  a discussion of the options for ensuring
                 the long term sustainability of the
                 institutional arrangements for financing policy
                 oriented research commenced under Part C of the
                 Project.
      (b)  The Borrower shall, at least four (4) weeks prior to
the mid-term review, furnish to the Association a separate
report describing the status of implementation of each part of
the Project and a summary report of Project implementation
generally.
      (c)  The Borrower shall, not later than four (4) weeks
after the mid-term review, prepare an action program,
acceptable to the Association, for the further implementation
of the Project having regard to the findings of the mid-term
review and, thereafter, implement such action program.
      Section 3.08. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)  prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may
be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future
sustainability of activities commenced under the Project;
      (b)  afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)  thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                              ARTICLE IV
                         Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
Page  7
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)  The Borrower shall:
           (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                 paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                 for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                 audited, in accordance with appropriate
                 auditing principles consistently applied, by
                 independent auditors acceptable to the
                 Association;
           (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as
                 available, but in any case not later than six
                 months after the end of each such year, a
                 certified copy of the report of such audit by
                 said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                 as the Association shall have reasonably
                 requested; and
          (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                 information concerning said records, accounts
                 and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                 from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
           (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                 accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                 records and accounts reflecting such
                 expenditures;
           (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
                 Association has received the audit report for
                 the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                 from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                 Special Account was made, all records
                 (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                 and other documents) evidencing such
                 expenditures;
          (iii)  enable the Association's representatives
                 to examine such records; and
           (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                 included in the annual audit referred to in
                 paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                 report of such audit contains a separate
                 opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                 statements of expenditure submitted during such
                 fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                 internal controls involved in their
                 preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                 related withdrawals.
                                  ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)  (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this Paragraph:
                 (A) the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                 proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                 Borrower for the financing of the Project shall
                 have been suspended, canceled or terminated in
                 whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of the
                 agreement providing thereof, or (B) any such
Page  8
                 loan shall have become due and payable prior to
                 the agreed maturity thereof.
           (ii)   Paragraph (i)  of this Section shall not apply
                 if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction
                 of the Association that: (A)  such suspension,
                 cancellation, termination or prematuring is not
                 caused by the failure of the Borrower to
                 perform any of its obligations under such
                 agreement; and (B)  adequate funds for the
                 Project are available to the Borrower from
                 other sources on terms and conditions
                 consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
                 under this Agreement.
      (b)  The Norwegian Grant Agreement or  the Swedish Grant
Agreement shall have failed to become effective by February 28,
1996, or such later date as the Association may agree;
provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph shall
not apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
the Association that adequate funds for the Project are
available to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
conditions consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that the event specified in paragraph (a) (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the
proviso in paragraph (a) (ii) of that Section.
                             ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b)  of the General
Conditions, namely, that the Borrower has established the
Project Account and deposited therein the initial amount
referred to in Section 3.04 (b) of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90)  days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                              ARTICLE VII
                Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
           Ministry of Finance
           P. O. Box  50062
           Lusaka, Zambia
           Cable address:                          Telex:
                  MINFIN                           42221
                  Lusaka
                                                   Telefax
                                                   222440/
                                                   250886
Page  9
      For the Association:
           International Development Association
           1818 H Street, N.W.
           Washington, D.C. 20433
           United States of America
           Cable address:                          Telex:
                  INDEVAS                          248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                  82987 (FTCC)
                                                    64145 (WUI)  or
                                                   197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                       REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                       By /s/ Dunstan Weston Kamana
                                                  Authorized Representative
                       INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                            Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                    Africa
                                  SCHEDULE 1
                   Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
          SCHEDULE WAS DONE IN COLUMNS, WOULD NOT CONVERT
2.    For the purpose of this Schedule:
      (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
      (b)  the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)  the term þincremental recurrent costsþ means the
incremental costs to the MPU incurred under the Project on
account of maintenance of offices, vehicles and equipment,
acquisition of office supplies, staff travel and subsistence
and salaries of non-professional staff.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.    It is understood that the percentage in Category 4 in the
Page  10
table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule has been calculated on
the basis of the provisions of the Customs and Excise Act,
Chapter 662, of the Laws of the Borrower, which exempts the
goods, works and services to be financed under this Credit from
taxes and customs duties levied by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower.  If any change is made to such Act which has the
effect of levying taxes or customs duties on such goods, works
or services, the percentage referred to above shall be
decreased in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.08 of
the General Conditions.
5.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods and services under contracts not
exceeding $100,000 equivalent and for expenditures for works
under contracts not exceeding $250,000 equivalent, under such
terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice
to the Borrower.
                               SCHEDULE 2
                       Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower in
implementing its poverty reduction program through financing
community initiatives and strengthening the Borrowerþs capacity
for poverty analysis and monitoring.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objective:
Part A:    Micro-Projects
1.    Financing Micro-Projects related to health, education and
vocational training, water and sanitation, economic
infrastructure and activities and environment.
2.    Provision of training to staff of agencies of the Borrower
involved in the implementation of Part A.1 of the Project to
assist them in selecting, monitoring and supervising Micro-
Projects.
3.    Provision of training, through the Participatory
Assessment Group, other NGOs and the MPU, to potential and
actual Beneficiary Communities to assist them in identifying,
preparing and carrying out Micro-Projects.
4.    Acquisition of vehicles and office equipment for use by
the Borrower in the supervision and monitoring of Micro-
Projects.
Part B:    Poverty Monitoring
      Carrying out coordinated collection of statistics and
information to monitor changes in living conditions of the
population in the territory of the Borrower using living
conditions monitoring surveys and participatory assessments in
order to assist the Borrower to better target its interventions
to alleviate poverty
Part C:    Poverty Analysis
      Carrying out studies on poverty and social issues,
including, but not limited to:
1.    Analysis of poverty issues and the Borrowerþs current
poverty reduction policies.
2.    Analysis of the impact of the Borrowerþs structural
adjustment programs on groups that are vulnerable to poverty.
Page  11
                                * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2000
                              SCHEDULE 3
                 Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:    General
      Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Association
in January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions
of this Section, as applicable.
Part B:    International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
works and goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    Preference for domestically manufactured goods and domestic
contractors With respect to works and goods to be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of this Part B, the provisions of paragraphs 2.54
and 2.55 of the Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply
to goods manufactured in the territory of the Borrower and
works to be carried out by domestic contractors.
Part C:    Other Procurement Procedures
1.    National Competitive Bidding
      Works estimated to cost $500,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $6,600,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate,
and goods estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $1,200,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate may
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
2.    National Shopping
      Goods estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $4,800,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
national shopping procedures in accordance with the provisions
of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
3.    Procurement of Small Works
      Works estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract, and not to exceed $ 12,500,000 in the aggregate,
shall be procured under lumpsum, fixed price contracts awarded
on the basis of quotations obtained from three qualified
domestic contractors in response to a written invitation. The
invitation shall include a detailed description of the works,
including basic specifications, the required completion date,
a basic form of agreement acceptable to the Association, and
relevant drawings, where applicable. The award shall be made to
the contractor who offers the lowest price quotation for the
required work and who has the experience and resources to
successfully complete the contract.
Part D:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
Page  12
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Association, for its
review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of all
goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with such
procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract for works estimated to cost
the equivalent of $250,000 or more and for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Association in
August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-
based assignments, such contracts shall be based on the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued
by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as shall have been
agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, other standard forms
acceptable to the Association shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each, or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each.
3.    The exceptions to prior Association review shall not apply
to: (a) the terms of reference for such contracts, (b) single-
source selection of consulting firms, (c) assignments of a
critical nature, as reasonably determined by the Association,
(d) amendments to contracts for the employment of consulting
firms raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the employment of
individual consultants raising the contract value to $50,000
equivalent or above.
                              SCHEDULE 4
                         Implementation Program
      Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, in
carrying out Part A.1 of the Project, MPU shall apply the
procedures and guidelines set out in the Implementation Manual
including, but not limited to, the following:
Part A:    The following types of Micro-Projects will be
           eligible for financing under the Credit:
1.     Health Micro-Projects
Expansion, repair and, where appropriate, construction of
primary health care facilities .
Page  13
2.     Education and Vocational Training Micro-Projects
       (a)  Rehabilitation and expansion of primary schools and
vocational training centers; and
       (b)  training in vocational skills including, but not
limited to, on-farm storage, well-digging, sanitation,
functional literacy, primary health and nutritional training,
basic veterinarian skills, animal husbandry, marketing,
horticulture, environmental issues and training of trainers in
all of the above.
3.    Water and Sanitation Micro-Projects
      (a)  Rehabilitation and expansion of community based water
supply and sanitation systems and;
      (b)  rehabilitation and expansion of water and sanitation
facilities in primary and secondary schools, health facilities
and vocational training facilities.
4.    Economic Micro-Projects
      (a)  Reconstruction and rehabilitation of earth surface
roads in rural areas to improve access to markets and
facilitate social service delivery;
      (b)  construction, upgrading and rehabilitation of,
bridges, market place facilities and community owned and
operated grain banks, irrigation systems and cattle crushes for
small scale farmers; and
      (c)  acquisition of equipment and materials for use in
small scale entrepreneurial activities.
5.    Environment
      (a)  Community based soil conservation schemes;
      (b)  establishment of tree nurseries; and
      (c)  reforestation activities.
Part B:    The following criteria shall be utilized in the
           selection of Micro-Projects:
1.     The Micro-Project must be initiated, prepared, implemented and
maintained by the Beneficiary Community.
2.     The Beneficiary Community must be poor or belong to a
vulnerable group, both as described in the Implementation
Manual.
3.     The Micro-Project must meet the priority needs of the majority
of the Beneficiary Community.
4.     The Micro-Project must be simple enough to be implemented
without significant technical assistance from outside the
Beneficiary Community and must be implementable within one
year.
5.     The Beneficiary Community must be able and willing to
contribute in cash or kind about 25% of the cost of the Micro-
Project and to undertake the post-investment operation and
maintenance of the Micro-Project in a manner acceptable to the
Borrower and the Association.
6.     The Beneficiary Community must, where applicable, have an
existing and active preventative maintenance committee in place
for the Micro-Project.
Page  14
7.     The Micro-Project must be compatible with the Borrowerþs
priorities and policies.
Part C:   The following Micro-Projects shall be given priority in
          the selection process
1.    Micro-Projects proposed by Beneficiary Communities living in
remote, rural, poorly accessible and chronically food insecure
areas.
2.    Micro-Projects specifically targeted to benefit women.
Part D:    The following procedures shall be followed in
           identifying, processing and approving Micro-
           Projects:
1.    records and documents Each Beneficiary Community will
establish a committee (hereinafter referred to as the Project
Committee) which will be responsible for preparation and
implementation of the Micro-Project Communities that lack the
resources to identify and prepare Micro-Projects on their own
and shall receive assistance from the Participatory Assessment
Group, other NGOs or the MPU.
2.    The Project Committee shall submit its proposal for a Micro-
Project using the approved application form to a committee
(hereinafter referred to as the Desk Appraisal Committee),
composed of the MPU Regional Officer, the Provincial Planning
Officer, and representatives of the relevant line ministries,
the District Council and concerned NGOs. The Micro-Project
proposal shall include:
      1.    a description of the Micro-Project including details
showing that the Micro-Project proposal presents a solution to
an identified priority problem and showing how the proposed
Micro-Project will benefit the poor and vulnerable within the
Beneficiary Community;
      2.    information on the members of the Beneficiary Community,
including indication of their ability to contribute in cash or
in kind to the cost of the Micro-Project; and
      3.    a statement of the post investment operation and
maintenance arrangements for the Micro-Project.
3.    Proposals approved by the Desk Appraisal Committee shall be
subject to an appraisal by the Field Appraisal Team composed of
the MPU Regional Officer, a member of the Provincial Planning
Unit, a member of the District Council staff and a
representative of the relevant line ministry.
4.    The Field Appraisal Team shall submit its report to the MPU
Head Office for review and evaluation.
5.    The Technical Section of the MPU shall calculate a budget for
the Micro-Project.
6.    After review and evaluation, the MPU shall submit the Micro-
Project proposal to the MPU Steering Committee for approval.
7.    The MPU shall submit all Micro-Projects estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more to the Association for approval
prior to the signing of the respective Financing Agreement.
Part E:    Financing Agreements
1.    After approval of the proposal by the MPU Steering Committee,
the Borrower shall, through MPU, enter into a Financing
Agreement with the Project Committee. The terms of the
Financing Agreement shall be satisfactory to the Association
and shall include MPU obtaining rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association through, inter
Page  15
alia, the following provisions:
     1.    the Project Committee shall carry out the Micro-Project
with due diligence and efficiency, in accordance with sound
technical, financial and managerial standards and to maintain
adequate records;
     2.    the goods, civil works and services to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit for Micro-Projects shall be procured
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement;
     3.    the MPU shall have the right to inspect, by itself or
jointly with the Association and other agencies of the
Borrower, such goods and the sites, works, plants and
construction included in the Micro-Project, the operation
thereof and any relevant;
     4.    the MPU shall have the right to obtain all such
information as MPU or the Association shall reasonably request
regarding the foregoing, the administration, operations and
financial condition of the Micro-Project and the benefits to be
derived from the Micro-Project;
     5.    the MPU shall have the right to suspend or terminate the
right of the Project Committee to use the proceeds of the
Credit for the Micro-Project upon failure by any such Project
Committee to perform any of its respective obligations under
the Micro-Project Agreement; and
     6.    the  Project Committee shall have the obligation to
report to the MPU on the progress in implementing the Micro-
Project.
2.   The District Council, the relevant line ministry and the
Provincial Planning Unit shall co-sign the Financing Agreement
and jointly undertake to monitor and supervise the Micro-
Project and to provide, promptly as needed, all assistance as
may be required to ensure the successful implementation of the
Micro-Project.
3.   Terms and Conditions of Micro-Projects Micro-Projects shall befinanced under the 
following terms and conditions:
     1.   financing shall be provided on a grant basis;
     2.   the Beneficiary Community shall contribute in cash or in
kind about 25% of the cost of the Micro-Project.
     3.   a mobilization advance of 36%, or such higher percentage
as the Association may specify at the request of the Borrower,
of the estimated value of the Borrower's contribution to the
cost of the Micro-Project may be paid upon signing of the
Financing Agreement. Two subsequent disbursements of 24% of the
estimated value of the Borrowerþs contribution to the cost of
the Micro-Project shall be made when 75% of the amount of the
previous disbursements have been justified with receipts.  The
final disbursement shall be made after an estimate has been
made of the remaining works and shall be based on such
estimate.
                             SCHEDULE 5
                           Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) to (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means
Page  16
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the
eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.     Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request
or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)  (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                 Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                 requests for deposits into the Special Account
                 at such intervals as the Association shall
                 specify.
           (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                 the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                 the documents and other evidence required
                 pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                 the payment or payments in respect of which
                 replenishment is requested.  On the basis of
                 each such request, the Association shall, on
                 behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                 Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                 Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                 requested and as shall have been shown by said
                 documents and other evidence to have been paid
                 out of the Special Account for eligible
                 expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a)  of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b)  if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Page  17
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b)  (ii)  of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
      (c)  if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i)  was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii)  was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A)  provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association)  an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified.  Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b)  and (c)  of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of this
Agreement, including the General Conditions.
