Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3892 TUN
                            Guarantee Agreement
                     (National Rural Finance Project)
                                  between
                            REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                            Dated June 7, 1995
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3892 TUN
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated June 7, 1995, between the REPUBLIC OF
TUNISIA (the Guarantor) and the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
    WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Banque Nationale
Agricole (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in
the financing of the Project;
    (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to
the Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to
sixty-five million dollars ($65,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the
obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan and to
undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Agreement; and
    WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and
to undertake such other obligations as set forth in this
Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                ARTICLE  I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
    Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth in Schedule 7 to the Loan
Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
    Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and Section
1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth, and the term "National Guarantee Fund"
means the Guarantor's National Guarantee Fund (Fonds National
de Garantie) established and operating pursuant to Art. 73 of
the Guarantor's Law No. 81-100 dated December 31, 1981 and
the Guarantor's Decree No. 84-53 dated January 27, 1984, as
amended by the Guarantor's Decree No. 93-2374 dated November
22, 1993, and as the same may be amended from time to time.
                                ARTICLE  II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
    Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest
and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth
in the Loan Agreement.
    Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause
to believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be
inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required for
the carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements,
satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or
cause the Borrower to be provided with such funds as are
needed to meet such expenditures.
                               ARTICLE  III
                           Part C of the Project
    Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall carry out Part C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, economic, environmental,
financial, and technical practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the purpose.
    Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09
of the General Conditions (relating to plans and schedules,
records and reports and maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of Part C of the Project.
    Section 3.03. For purposes of ensuring the timely
implementation and viability of Part C of the Project, the
Guarantor shall:
    (a) carry out the study under Part C of the Project under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank not later than
March 31, 1996; and
Page  3
    (b) on the basis of the conclusions and recommendations of
the said study, commence implementation of Part C of the
Project not later than November 1, 1996.
    Section 3.04. In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying
out Part C of the Project, the Guarantor shall employ, as
necessary, consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Bank.
    Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall:
    (a) maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable it
to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis, in accordance
with indicators satisfactory to the Bank, the carrying out of
Part C of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof;
    (b) prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, and furnish to the Bank, by February 28, 1997, a report
integrating the results of the monitoring and evaluation
activities performed pursuant to paragraph (a) of this
Section, on the progress achieved in the carrying out of Part
C of the Project during the period preceding the date of said
report, with a special focus on the measures undertaken in
conjunction with the Borrower; and setting out the measures
recommended to ensure the efficient carrying out of Part C of
the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof
during the period following such date; and
    (c) review with the Bank and the Borrower, by April 30,
1997, the report referred to in paragraph (b) of this
Section, and, thereafter, take all measures required to
ensure the efficient completion of the Project and the
achievement of the objectives thereof, based on the
conclusions and recommendations of the said report and the
Bank's views on the matter.
                                ARTICLE  IV
                              Other Covenants
    Section 4.01. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
shall promptly take all measures as shall be required on its
part in order to enable the Borrower to comply with its
obligations set forth in Sections 4.05, 4.06, 4.07 and 4.08
of the Loan Agreement.
    Section 4.02. The Guarantor shall at all times take all
adequate action satisfactory to the Bank to permit the
Borrower to protect itself against risk of loss resulting
from changes in the rates of exchange between the currencies
(including the currency of the Guarantor) used in its
operations.
    Section 4.03. (a) The Guarantor shall implement the
measures agreed for the execution of its agreement with the
Borrower dated March 16, 1995, for complying with the
provisions of the Guarantor's Law No. 94-30 dated February
21, 1994, regarding the transfer to the Borrower as quasi-
equity (dotation de l'Etat non remboursable) of loans and the
guarantee on annual amounts not recovered by the Borrower on
the loans so transferred.
    Section 4.04. The Guarantor shall implement with due
diligence and efficiency:
    (a) its agreement with the Borrower dated March 25, 1995,
outlining the Borrower's role, responsibilities, and
remuneration for administering selected agricultural funds on
behalf of the Guarantor; and
Page  4
    (b) its decision dated March 24, 1995, to fully repay to
the Borrower the past advances made by it to finance
shortfalls in the Guarantor's budgetary funds.
    Section 4.05. The Guarantor shall adopt a program which
shall allow the Borrower to reduce, not later than June 30,
1996, its exposure to selected public enterprises.
    Section 4.06. The Guarantor shall ensure that the drought
risk management scheme established by it within the framework
of the National Guarantee Fund is suitably maintained,
including, in particular: (i) the application of a
sustainable level of drought insurance premium rates; (ii)
the maintenance of well-defined management and financial
procedures; (iii) the possibility to banking institutions
that their clients who are farmers be covered against drought
risk; (iv) a determination of drought-related losses through
independent assessments of the degree of climatic damage in
areas directly afflicted by drought; and (v) the availability
of technical expertise in agricultural insurance.
                                 ARTICLE  V
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
    Section 5.01. The Minister of International Cooperation
and Foreign Investment of the Guarantor is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section
11.03 of the General Conditions.
    Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
    For the Guarantor:
          Ministry of International Cooperation
            and Foreign Investment
          149, Avenue de la Liberte
          1002 Tunis-Le Belvedere
          Republic of Tunisia
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                MCIIE                          18060
    For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                      248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.                82987 (FTCC)
                                                64145 (WUI) or
                                               197688 (TRT)
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                       REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA
Page  5
                       By/s/ Azouz Ennifar
                                                Authorized Representative
                       INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                       By/s/ Daniel Ritchie
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                             Middle East and North Africa
