Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2856 TU
                    Loan Agreement
            (Energy Sector Adjustment Loan)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF TURKEY
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated June 29, 1987
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 29, 1987, between REPUBLIC OF
TURKEY (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS  (A)  the Bank has received a letter dated
May 22, 1987, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve
structural adjustment of the Borrower's energy sector
(the Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program, and requesting assistance from
the Bank in the financing of urgently needed imports
required during such execution;
     (B)  the Borrower intends to make available a part
of the proceeds of the Loan to certain public sector
agencies and enterprises for purposes of carrying out
investments in energyrelated activities;
     (C)  the Borrower, having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of the Project; and
     (D)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Bank has decided, in support of the Program and in order
to assist in the carrying out of the Project, to extend
the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
Page  2
     (a)  "MENR" means the Borrower's Ministry of Energy
and Natural Resources;
     (b)  "BOTAS" means Boru Hatlari ile Petrol Tasima,
A.S., the Borrower's pipeline enterprise, a state
economic enterprise, established and operating under
Decree Law No. 233 published on June 8, 1984, and the
Turkish Commercial Code as registered in the Commercial
Registration Gazette dated August 15, 1974;
     (c)  "EIE" means Elektrik Isleri Etud Idaresi, the
Borrower's electricity survey agency, established and
operating under Law No. 2819 published on June 24, 1935;
     (d)  "GDPA" means Petrol Isleri Genel Mudurlugu, the
Borrower's general directorate for petroleum affairs,
established and operating under Law No. 6326 published on
March 16, 1954;
     (e)  "MTA" means Maden Tetkik ve Arama Genel
Direktorlugu, the Borrower's minerals exploration agency,
an agency of MENR, established and operating under Law
No. 2804 published on June 22, 1935;
     (f)  "POAS" means Petrol Ofisi, the Borrower's
petroleum products distribution enterprise, a state
economic enterprise, established and operating under
Decree Law No. 233 published on June 8, 1984, and the
Turkish Commercial Code as registered in the Commercial
Registration Gazette dated November 24, 1983;
     (g)  "TEK" means Turkiye Elektrik Kurumu, the
Borrower's electricity enterprise, a state economic
enterprise, established and operating under statutes
published on November 9, 1984, in accordance with Decree
Law No. 233 published on June 8, 1984;
     (h)  "TKI" means Turkiye Komur Isletmeleri Kurumu,
the Borrower's lignite enterprise, a state economic
enterprise, established and operating under statutes
published on November 27, 1984, in accordance with Decree
Law No. 233 published on June 8, 1984;
     (i)  "TPAO" means Turkiye Petrolleri, A.O., the
Borrower's petroleum exploration and development
enterprise, a state economic enterprise, established and
operating under statutes published on November 9, 1984,
in accordance with Decree Law No. 233 published on June
8, 1984;
     (j)  "TTK" means Turkiye Taskomuru Kurumu, the
Borrower's hard coal enterprise, a state economic
enterprise, established and operating under statutes
published on December 11, 1984, in accordance with Decree
Law No. 233 published on June 8, 1984;
     (k)  "TUPRAS" means Turkiye Petrol Rafinerileri,
A.S., the Borrower's refineries enterprise, a state
economic enterprise, established and operating under
Decree Law No. 233 published on June 8, 1984, and the
Turkish Commercial Code as registered in the Commercial
Registration Gazette dated April 16, 1983;
     (l)  "Public Sector Agencies and Enterprises" means,
collectively, the agencies and enterprises referred to in
paragraphs (a) through (k) of this Section;
     (m)  "State Economic Enterprises" means,
collectively, BOTAS, POAS, TEK, TKI, TPAO, TTK and
TUPRAS;
Page  3
     (n)  "DSI" means Devlet Su Isleri, the Borrower's
general directorate for state hydraulic works, an agency
of the Ministry of Public Works and Resettlement,
established and operating under Law No. 6200 published on
December 25, 1953;
     (o)  "Public Participation Fund" means the fund of
the Borrower established and operating under Law No. 2883
published on December 25, 1983;
     (p)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the
agreements as may be entered into between the Borrower
and the State Economic Enterprises pursuant to Section
3.03 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
to the Subsidiary Loan Agreements;
     (q)  "SITC" means the United Nations Standard
International Trade Classification, 1974 Revision (SITC,
Rev. 2), published in Commodity Indexes for the Standard
International Trade Classification, Revised, Statistical
Papers, Series M, No. 38/Rev.2 (1981);
     (r)  "Turkish Lira" means the currency of the
Borrower;
     (s)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
     (t)  "fiscal year" means the period January 1
through December 31.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to three hundred twenty five
million dollars ($325,000,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in its Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Bank.  Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be September
30, 1990 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
Page  4
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum above the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings for the last Semester ending prior to the
commencement of such Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
         (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
        (iii)  "Semester" means the first six months or
               the second six months of a calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01.  The Borrower declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     Section 3.02.  (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall
from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the actions specified in Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank for review and comment
a report on the progress achieved in carrying out the
Program, in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably
request.
     Section 3.03.  (a)  For the purposes of carrying out
Part B of the Project:  (i) the Borrower shall make
available a portion of the proceeds of the Loan allocated
to such Part B of the Project to the Public Sector
Agencies; and
     (ii) in the event the Borrower shall re-lend a
portion of proceeds of the Loan allocated to such Part B
of the Project to the State Economic Enterprises, the
Borrower shall do so under subsidiary loan agreements to
be entered into between the Borrower and each such State
Economic Enterprise, under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank which shall include:
Page  5
     (A)  a rate of interest at least equal to the rate
of interest applicable from time to time to the Loan
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.05 of this
Agreement; and
     (B)  provision for the principal amount to be repaid
by the State Economic Enterprise to the Borrower to be
the equivalent in Turkish Lira (determined as of the
respective dates of repayment) of the dollar equivalent
(determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal from
the Loan Account or payment out of the Special Account)
of the currency or currencies withdrawn from the Loan
Account or paid out of the Special Account on account of
expenditures by each State Economic Enterprise for Part
B of the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of the Subsidiary
Loan Agreements or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.04.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.05.  The Borrower shall, not later than
October 31 of each year, (a) review with the Bank the
proposed annual energy investment program and related
financing plan for the energy sector for the next
succeeding year, and (b) agree with the Bank on the goods
and services to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan allocated to Part B of the Project during such year.
     Section 3.06.  The Borrower shall, not later than
May 1, 1988, furnish to the Bank for review and comment
the study on the operating practices and policies of TKI
and the measures to be taken to improve the operational
efficiency of TKI.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenant
     Section 4.01. (a)  The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
         (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than five
               months after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
Page  6
               reasonably requested; and
        (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records and
               accounts and the audit thereof as the
               Bank shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
         (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
        (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
         (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 4.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall cause TEK to employ, by October
31, 1987, independent auditors acceptable to the Bank.
     Section 4.03  (a)  Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall cause TEK to maintain
a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of not
less than 1:1.
     (b)  Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years,
the Borrower shall cause TEK, on the basis of forecasts
prepared by TEK and satisfactory to the Bank, to review
whether TEK would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such fiscal year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Borrower
and the Bank the results of such review upon its
completion.
     (c)   If any such review shows that TEK would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
TEK's fiscal years covered by such review, the Borrower
shall cause TEK promptly to take all necessary measures
in order to meet such requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  the term "current assets" means cash, all
               assets which could in the ordinary course
               of business be converted into cash within
               twelve months, including accounts
               receivable, marketable securities,
               inventories and pre-paid expenses
Page  7
               properly chargeable to operating expenses
               within the next fiscal year;
         (ii)  the term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends;
        (iii)  the term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of debt; and
         (iv)  whenever for the purposes of this Section
               it shall be necessary to value, in terms
               of the currency of the Borrower, debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Bank.
     Section 4.04.  (a)  Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall cause TEK, starting
in the 1988 fiscal year, to produce funds from internal
sources equivalent to not less than 35% for each fiscal
year of the annual capital expenditures incurred, or
expected to be incurred, for power projects by TEK and by
DSI during the fiscal year concerned.
     (b)  Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years,
the Borrower shall cause TEK, on the basis of forecasts
prepared by TEK and satisfactory to the Bank, to review
whether TEK would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such fiscal year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Borrower
and the Bank a copy of such review upon its completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that TEK would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
TEK's fiscal years covered by such review, the Borrower
shall take or cause TEK to promptly take all necessary
measures in order to meet such requirements.
     (d) For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "funds from internal sources"
               means the difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations, consumer
                    deposits and consumer contributions
                    in aid of construction, net non-
                    operating income and any reduction
                    in working capital other than cash;
                    and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations including administration,
                    adequate maintenance and taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                    provision for depreciation, other
                    non-cash operating charges and
                    income taxes), debt service
Page  8
                    requirements, all cash dividends and
                    other cash distributions of surplus,
                    increase in working capital other
                    than cash and other cash outflow
                    other than capital expenditures,
                    excluding payments made by TEK to
                    the Borrower's Public Participation
                    Fund.
         (ii)  The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
        (iii)  The term "working capital other than
               cash" means the difference between
               current assets, excluding cash and
               current liabilities at the end of each
               fiscal year.
         (iv)  The term "current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
          (v)  The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes, and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
         (vi)  The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of debt.
        (vii)  The term "capital expenditures" means all
               expenditures by TEK and DSI incurred on
               account of fixed assets, including
               interest charged to construction, related
               to operations.
       (viii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section
               it shall be necessary to value, in terms
               of the currency of the Borrower debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
            Additional Event of Suspension
Page  9
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  an event has occurred which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out; and
     (b)  Decree Law No. 233 of the Borrower published on
June 8, 1984, shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of the State Economic
Enterprises to carry out investments in energy-related
activities and technical assistance under Part B of the
Project.
                      ARTICLE VI
                      Termination
     Section 6.01.  The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Undersecretary of the Treasury
and Foreign Trade of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Basbakanlik
          Hazine Ve Disticaret
          Mustesarligi
          Mithatpasa Caddesi No. 18
          Yenisehir, Ankara
          Republic of Turkey
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MALIYE                821-42285 (MLYE-TR)
or
               Hazine, Ankara        821-42689
(ANK-TR)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD              440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.       248423 (RCA) or
                                       64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
Page  10
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    REPUBLIC OF TURKEY
                    By /s/ Hi Kmet Mugbay
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Hans-Eberhard Kopp
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amount of the Loan to each Category and
the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category.
                     Amount of the
                    Loan Allocated                % of
                     (Expressed in        Expenditure
     Category     Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)  Goods (other than       175,000,000          100% of
foreign
     goods for Part B                        expenditures
     of the Project)
(2)  Goods and services    150,000,000       100% of
foreign
     described in Annex 2                    expenditures
and
     to this Schedule for                    100% of
local
     Part B of the Project                   expenditures
                                        (ex-factory cost)
                                        for goods and
                                        100% of
                                        expenditures for
                                        consultants'
                                        services
          TOTAL              325,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
Page  11
     (a)  expenditures in respect of Category (1) for
goods included in the SITC groups or sub-groups set forth
in Annex 1 to this Schedule;
     (b)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$25,000,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures in respect of Category (1) before that date
but after February 1, 1987;
     (c)  expenditures in respect of Category (1) for
goods procured under contracts costing less than $50,000
equivalent;
     (d)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Bank shall have
financed or agreed to financed; and
     (e)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption.
     4.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment
shall be entered into to pay amounts to the Borrower or
others in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan after the aggregate of the
proceeds of the Loan withdrawn from the Loan Account
under Category (1) and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of
$75,000,000, unless the Bank shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.02 of this
Agreement:
     (a)  with the progress achieved by the Borrower in
the carrying out of the Program; and
     (b)  with the progress achieved with respect to the
actions described in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
5.   If, after such exchange of views, the Bank is not so
satisfied and this situation shall not be rectified by
the Borrower within ninety (90) days after notice thereof
by the Bank, then the Bank, by notice to the Borrower,
may cancel the amount of the Loan unwithdrawn from the
Loan Account or any part thereof.
                 ANNEX 1 TO SCHEDULE 1
Group               Sub-group           Description of Items
112                      -              Alcoholic beverages
121                      -              Tobacco, unmanu-
                                        factured tobacco
                                        refuse
122                      -              Tobacco,
                                        manufactured
667                      -              Pearls, precious and
                                        semi-precious
                                        stones, unworked or
                                        worked
688                      -              Uranium depleted in
                                        U235 and thorium,
                                        and their alloys,
                                        unwrought or
                                        wrought, and
                                        articles therefor,
                                        n.e.s.; waste and
Page  12
                                        scrap of uranium
                                        depleted in U235 and
                                        of thorium
718                   718.7             Nuclear reactors,
                                        and parts thereof,
                                        n.e.s.
897                   897.3             Jewelry of gold,
                                        silver or platinum
                                        group metals (except
                                        watches and watch
                                        cases) and
                                        goldsmiths' or
                                        silversmiths' wares,
                                        (including set gems)
  -                   971.0             Gold, non-monetary
                                        (excluding gold ores
                                        and concentrates)
                 ANNEX 2 TO SCHEDULE 1
  Public
  Sector
 Agencies
    and                            Description of Goods and
Enterprises         Subsector             Services
(1) MENR            Energy         Technical assistance,
                                   computer hardware,
                                   software
(2) TEK             Electricity    Transmission,
                                   distribution,
                                   equipment,
                                   machinery,
                                   rehabilitation,
                                   generating plant and
                                   intermediate goods and
                                   equipment
(3) EIE             Conservation   Technical assistance,
                                   training, energy audits,
                                   retrofitting
(4) TUPRAS          Refineries     Technical assistance,
                                   refinery modernization and
                                   upgrading and intermediate
                                   goods and equipment
(5) POAS            Petroleum      Production and transport
                                   equipment and intermediate
                                   goods and equipment
(6) BOTAS           Pipelines      Telecommunication and
                                   telecontrol equipment,
                                   spare parts, specialized
                                   vehicles and intermediate
                                   goods and equipment
(7) TPAO            Oil explo-     Casing, chemicals, spare
                    ration         parts, consumables,
                                   technical assistance and
                                   intermediate goods and
                                   equipment
(8) GDPA             Oil/gas       Technical assistance,
                     policy        computer hardware,
                                   software and
Page  13
                                   intermediate goods and
                                   equipment
(9) TKI              Lignite       Spare parts,
                                   retrofitting, plant
                                   rehabilitation,
                                   modernization and
                                   intermediate goods and
                                   equipment
(10) TTK             Coal          Washer replacements
                                   and intermediate goods
                                   and equipment
(11) MTA             Mineral       Special vehicles,
                     explora-      spare parts, chemicals,
                     tion          drilling equipment and
                                   intermediate goods and
                                   equipment
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to support the
Borrower's program for the adjustment of the energy
sector and to support the Borrower's 1987 through 1989
public investment program for the energy sector.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Bank and the
Borrower may agree from time to time to achieve such
objectives.
Part A:   Energy Sector Adjustment Program
     The carrying out of a program to strengthen the
institutional framework for the energy sector, to ensure
an economic investment strategy for the sector and to
improve the efficiency of the agencies, institutions and
other entities in the energy sector through operating
efficiencies, economic pricing policies, rational
investment planning and conservation measures and the
purchase of urgently needed imports required during the
carrying out of the Program.
Part B:   Energy Investments
     The carrying out of investments in energy-related
activities and the technical assistance referred to in
Annex 2 to Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
                         *    *    *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1989.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                     Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)*
On each May 15 and November 15
     beginning November 15, 1991
           through May 15, 2004           12,500,000
Page  14
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                                   The interest rate
                                   (expressed as a
                                   percentage per annum)
                                   applicable to the
                                   balance outstanding on
                                   the Loan on the day of
                                   prepayment multiplied
                                   by:
Not more than three years                 0.18
     before maturity
More than three years but                 0.35
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                   0.65
     not more than eleven
     years before maturity
More than eleven years but not            0.88
     more than fifteen years
     before maturity
More than fifteen years                   1.00
     before maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.     Procurement of Goods under Category (1)
               of Paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $15,000,000 or more each shall be
awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
Page  15
          The international community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid.  This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Forum, Business
               Edition; or
         (ii)  an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               international circulation; or
        (iii)  a notice to local representatives of
               countries and territories referred to in
               the Guidelines, that are potential
               suppliers of the goods required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price in a
     single currency widely used in international trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $15,000,000 each shall be awarded on the
basis of the normal procurement procedures of the
purchaser of such goods.
3.   Notwithstanding the provision of paragraph 2 hereof,
contracts for commonly traded commodities may be awarded
on the basis of the quotations available for organized
international commodity markets.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect of such contract, two conformed copies
of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures
followed and such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
5.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect thereof, such documentation and
information as the Bank may reasonably request to support
withdrawal applications in respect of such contract.
6.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 4 and
5 of this Schedule, where payments under a contract are
to be made out of the proceeds of the Special Account,
the copies of such contract or the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to the
provisions of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 of this
Schedule, as the case may be, shall be furnished to the
Bank as part of the evidence required under paragraph 4
Page  16
of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
7.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 4, 5 and
6 shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure.
Section II.    Procurement of Goods under Category (2)
               of Paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in August
1984 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent
of $1,000,000 or more each.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.l hereof, goods
manufactured in Turkey may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
     Computer hardware and software packages, which are
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $100,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $250,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 (the
Special Account Schedule) to this Agreement.
Page  17
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section III:   Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Public Sector Agencies and
Enterprises in carrying out Part B of the Project, the
Public Sector Agencies and Enterprises shall employ
energy consultants as may be necessary whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.  Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 5
       Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b) of
             Schedule 1 to this Agreement
     (a)  Carrying out of the work program of the
regulatory body of MENR, including the development of
computerized procedures for pre-feasibility screening and
appraisal of projects; and introduction of procedures for
analyzing leasing and operating agreements.
     (b)  Carrying out of an independent financial audit
of TEK's records and accounts starting with its 1988
fiscal year.
     (c)  Strengthening of TEK's Board of Directors to
enable it to assume its role as an effective policy
making body and overseer of TEK's management.
     (d)  Preparation of the subsector plans for electric
power, natural gas and refineries.
     (e)  Introduction of a new refinery formula designed
to provide economic incentive to optimize operating and
investment decisions by linking product prices to their
international market value.
     (f)  Introduction of a new tariff structure on the
basis of voltage level in order to simplify the tariff
structure, and the introduction of time-of-day pricing.
     (g)  Carrying out of an energy conservation program,
including the preparation of energy audits of industrial
plants for potential investments to improve energy
efficiency.
                      SCHEDULE 6
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required during the execution of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Page  18
Agreement; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $50,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify.  On the basis of
such requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amounts
as shall be required to replenish the Special Account
with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made
out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
Each such deposit shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account in the respective equivalent amounts as
shall have been justified by the evidence supporting the
request for such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Bank shall have determined that all
               further withdrawals should be made by the
               Borrower directly from the Loan Account
               in accordance with the provisions of
               paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
               Agreement; or
         (ii)  the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan,
               minus the amount of any outstanding
               special commitment entered into by the
               Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
               General Conditions with respect to the
               Project, shall be equal to the equivalent
               of twice the amount of the Authorized
               Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan shall follow
such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
Page  19
the Borrower.  Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Bank shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will
be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account:  (i) was
made for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank, deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank) an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified.  No further deposit
by the Bank into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
