Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2837 ME
               Banxico Project Agreement
          (Ninth Agricultural Credit Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                    BANCO DE MEXICO
                  Dated July 31, 1987
                                   LOAN NUM·BER 2837 ME
               BANXICO PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO DE MEXICO (Banxico).
     WHEREAS   (A)  by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to four hundred million dollars
($400,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Banxico
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a Guarantee Agreement to be entered into
between the United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the
Bank, of even date herewith, a guarantee of the Loan has
been provided to the Bank on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Guarantee Agreement; and
Page  2
     WHEREAS  Banxico, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE  the  parties  hereto  hereby  agree
 as   follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01.  (a)  Banxico declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
3 to the Loan Agreement, and to this end, shall carry out
Parts A, C (i), D (i) and F of the Project, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with sound
administrative, financial, industrial and agricultural
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, all funds, facilities, services and
other resources required by FIRA for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, Banxico shall enter into
the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 2.02
(a) (ii) of the Guarantee Agreement.  Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, Banxico shall not change or fail
to enforce any provision of such contractual
arrangements.
     (c)  Banxico shall carry out the lending operations
under Part A of the Project in accordance with sound
operational policies and in conformity with the
principles and procedures set forth in the Schedule to
this Agreement and FIRA Lending Policies and Operating
Manual.
     Section 2.02.  (a)  Banxico shall cause, unless the
Bank shall otherwise agree, all Sub-loans included in
Part A of the Project to be made on terms whereby the
Participating Bank shall obtain, by written contract with
the Beneficiary or by other appropriate legal means,
rights adequate to protect the interests of Banxico and
the Participating Bank and to accomplish the purposes of
the Project, including the right of the Participating
Bank to: (i) require the Beneficiary to carry out and
operate the Subproject with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, financial,
industrial, agricultural, and managerial standards and to
maintain adequate records; (ii) require that: (A) the
goods and services to be f inanced out of the proceeds of
the Sub-loan shall be purchased at a reasonable price,
account being taken also of other relevant factors such
as time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the
goods and availability of maintenance facilities and
spare parts therefor and, in the case of services, of
their quality and the competence of the parties rendering
them and, to the extent practicable, after evaluation and
comparison of quotations from at least three suppliers,
Page  3
and (B) such goods and services shall be used exclusively
in the carrying out of the Sub-project; (iii) inspect, by
itself or jointly with representatives of the Bank and
Banxico if the Bank shall so request, such goods and the
sites, works, plants and construction included in the
Sub-project, the operation thereof, and any relevant
records and documents; (iv) require that the Beneficiary
shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers
such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts,
as shall be consistent with normal business practice; and
that such insurance cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of Sub-loans to the place of
use or installation, and that any indemnity thereunder be
made payable in a currency freely usable by the
Beneficiary to replace or repair such goods; (v) obtain
all such information as Banxico or the Participating Bank
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to
the administration, operation and financial condition of
the Beneficiary; and (vi) suspend or terminate the right
of the Beneficiary to the use of the proceeds of the
Sub-loan upon failure by such Beneficiary to perform any
of its obligations under its contract with the
Participating Bank.
     (b)  Banxico shall cause each Participating Bank to
exercise its rights in relation to each Sub-loan in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank and
Banxico; (ii) comply with its obligations in respect of
the corresponding Sub-loan; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project.
     (c)  Banxico shall not make available FIRA's credit
facilities financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to
any credit institution,, other than those credit
institutions which currently participate in carrying out
the Prior Project as a Participating Bank, unless such
credit institution has been considered eligible by the
Bank as a Participating Bank.
     (d)  Banxico shall suspend the eligibility of any
Participating Bank to make Sub-loans whenever the arrears
under loans made by any such Participating Bank and
discounted by FIRA exceed 15% of the aggregate
outstanding amount of such loans.
     Section 2.03.  Banxico shall not make any Sub-loan
under the Project in excess of the equivalent of eight
hundred thousand dollars ($800,000), or such other amount
as shall be agreed between the Bank and Banxico, unless
the Bank shall have approved the Sub-loan.  When applying
to the Bank for such approval, Banxico shall furnish to
the Bank a description of the Subproject and such
technical, economic and financial data regarding such
Sub-project as the Bank shall reasonably request.
     Section 2.04.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Parts C (i), D (i) and F of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to
the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  Banxico shall carry out the
obligations  set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of this Project
Agreement and Parts A, C (i), D (i) and F of the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation to the provisions of said
Page  4
Section
9.07 of the General Conditions, Banxico shall provide to
the Bank semiannual reports, beginning on April 30, 1988,
and thereafter through completion of the Project, on the
progress of implementing Part A of the Project, including
analysis of Sub-loan disbursements by categories of
Beneficiaries and repayment of Sub-loans.
     Section 2.06.  Banxico shall: (a) at the request of
the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan; and
     (b)  promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the   accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by Banxico of its obligations
under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of FIRA
     Section 3.01.  Banxico shall carry on the operations
and conduct the affairs of FIRA in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and agricultural practices.
     Section 3.02.  Banxico shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, insurance against such risks
and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a)  Banxico shall maintain, or cause
to be maintained, separate records and accounts adequate
to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting
practices, the operations and expenditures of FIRA in
respect of the Project.
     (b)  Banxico shall:
         (i)   have such accounts, including the
               financial statements (balance sheets,
               statements of income and expenses and
               related statements) of FIRA, for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
        (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A) a
               certified copy of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
       (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said accounts and
               financial statements as well as the audit
               thereof and said records, as the Bank
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
Page  5
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals are requested from the Loan Account on the
basis of statements of expenditure, Banxico shall:
         (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph
               (a) of this Section, separate records and
               accounts reflecting such expenditures;
        (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
       (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
        (iv)   ensure that such separate accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report thereof contains, in respect
               of such separate accounts, a separate
               opinion by said auditors as to whether
               the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in
               respect of such expenditures have been
               used for the purpose for which they were
               provided.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02.  This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of Banxico thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify Banxico thereof.
     Section 5.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing.  Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request.  The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
Page  6
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For Banxico:
          Banco de Mexico
          5 de Mayo, 2
          06059 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
          Cable address:           Telex:
               Banxico             1760147 BMFIME
               06059 Mexico D.F.
               Mexico, D.F.
     Section 6.02.  Any action required or permitted to
be taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Banxico, may
be taken or executed by its Director General or such
other person or persons as Banxico shall designate in
writing, and its Director General shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                      Regional Vice President
                              Latin America and the Caribbean
                    BANCO DE MEXICO
                    By /s/ Antonio Baca Diaz
                                   Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
       Banxico Lending  Policies and Procedures
I.   Medium- and Long-Term Sub-loans
A.   General
Page  7
1.   Banxico, acting as trustee for FIRA, shall finance
Sub-loans made by the Participating Banks.  FIRA's
determination of eligibility for such financing will be
based primarily upon the appraisal as to technical
feasibility and satisfactory return on investments.  Each
Sub-loan shall be appraised and approved by qualified
technicians of, or acceptable to, FIRA before such
Sub-loan is made.  In addition, appraisals of
Sub-projects shall be reviewed from time to time by FIRA,
in order to determine that appraisals by such technicians
show the technical, economic and financial viability of
the Sub-projects and that the appraisals are in
compliance with FIRA's Lending Policies and Operating
Manual.
B.   Lending Policies and Procedures
2.   Banxico shall make available to the respective
Participating Banks, promptly as needed, amounts sufficient
to cover the balance remaining on each Sub-loan after the
Participating Bank has made the required contribution in
accordance with paragraph 3 below.  The financing made
available by Banxico to Participating Banks shall have
the same payment terms regarding principal, interest and
other charges as the Sub-loans financed, and shall be
evidenced by negotiable instruments representing the
Sub-loan to be financed, signed by the Beneficiaries.
3.   In financing Sub-loans, the following rules shall
apply:
(1) Category 1     10%            10%        up to 90%
(2) Category 2     20%            20%        up to 80%
4.   No Sub-loan will be made to an individual
Beneficiary for on-farm investment if the amount of the
proposed Sub-loan together with the aggregate principal
amount outstanding of Sub-loans made for on-farm
investment to such Beneficiary and financed by FIRA
exceeds the equivalent of $260,000, or such other amount
as shall be agreed between the Bank and Banxico.  In case
the Beneficiary is composed of a group of persons, such
amount shall be multiplied by the number of members of
such group.
5.   The lending terms and grace periods shall be as set
forth in the technical and financial plans for each
Sub-project.  Repayments of principal of Sub-loans shall
range from 2 to 15 years and shall include grace periods
of I to 3 years; provided however, that any Sub-loans
made for a Sub-project under PVP shall not have a grace
period and in calculating the economic rate of return for
such Sub-project, capitalized interest shall be included
in investment cost.  In exceptional cases only and with
the prior agreement of the Bank, repayment of principal
for Sub-loans may extend for up to 20 years and, if not
made under PVP, may include a grace period of up to 5
years.
6.   Interest rates on Sub-loans shall be established and
periodically readjusted in accordance with the provisions
of the General Interest Rate Agreement.  In financing
Sub-loans made by Participating Banks, Banxico shall
allow the following margins to such Participating Banks:
(i) up to 10% of the Reference Rate (as that term is
defined in the General Interest Rate Agreement, also
known as "CPP") for the month preceding the making of the
Sub-loan, or such other percentage of the Reference Rate
Page  8
or percentage point margin as shall be agreed betweeen
the Guarantor and  the Bank, with respect to Sub-loans to
Category I Beneficiaries; and (ii) up to 10% of the
Reference Rate for the month preceding the making of the
Sub-loan, or such other percentage of the Reference Rate
or percentage point margin as shall be agreed between the
Guarantor and the Bank, with respect to Sub-loans to
Category 2 Beneficiaries.
II.  Short-term Sub-loan Policies and Procedures
1.   The appraisal and approval of Sub-projects to be
financed out of the proceeds of a Short-term Sub-loan and
the supervision of the same shall be made in accordance
with the FIRA Lending Policies and Operating Manual.
2.   In financing Short-term Sub-loans, the interest rate
to be charged to the Beneficiaries shall be as provided
for in the General Interest Rate Agreement; repayment of
principal shall not exceed two years.
3.   In financing Short-term Sub-loans, the following
rules shall apply:
(1) Category 1     10%            10%        up to 90%
(2) Category 2     20%            20%        up to 80%
4.   Short-term Sub-loans to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be incremental to FIRA's total
short-term lending for the previous year.  By November 30
of each year, starting on November 30, 1987, FIRA will
provide the Bank with an estimate of its incremental
short-term lending for the subsequent year.  Such amount
shall be revised against FIRA's actual incremental
Short-term Sub-loans financed under the Project during
each such year, as audited, and any difference resulting
therefrom shall be added to or substracted from, the
estimated amount to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan as Short-term Sub-loans during the following
year.
