Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2837 ME
                    Loan Agreement
          (Ninth Agricultural Credit Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
              NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                  Dated July 31, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2837 ME
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C. (the
Borrower).
     WHEREAS   (A)  The UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(hereinafter the "Guarantor") has undertaken to carry out
the Financing Plan (as hereinafter defined), has declared
its commitment to implement the Financing Plan and has
requested the assistance of the Bank in support of the
same;
     (B)  the Guarantor and the Borrower, having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
Page  2
     (C)  by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of
even date herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank,
the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of
the Borrower in respect of the Loan;
     (D)  by the Banxico Project Agreement of even date
herewith, between the Bank and Banco de Mexico (Banxico),
the latter has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in the Banxico Project Agreement; and
     (E)  by the Banrural Project Agreement of even date
herewith, between the Bank and Banco Nacional de Credito
Rural (Banrural), the latter has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in the Banrural Project Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing and in support of the Financing
Plan and the Project, to provide such assistance by
extending the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement with the modification that the
last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Financing Plan" means the 1986-87 Commercial
Bank Financing Package for Mexico, as set forth in the
Guarantor's Economic Program of Growth-Oriented
Adjustment and Structural Reform, dated October 16, 1986,
distributed to commercial banks;
     (c)  "Banxico" means Banco de Mexico, acting as
trustee for FIRA (hereinafter defined);
     (d)  "Banrural" means Banco Nacional de Credito
Rural, acting as trustee for FICART (hereinafter
defined);
     (e)  "FONDO Trust Agreement" means the Contrato de
Fideicomiso dated June 24, 1955, between the Guarantor
and Banxico whereby the Fondo de Garantia y Fomento para
la Agricultura, Ganaderia y Avicultura (FONDO) was
entrusted To Banxico, as trustee;
     (f)  "FEFA Trust Agreement" means the Contrato de
Fideicomiso dated August 26, 1965, between the Guarantor
and Banxico whereby the Fondo Especial para
Financiamientos Agropecuarios (FEFA) was entrusted to
Banxico, as trustee;
     (g)  "FEGA Trust Agreement" means the Contrato de
Fideicomiso dated October 30, 1972 between the Guarantor
Page  3
and Banxico, whereby the Fondo Especial de Asistencia
Tecnica y Garantia para Creditos Agropecuarios (FEGA) was
entrusted to Banxico, as trustee;
     (h)  "FIRA" means collectively FONDO, FEFA and FEGA,
and the technical  and administrative organization,
resources, staff and facilities used, or to be used, by
Banxico to operate, as trustee, FONDO, FEFA and FEGA;
     (i)  "FICART" means the Contrato de Fideicomiso
dated February 11, 1970, entered into between the
Guarantor and Banrural, as amended on June 4, 1981,
whereby the Fideicomiso para Credito en Areas de Riego y
Temporal was entrusted to Banrural as trustee, and the
term includes the technical and administrative
organization resources, staff and facilities used, or to
be used, by Banrural to operate FICART as trustee;
     (j)  "Banxico Project Agreement" means the agreement
between the Bank and Banxico of even date herewith, as
such agreement may be amended from time to time;
     (k)  "Banrural Project Agreement" means the
agreement between the Bank and Banrural of even date
herewith, as such agreement may be amended from time to
time;
     (l)  "Project Agreements"  means collectively the
Banxico and Banrural Project Agreements;
     (m)  "Participating Banks" means any credit
institution eligible to participate in the carrying out
of the Project as financial intermediaries;
     (n)  "Beneficiary" means a person or a group of
persons or an entity having juridical capacity under the
laws of the Guarantor to enter into contractual
arrangements, who are predominantly engaged in
agricultural activities and to which a Participating Bank
proposes to make or has made a Sub-loan (hereinafter
defined); the term "Beneficiary" includes the following
categories of Beneficiaries:
         (i)   Category I Beneficiary - means an
               individual beneficiary whose main source
               of income is derived from farming and
               whose annual net family income does not
               exceed 1,000 times the daily minimum
               rural wage for the region where such
               Beneficiary is located, or a group of
               such Beneficiaries; and
        (ii)   Category 2 Beneficiary  -  means all
               other Beneficiaries.
     For the purpose of this definition, "net family
income" means the income of a family calculated by adding
the total income of all members of such family from its
farm, or its share in the income of a farm cultivated
collectively, and any other income from any outside
source, whenever information about such income can be
obtained.  For this purpose, income from farming will be
calculated as follows: the amount of sales of products,
adjusted for the value of changes in the stock of unsold
products, less costs of all inputs (seeds, fertilizers,
insecticides, fuel, water, etc.), hired labor, hired
machinery, crop insurance, interest on short- and
long-term loans, administration and depreciation;
     (o)  "Sub-loan" means a loan made, or proposed to be
made, by a Participating Bank to a Beneficiary for a
Sub-project (hereinafter defined) pursuant to the
Page  4
provisions of the Project Agreements, and to be partially
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; "Medium-and
Long-term Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan made, or proposed to
be made, under the terms and conditions specified in Part
I of each of the Schedules to the Project Agreements;
"Short-term Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan made or proposed
to be made, under the terms and conditions specified in
Part II of the Schedules to the Project Agreements;
     (p)  "Sub-project" means a project carried out or to
be carried out by a Beneficiary including one or more of
the following: (i) on-farm investment for crop or
livestock production or production improvement; (ii)
investments for the establishment or expansion or
improvement of primary processing agro-industries,
including, inter alia, sawmills, feedmills, grain
elevators, milk processing plants, slaughterhouse
facilities and fisheries; and (iii) provision of working
capital to support the carrying out of the Beneficiary's
activities;
     (q)  "FIRA Lending Policies and Operating Manual"
means the
Manual de Operacion of FIRA as of the date of this
Agreement;
     (r)  "FICART Lending Policies and Operating Manual"
means
the Manual de Operacion of FICART as of the date of this
Agreement;
     (s)  "General Interest Rate Agreement" means the
General
Agreement on Interest Rates Applicable to Credit
Operations of Fondos de Fomento financed by the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development,
entered into between the Guarantor and the Bank, dated
August 7, 1984, as amended;
     (t)  "PVP" means Sistema de Pagos a Valor Presente
(Present Value Payment System), a repayment  system  in
which  the  interest on a loan is calculated and paid in
respect of each principal repayment installment as from
the date the loan is made up to date of repayment of each
such principal installment; and
     (u)  "Prior Project" means the Project described in
Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement dated September 26,
1985, between the Bank and Banxico, partially financed
out of the proceeds of Loan No. 2610 ME made by the Bank
to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement of even date
therewith.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to four hundred million dollars
($400,000,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a)  The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Bank and the Borrower for expenditures made
or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement and
Page  5
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a Special Account
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1991 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.  The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
of such later date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time  at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half  percent per annum
above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Guarantor and the Borrower of
the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
         (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
        (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
       (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or
               the
               second six months of a calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
principal amount of the Loan in accordance with the
Amortization Schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Transfer of Loan Proceeds
     Section 3.01.  The Borrower shall enter into
contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with
the Guarantor providing for, inter alia: (a) the transfer
to the Guarantor of the proceeds of the Loan; (b) the
transfer by the Guarantor to FIRA of such portion of the
proceeds of the Loan as shall be required by FIRA for
purposes of carrying out Parts A, C (i), D (i) and F of
Page  6
the Project; (c) the transfer by the Guarantor to FICART
of such portion of the proceeds of the Loan as shall be
required by FICART for purposes of carrying out Parts B,
C (ii) and D (ii) of the Project; and (d) the transfer by
the Guarantor to the Borrower of such funds which the
Borrower shall be required to pay to the Bank on account
of principal, interest, and other charges on the Loan.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not change, or fail to enforce, any provision of
such contractual arrangements.
                      ARTICLE IV
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 4.01.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Parts C, D and F of the Project and
to be financed out of the  proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     Section 4.02.  The Bank and the Borrower hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition) shall be carried out: in respect of Parts A,
C (i), D (i) and F of the Project by Banxico, pursuant to
Section 2.05 of the Banxico Project Agreements; in
respect of Parts B, C (ii) and D (ii) of the Project by
Banrural pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Banrural Project
Agreement.
     Section 4.03.  The Borrower shall:
         (i)   have the Special Account, for each fiscal
               year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
        (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A) a
               certified copy of such account f or such
               year as so audited and (B) the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the Bank
               shall have reasonably requested;
       (iii)   furnish to the Bank, each month,
               certified statements of the Special
               Account; and
        (iv)   furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said account, as
               well as the audit thereof, as the Bank
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  Banxico shall have failed to perform any of its
Page  7
obligations under the Banxico Project Agreement;
     (b)  Banrural shall have failed to perform any of
its obligations under the Banrural Project Agreement;
     (c)  a change shall have been made in the FONDO
Trust Agreement, the FEFA Trust Agreement, the FEGA Trust
Agreement, or the FICART Trust Agreement, which would
materially and adversely affect the carrying out of the
Project;
     (d)  a resolution shall have been passed for the
dissolution or liquidation of FONDO, FEFA, FEGA or
FICART;
     (e)  a change shall have been made in either the
FIRA or the FICART Lending Policies and Operating Manual
which would materially and adversely affect the carrying
out of the Project; and
     (f)  an event shall have occurred which would
materially and adversely affect the carrying out of the
Financing Plan.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) of
Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall have occurred and shall
continue for a period of sixty days after notice thereof
shall have been given by the Bank to the Borrower, the
Guarantor, and when appropriate, to Banxico or Banrural;
and
     (b)  any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) of
Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions, namely that the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement and Section 2.02 (a) of the Guarantee Agreement
shall have been executed.
     Section 6.02.  The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Banxico Project Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and
delivered on behalf of, Banxico, and is legally binding
upon Banxico in accordance with its terms;
     (b)  that the Banrural Project Agreement has  been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and
delivered on behalf of, Banrural, and is legally binding
upon Banrural in accordance with its terms; and
     (c)  that the contractual arrangements referred to
in Section 3.01 of this Agreement and Section 2.02 (a) of
the Guarantee Agreement have been duly executed and
delivered on behalf of the parties thereto and are
Page  8
legally binding upon them in accordance with their
respective terms.
     Section 6.03.  The date October 29, 1987, is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Director Internacional of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Borrower:
          Direccion Internacional
          Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
          Plaza NAFINSA
          Insurgentes Sur 1971
          Torre Sur 90 Piso
          CP 01020 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
          Cable address:           Telex:
               NAFIN                    NAFIME 1772877 or
               Mexico City              NAFIME 1772809
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                              Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the Caribbean
                    NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
Page  9
                    By /s/ Ernesto Marcos Giacoman
                                   Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE I
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditure for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                        Amount of the
                       Loan Allocated        % of
                        (Expressed in    Expenditures
     Category        Dollar Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)  Medium-and Long-                   )
     Term Sub-loans                     )
     made by Banxico                    )
     under Part A of                    )
     the Project:                       )
                                        )
     (i)  to Category 1   83,700,000    )
          Beneficiaries                 )
                                        )
    (ii)  to Category 2  138,100,000    )
           Beneficiaries                )
                                        )
(2)  Medium-and Long-Term               )
     Sub-loans made under PVP           )
     by Banxico under Part A            )
     of the Project:                    )
                                        )
     (i)  to Category 1                 ) 60% of disburse-
          Beneficiaries    7,000,000    ) ments made by
                                        ) Banxico for Sub-
    (ii)  to Category 2       11,700    ) loans  made  by
          Beneficiaries                 ) Participating Banks
                                        )
(3)  Short-term Sub-Loans               )
     made by Banxico under              )
     Part A of the Project:             )
                                        )
     (i)  to Category 1  16,0000,000    )
          Beneficiaries                 )
                                        )
    (ii)  to Category 2   16,000,000    )
          Beneficiaries                 )
(4)  Civil works and equip-             )
     ment under Part C (i)              )
     of the Project        2,000,000    ) 100% of foreign
                                        ) expenditures and
(5)  Civil works and equip-3,000,000    ) 50% of local
     ment under Part F                  ) expenditures
     of the Project                     )
(6)  Consultants'services  2,500,000    ) 100% of expendi-
     and training under                 ) tures for consul-
     Parts C (i) and D (i)              ) tants' services;
     of the Project                     ) 100% of foreign
                                        ) expenditures  and
                                        ) 80% of local
                                        ) expenditures  for
                                        ) training
(7)  Medium-and Long-term               )
     Sub-loans made by                  )
Page  10
     by Banrural under                  )
     the Project:                       )
                                        )
     (i)  to Category 1   53,800,000    )
          Beneficiaries                 )
                                        )
    (ii)  to Category 2   13,450,000    ) 60% of  disburse-
          Beneficiaries                 ) ments made  by
                                        ) Banrural for Sub-
(8)  Medium-and Long-Term               ) loans made  by
     Sub-loans under PVP                ) Participating
     made by Banrural  under            ) Banks
     Part B of the  Project             )
                                        )
     (i)  to Category 1    5,000,000    )
          Beneficiaries                 )
                                        )
    (ii)  to Category 2    1,250,000    )
          Beneficiaries                 )
(9)  Short-term Sub-loans               )
     made by Banrural under             ) 60% of disburse-
     Part B of the Project:             ) ments made by
                                        ) Banrural for Sub-
     (i)  to Category 1    4,000,000    ) loans made by
          Beneficiaries                 ) Participating
                                        ) Banks
    (ii)  to Category 2      1,000,000  )
          Beneficiaries                 )
(10) Civil Works and           750,000  ) 100% of foreign
     equipment under                    ) expenditures and
     Part C (ii) of                     ) 50% of local
     the Project                        ) expenditures
(11) Consultants' services     750,000  ) 100% of expendi-
     and training under                 ) tures for
     Parts C (ii) and                   ) consultants'
     D (ii) of the Project              ) services;  100% of
                                        ) foreign expendi-
                                        ) tures and 80% of
                                        ) local expenditures
                                        ) for training
(12) Unallocated            40,000,000
          TOTAL           $400,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Guarantor for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Guarantor; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Guarantor or for
goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Guarantor.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$40,000,000, may be made in respect of Categories (1),
(2), (3), (6), (7), (8), (9) and (11) on account of
payments made before that date but after January 1, 1987;
Page  11
     (b)  disbursements made by Banxico or Banrural to
Participating Banks to finance any Sub-loan which
exceeds, or shall exceed, the equivalent of eight hundred
thousand dollars ($800,000), unless such Sub-loan shall
have been approved by the Bank;
     (c)  disbursements made by Banxico or Banrural to
Participating Banks with respect to Categories 3 and 9,
respectively, unless the Bank shall have been provided
with evidence satisfactory to the Bank that such
Short-term Sub-loans will be incremental to loans made in
the previous year by Participating Banks and financed by
Banxico or Banrural;
     (d)  disbursements made by Banxico or Banrural to
Participating Banks to finance Sub-loans during any
six-month period of time, unless the Bank has received
the evidence referred to in Section 2.02 of the General
Interest Rate Agreement for said time period with respect
to Category II of the table set forth in Schedule I to
said Agreement, as amended, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree; and
     (e)  expenditures under Part F of the Project,
unless the Bank shall have been satisfied with the plans,
specifications, location, proposed contract packaging and
economic feasibility study, with respect to the office
building.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                 Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                   (expressed in dollars)*
On each April 15 and October 15
     beginning October 15, 1990
     through  October 15, 2001          16,665,000
On April 15, 2002                       16,705,000
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The  following  premiums  are  specified  for   the
 purposes   of Section 3.04 (b) of the General
Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment            Premium
                             The interest rate
                             (ex-pressed  as  a
                             percentage per  annum)
                             applicable  to the
                             balance   outstanding on
                             the  Loan  on  the  day of
Page  12
                             prepayment   multiplied
                             by:
Not more than three years             0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but             0.40
     not more than six years
     before   maturity
More than six years but               0.73
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not        0.87
     more than thirteen years
     before  maturity
more than thirteen years before       1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 3
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the project are to: (i) increase
agricultural productivity and production in the territory
of the Guarantor, thereby creating conditions to increase
exports, improve food self-sufficiency and increase farm
income; and (ii) continue to strengthen the institutional
capabilities and financial condition of FIRA and FICART.
The Project consists of the following Parts:
Part A:   Credit through FIRA
     Financing of Sub-projects through the provision of
Short term  Sub-loans, and Medium-and Long-term
Sub-loans.
Part B:   Credit through FICART
     Financing of Sub-projects through the provision of
Short-term Sub-loans, and Medium-and Long-term Sub-loans.
Part C:   Technical Assistance
     (i)  Expansion of FIRA's technical assistance
          program to promote the adoption of new and
          improved technology by farmers, including
          technical assistance to production units,
          construction and equipping of demonstration
          centers, land improvement and development,
          crop and forage establishment, acquisition and
          utilization of agricultural machinery,
          vehicles, equipment, and livestock.
    (ii)  Expansion of FICART's technical assistance
          program to promote the adoption of new and
          improved technology by farmers, including
          technical assistance to production units,
          construction and equipping of demonstration
          centers, land improvement and development,
          crop and forage establishment, acquisition and
          utilization of agricultural machinery,
          vehicles, equipment, and livestock.
Part D:   Support Services
     (i)  Training of FIRA's technical staff, including
          fellowships, overseas training, and
          scholarships for postgraduate degrees and
Page  13
          strengthening of FIRA's planning, programming,
          project-monitoring and evaluation
          capabilities, in addition to training the
          corresponding technical staff of Participating
          Banks and production units.
    (ii)  Training of FICART's technical staff,
          including fellowships, overseas training, and
          scholarships for postgraduate degrees and
          strengthening of FICART's planning,
          programming, project-monitoring and evaluation
          capabilities, in addition to training the
          corresponding technical staff of Participating
          Banks and production units.
Part E:   Agricultural Financial Subsector Study
     The carrying out of a study of the agricultural
financial subsector in Mexico.
Part F:   Office Building
     The construction and equipping of FIRA's
headquarters
office building in a farming region.
                      SCHEDULE 4
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
         under Parts C, D and F of the Project
Section I:     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   Limited International Bidding
     Civil works and equipment under Parts C and F of the
Project estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
more may be procured under contracts awarded through
limited international bidding procedures on the basis of
evaluation and comparison of bids invited from a list of
at least three qualified suppliers, one of which shall be
from a country other than the Guarantor, all eligible
under the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans
and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines) and in accordance with the procedures set
forth in Section I and II of the Guidelines (excluding
paragraphs 2.8, 2.99 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
Part B:   Local Competitive Bidding
     Civil works and equipment under Part C of the
Project, and civil works and equipment under Part F of
the Project estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$100,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part C:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods and
civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior
Page  14
to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized  withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements  of expenditure.  Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance  with Section 4.01 (c)
(ii) of each of the Project Agreements.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines.
Section II:    Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist Banxico and Banrural in carrying
out the Project, Banxico and Banrural shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank.  Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "Eligible Categories" means the
Categories set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, except Category (12), and
the term "Category" means any one of the Eligible
Categories;
     (b)  the term "Eligible Expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for carrying out the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated
from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of, and in the percentages
provided in, Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Initial Deposit" means an amount
equivalent to forty million dollars ($40,000,000) to be
withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited in the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out  of  the  Special  Account  shall  be
made  exclusively for  Eligible  Expenditures  in
accordance  with  the  provisions of this Schedule.  The
Borrower shall make withdrawals from the Special Account
for payments of Eligible Expenditures on the basis of the
evidence that the Bank shall have reasonably determined,
and shall debit the Special Account with the amount in
dollars so withdrawn or with the dollar equivalent of the
Page  15
currency other than dollars in which the payment was
made, determined on the basis of the rate of exchange
between the dollar and such currency in effect: (i) on
the date of each payment, if the withdrawal from the
Special Account in respect of such payment has been made
within 90 days of the date of the payment, or in the case
of Sub-loans under Parts A and B of the Project requiring
prior approval by the Bank, within 90 days of the date on
which the Bank has issued its approval of each such
Sub-loan; or (ii) on the date each withdrawal shall have
been made.
3.   The Bank may, at the request of the Borrower,
withdraw on behalf of the Borrower from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account the Initial Deposit.
Thereafter, and on the basis of requests by the Borrower
furnished to the Bank at such intervals as the Bank shall
specify, the Bank shall further so withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amounts
as shall be required to replenish the Special Account for
Eligible Expenditures, but only to the extent that the
amount of any such deposit, together with any amount
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such request, shall not exceed, in the aggregate,
the equivalent of the Initial Deposit.  Except as the
Bank may otherwise agree, each such deposit after the
Initial Deposit shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account under the respective Eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by the evidence supporting the request for
such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   Prior to or at the time of each request by the
Borrower for a deposit by the Bank into the Special
Account after the initial deposit, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank in respect of each payment made by
the Borrower out of the Special Account such documents
and other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, when the total unwithdrawn amount of the
Loan allocated to the Categories, minus the amount of any
outstanding qualified agreement to reimburse made by the
Bank and any outstanding special commitment entered into
by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions, shall be equal to the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Initial Deposit, the Bank shall be
entitled, after consultation with the Borrower, to reduce
the percentage of disbursements for Eligible Expenditures
or take any other action which will ensure the Bank that
by the time of disbursement of the total amount of the
proceeds of the Loan, all deposits (including the Initial
Deposit made by the Bank into the Special Account) were
made for Eligible Expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for any
expenditure or in any amount not eligible for financing
by withdrawal from the Loan Account; or (ii) was not
justified by the documentation furnished pursuant to
paragraph (4) above,   the Bank shall notify the Borrower
of such circumstances, and if, after a period of 30 days
from the issuance of such notice, an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified has not been deposited by the
Borrower into the Special Account or, if the Bank shall
so request, refunded to the Bank, the Bank may, without
in any way restricting or limiting any other right, power
or remedy of the Bank under the Loan Agreement, refrain
Page  16
from making further deposits into such Account.
     (b)  If any amount outstanding in the Special
Account will not be required to cover further payments
for Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice f rom the Bank, and unless otherwise agreed
by the Bank, refund to the Bank such amount then
outstanding in the Special Account for crediting to the
Loan Account and immediate cancellation.
