Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2837 ME
                  Guarantee Agreement
          (Ninth Agricultural Credit Project)
                        between
                 UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 31, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2837 ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1987, between UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS   (A)  the Guarantor has undertaken to carry
out the Financing Plan (as defined in the Loan
Agreement), has declared its commitment to implement the
Financing Plan and has requested the assistance of the
Bank in support of the same;
     (B)  the Guarantor and NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
Page  2
     (C)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to four hundred million dollars
($400,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this
Agreement;
     (D)  by the Banxico Project Agreement, of even date
herewith, between the Bank and Banco de Mexico (Banxico),
the latter has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in the Banxico Project Agreement;
     (E)  by the Banrural Project Agreement of even date
herewith, between the Bank and Banco Nacional de Credito
Rural (Banrural), the latter has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in the Banrural Project Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modification set forth in Section 1.01
of the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions, the Preamble to this Agreement and in Section
1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01.  The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
3 to the Loan Agreement, and to this end, without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not merely as surety, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, Banxico and Banrural as set
forth in the Loan Agreement, the Banxico Project
Agreement and the Banrural Project Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  (a)  The Guarantor shall: (i) enter
into the contractual arrangements with the Borrower
referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement; (ii)
enter into contractual arrangements with Banxico, under
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, which
shall provide, inter alia, for the transfer to FIRA of
such portion of the proceeds of the Loan as shall be
Page  3
required by FIRA for the purpose of carrying out Parts A,
C (i), D (i) and F of the Project; and (iii) enter into
contractual arrangements with Banrural, under terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank, which shall provide,
inter alia, for the transfer to FICART of such portion of
the proceeds of the Loan as shall be required by FICART
for  the purpose of carrying out Parts B, C (ii) and D
(ii) of the Project.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce any
provision of the contractual arrangements referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section.
     (c)  Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 and paragraphs (a) and (b) of
this Section of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable
cause to believe that the funds available to Banxico,
Banrural, or both, will be inadequate to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the
Bank, promptly to provide or cause to be provided to
Banxico, Banrural, or both, with such funds as are needed
to meet such expenditures.
     Section 2.03.  Without limitation to the provisions
of Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement, the Guarantor
shall, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, take all
necessary action to ensure that adequate funds are
budgeted annually to FIRA and FICART so as to prevent any
material capital erosion, in real terms, which FIRA or
FICART may have incurred during the immediately
preceeding year on account of all their lending
operations after January 1, 1986.  For the purpose of
this Section the term "capital" means the sum of the
total paid-in capital, retained earnings, and reserves of
FIRA or FICART not specifically allocated to cover other
liabilities.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01.  Without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its obligations under this Agreement, the
Guarantor shall not take, or permit to be taken, any
action which would prevent or interfere with the
performance by Banxico of its obligations under the
Banxico Project Agreement, or with the performance of
Banrural of its obligations under the Banrural Project
Agreement.
     Section 3.02.  The Guarantor shall: (i) by not later
than January 31, 1988, carry out the study included in
Part B of the Project, under terms of reference as agreed
between the Guarantor and the Bank, and thereafter
exchange views with the Bank on the conclusions and
recommendations of such study; and (ii) starting on March
31, 1988, implement such recommendations within a time
period acceptable to the Bank.
     Section 3.03.  For purposes of Sections 6.02 (c) and
(d) and 7.01 (e) of the General Conditions, the
obligations of Mexico under the General Interest Rate
Agreement are hereby incorporated as obligations of the
Guarantor as if they were fully set forth herein.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  4
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01.  The Director General de Credito
Publico of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Direccion General de Credito Publico
          Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional
          Edificio 10 PB
          06066 Mexico D.F.
          Mexico
                                   Telex:
                                        1777313-SHDCME or
                                        01774300
                                        Mexico City
For the Bank:
     International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
     Cable address:                Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                        64145  (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                    By /s/ Ernesto Marcos Giacoman
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                      Regional Vice President
                              Latin America and the Caribbean
Page  5
