Page  1
                               JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
                       RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2352 SL
               Japanese Grant Agreement
            (Reconstruction Import Program)
                        between
               REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    provided by the
             MINISTRY OF FINANCE OF JAPAN
                Dated December 18, 1990
               JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 18, 1990, between REPUBLIC
OF SIERRA LEONE (the Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (IDA) acting as Administrator
(the Administrator) of grant funds provided by the
MINISTRY OF FINANCE OF JAPAN (the Ministry).
     WHEREAS:(A) pursuant to the Arrangements dated July
30, 1990, between the Ministry, the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank), and IDA,
the Ministry has requested IDA, and IDA has agreed, to
administer grant funds to be made available by the
Ministry for the financing of certain programs and
projects supported by IDA in accordance with the
provisions of such letter agreement;
     WHEREAS: (B) the Recipient has requested and Japan
has agreed to make available to the Recipient a grant
(the Grant) out of said grant funds to finance the cost
of carrying out the technical assistance described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement (the Technical Assistance)
on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985 (the General Conditions), constitute an
integral part of this Agreement, subject, however, to the
following modifications thereto:
Page  2
     (a)  the term "Association" wherever used in the
General Conditions, other than in Sections 2.01 (8) and
6.02 (f) thereof, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Grant pursuant
to the Arrangements between the Ministry, the Bank and
IDA referred to in Recital (A) of this Agreement, except
that in Section 6.02, the term "Association" shall also
include IDA acting in its own capacity;
     (b)  the term "Borrower" wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the Recipient;
     (c)  the term "Development Credit Agreement"
wherever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit" wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grant;
     (e)  the term "Credit Account" wherever used in the
General Conditions, shall be amended to read the Grant
Account;
     (f)  the term "Project" wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the technical assistance described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement;
     (g)  Section 4.01. shall be modified to read:
          "Withdrawals from the Grant Account shall be
     made in yen; provided, however, that if the
     expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of
     the Grant have been paid or are payable in another
     currency, the Administrator shall, at the request
     of the Recipient, purchase such currency with the
     proceeds of such withdrawal.";
     (h)  Sections 2.01 (5), (7), (12), (13), (14), (15),
(16), (17) and (19), 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03,
4.04, 4.05, 4.06, 4.07, 4.08, 4.10, 6.02 (a)(i), 6.02
(g), 6.02 (h), 6.05, 6.07, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 9.01 (b),
9.02, 9.03, 10.02, 12.01, 12.02, 12.03, 12.04 and 12.05
are deleted; and
     (i)  The second and third sentences of Section 4.09
are deleted.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Recitals to
this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth; and the terms "yen" and "Y" mean the currency of
Japan.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Recipient, on the terms and conditions herein set
forth or referred to, the Grant in an amount of one
hundred twenty million yen (Y120,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Grant Account by the Recipient in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, as such Schedule may be amended from time to
time by agreement between the Recipient and the
Administrator.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
Page  3
1992, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Recipient of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
         Execution of the Technical Assistance
     Section 3.01. (a) The Recipient shall carry out the
Technical Assistance through the Recipient's Ministry of
Finance with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative and
engineering practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Technical Assistance.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and, except as the
Recipient and the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
the Recipient shall carry out the Technical Assistance in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.02. In order to assist the Recipient in
carrying out the Technical Assistance, the Recipient
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment are satisfactory
to the Administrator. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Administrator, on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Administrator in August 1981.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Recipient shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Technical Assistance of the departments or agencies of
the Recipient responsible for carrying out the Technical
Assistance or any part thereof.
     (b)  The Recipient shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Administrator;
          (ii) furnish to the Administrator, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               four months after the end of each such
               year, the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Administrator shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Administrator such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Administrator shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon its execution by the parties hereto.
Page  4
     Section 4.02. This Agreement shall continue in
effect until the Grant has been fully disbursed and the
parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations hereunder.
                       ARTICLE V
              Representation; Transfer of
                Rights and Obligations
     Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Recipient shall be the representative of the Recipient
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Recipient:
          The Honourable Minister
          Ministry of Finance
          George Street
          Freetown
          Sierra Leone
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ____________             __________
               ____________
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI)
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Colombia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
               By /s/ Thomas Taylor Morgan
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               as Administrator of the Grant
               By /s/ Jorge Barrientos
                                        Acting Director
                              Western Africa Department
Page  5
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant, the
allocation of the amount of the Grant to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Grant Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category                Yen)        to be Financed
(1)    Consultants'   104,600,000       100%
   services
(2)    Office equip-   10,500,000       100% of foreign
   ment and                             expenditures and
   materials                            75% of local
                                        expenditures
(3)    Unallocated      4,900,000
       TOTAL          120,000,000
2. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement or
for goods not eligible under this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
          Description of Technical Assistance
   The Technical Assistance is intended to assist the
Recipient in the carrying out of:
A: Studies under the medium term adjustment program
which will focus on public sector management as described
below:
      (i)    Diagnostic Study
             -  review of all major public enterprises
                to determine which should continue to
                operate as public enterprises and which
                should be divested or sold.
      (ii)   Commercialization Program for enterprises
             remaining in the public sector to:
             (A)    Establish accurate accounts for
                    large key enterprises including the
                    municipal water authority, the port
                    authority, and external
                    telecommunications.
             (B)    Prepare performance contracts for
                    the major entities, including
                    provision for annual tariff review.
             (C)    Develop monitoring capacity in the
                    Ministry of Finance to oversee
                    enterprises.
      (iii)  Divestiture
             -  Preparation of a plan of action to
                enable the Recipient to embark upon a
Page  6
                process of divestiture, liquidation or
                sale of selected public enterprises.
      (iv)   Marketing Board
             -  Conduct of an operational review of the
                Produce Marketing Board to determine the
                role it should play in the purchase and
                export of coffee and cocoa, and to
                decide on possible divestiture of state
                owned farms/plantations.
      (v)    Refinery
             -  Examination of the operations of the
                Sierra Leone Petroleum Refinery Company
                to determine its role under liberalized
                marketing arrangements.
B: Assisting the Recipient to prepare the Reconstruction
Import Program under which financing will be provided for
essential goods and services for the mining, agriculture
and transport sectors to expand exports and assist in
putting the economy on a growth path.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                Implementation Program
1. The Recipient's Ministry of Finance shall be
responsible for the implementation of the Technical
Assistance in consultation with the Recipient's Ministry
of Industries and State Enterprises.
2. In order to assist the Recipient in the
implementation of the Technical Assistance a coordinating
unit shall be set up in the said Ministry of Finance.
3. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrator, the
Ministry of Finance shall ensure that the studies are
completed by June 30, 1991.
