Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2352 SL
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Reconstruction Import Credit)
                              between
                     REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated April 15, 1992
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2352 SL
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 15, 1992, between the REPUBLIC OF
SIERRA LEONE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIA-
TION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
March 13, 1992, 1992, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the
Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of
the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association in the
financing of urgently needed imports required during such execution;
and
Page  2
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in three tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and
      furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in such
      detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on the
      execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to the
      Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower
      and the Association of their respective obligations under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (b)   "First Tranche" means the amount referred to in Schedule
1 to this Agreement equivalent to SDR 19,700,000 to be withdrawn
from the proceeds of the Credit after the Effective Date in
accordance with the provisions of the Development Credit Agreement;
      (c)   "Second Tranche" means an amount equivalent to
SDR 5,900,000 to be withdrawn from the proceeds of the Credit after
the First Tranche in accordance with provisions of the Development
Credit Agreement;
      (d)   "Third Tranche" means an amount equivalent to
SDR 5,800,000 to be withdrawn from the proceeds of the Credit after
the Second Tranche in accordance with the provisions of the
Development Credit Agreement;
      (e)   "BSL" means the Bank of Sierra Leone;
      (f)   "Project Unit" means the Project Unit referred to in
Section 3.04 (a) of this Agreement;
      (g)   "SAPS Committee" means the Structural Adjustment Program
Steering Committee referred to in Section 3.04 (b) of this
Agreement; and
      (h)   "Technical Committee" means the Technical Committee
Page  3
referred to in Section 3.04 (d) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-
one million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
31,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reason-
able cost of goods required during the execution of the Program.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
October 1, 2002 and ending April 1, 2032. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on April 1, 2012 shall be  one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
Page  4
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The Governor of the Bank of Sierra Leone
(BSL) is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts BSL with responsibility for the preparation
of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for the collection
of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the Associa-
tion in support of such applications; such withdrawal applications
shall, to the extent practicable, be consolidated so as to apply for
withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than $250,000
equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
Page  5
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than four months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall cause BSL to maintain a
project unit (the Project Unit) in a form and with functions and
staffing satisfactory to the Association. The Project Unit shall
monitor: (i) the procurement of goods to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) the withdrawal of said proceeds
from the Credit Account.
      (b)   The Borrower shall continue to maintain its Structural
Adjustment Program Steering Committee (the SAPS Committee) and its
Secretariat in a form and with functions and staffing satisfactory
to the Association. The SAPS Committee shall: (i) monitor the timely
carrying out by the Borrower of policy actions required under the
Program; and (ii) prepare, and furnish to the Association at such
times and in such detail as the Association shall reasonably
request, reports on the Borrower's economic performance under the
Program.
      (c)   The Secretariat of the SAPS Committee shall, inter alia,
assess and evaluate: (i) progress made by the Borrower in taking the
policy measures contained in the Program; and (ii) the impact of the
Program on the Borrower's economy.
      (d)   The Borrower shall establish and thereafter maintain a
Technical Committee in a form and with functions and staffing
satisfactory to the Association. The Technical Committee shall
review the flow of goods required during the carrying out of the
Program and resolve any competing claims and procedural issues
relating to such goods.
Page  6
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                            Termination
      Section 5.01. The date sixty (60) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance, Development and Economic
Planning of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Financial Secretary
            The Ministry of Finance,
              Development and
              Economic Planning
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
           Cable address:                 Telex:
                  MINFIN                    3363
                  Freetown
                                          Telefax:
                                            225353
      For the Association:
           International Development Association
           1818 H Street, N.W.
           Washington, D.C. 20433
           United States of America
           Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
Page  7
                   By /s/ W. B. Wright
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Petroleum products,      27,760,000        100% of foreign
     raw materials and                          expenditures
     spare parts
(2)  Currency notes            3,640,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
                              __________
             TOTAL            31,400,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods and services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding SDR 12,700,000 may be made on account of payments made for
such expenditures before that date but after November 1, 1990.
      (b)   expenditures under the Second and the Third Tranches for
goods procured under contracts costing less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (c)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (d)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption.
4.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent may be
permitted by the Association upon the basis of statements of
expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify.
5.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
Page  8
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 19,700,000 unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; and (b) that the actions described in
Part A of Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken.
6.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 25,600,000 unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; and (b) that the actions described in
Part B of Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken.
7.    If, after either of the exchanges of views described in
paragraphs 5 and 6 above, the Association shall have given notice to
the Borrower that the progress achieved and actions taken are not
satisfactory and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower
shall not have achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to
the Association, then the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part
thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more shall be awarded through interna-
tional competitive bidding in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the following
modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international circula-
                  tion; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
Page  9
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.    Goods to be procured through international competitive bidding
shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a third
party.
3.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $200,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guide-
lines.
4.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the delivery to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Account, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
6.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the delivery to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof,
such documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, the documentation and the informa-
tion to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions
of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
7.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 6 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
         Actions Referred to in Paragraphs 5 (b) and 6 (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
Part A:     Second Tranche Release Conditions
Page  10
1.    (a)   The Borrower has prepared a 1992/93 revenue and
recurrent expenditure programs and a 1992/93-1994/95 public
investment program, satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower has taken appropriate measures to strength-
en the Auditor General's Department including: (i) the recruitment
for, or assignment to, the Department of an adequate number of
qualified staff; and (ii) the provision to the Department of funds,
facilities, services and other resources required by the Department
for the carrying out of its responsibilities.
      (c)   The Borrower has completed the rescheduling of outstand-
ing domestic claims of its creditors to the satisfaction of the
Association.
      (d)   The Borrower has strengthened its expenditure budgeting
and control system in its Ministries of Education, Health, Works and
Agriculture with the assistance of consultants employed on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association.
      (e)   The Borrower has taken measures to prohibit the incur-
rence by the Borrower and any of its agencies, without consultation
with the Association, of new debt on non-concessional terms.
2.    (a)   The Borrower has: (i) reviewed its import duty exemp-
tions to the satisfaction of the Association; and (ii) enacted
appropriate legislation (A) revoking the powers to grant exemptions,
and (B) prohibiting the extension of any such exemptions granted as
of the date of this Agreement beyond their current expiration
periods.
      (b)   The Borrower has extended its preshipment inspection
requirements to all imports and exports.
      (c)   The Borrower has taken appropriate measures to improve
its tax administration, in particular tax collection including: (i)
the enactment of legislation providing for the Commissioner of
Income Tax to conduct field audits; and (ii) the streamlining and
reorganization of the Income Tax Department.
3.    (a)   The Borrower has reduced the number of daily workers,
temporary and pensionable staff employed in the Civil Service by at
least 10,000 on a net basis in 1991/92.
      (b)   The Borrower has made satisfactory progress in carrying
out a census of schools and teachers in Sierra Leone.
      (c)   The Borrower has limited the recruitment of staff into
the Civil Service strictly to essential Civil Service positions.
      (d)   The Borrower has put into effect a Civil Service salary
structure for 1992/93 satisfactory to the Association.
4.    (a)   The Borrower has eliminated all subsidies to the
National Diamond Mining Company Limited of Sierra Leone.
      (b)   The Borrower has established in its Ministry of Finance,
Development and Economic Planning a monitoring capacity satisfactory
to the Association to oversee the financial relationship between key
public enterprises and the Borrower.
      (c)   The Borrower has completed a review, satisfactory to the
Association, of a management contract for the provision of
management services for the Sierra Leone Ports Authority.
      (d)   The Borrower has completed the divestiture of the
Borrower's shares in the Sierra Leone Petroleum Refinery Company
Limited.
5.    (a)   The Borrower has reviewed and revised the existing
petroleum pricing formula so as to lower the petroleum distribution
margin and increase tax revenues to the Borrower.
Page  11
      (b)   The Borrower has adjusted pump prices for petroleum
products using the pricing formula mentioned in (a) above.
6.    (a)   The Borrower has maintained the unrestricted private
import of rice without price controls.
      (b)   The Borrower has maintained a liberalized trade system
satisfactory to the Association for agricultural cash crops.
      (c)   The Borrower has restructured the capital base, and
reorganized the operations, of its Marine Protection Services Sierra
Leone Limited.
7.    The Borrower has renegotiated its existing agreement with the
Sierra Leone Ore and Metal Company Limited to bring it into
conformity with the objectives of the Program.
8.    The Borrower has: (i) agreed with the Association on the size
and composition of the budgetary allocation which it will propose
for the social sectors in the Borrower's 1992/93 budget; and (ii)
made special budgetary provisions in said budget for its socially
oriented programs.
Part B:     Third Tranche Release Conditions
1.    The Borrower has to the satisfaction of the Association: (i)
completed a review of its tariff structure and its Development of
Industries Act of 1983; and (ii) appropriately revised said
structure and Act in accordance with the recommendations of the said
review.
2.    (a)   The Borrower has simplified its tax structure.
      (b)   The Borrower has introduced in Parliament a consolidated
Income Tax Bill.
3.    (a)   The Borrower has to the satisfaction of the Association
completed a review of the functions and job positions of key
ministries.
      (b)   The Borrower, using, inter alia, the results of the
census mentioned in Part A.3 (b) above, has caused the names of
"ghost" teachers and other such personnel to be removed from the
payrolls and other records.
4.    (a)   The Borrower has caused accurate and up-to-date accounts
to be established for the Guma Valley Water Company Limited, the
National Power Authority, the Sierra Leone External Telecom-
munication Company Limited, the Sierra Leone Produce Marketing Board
and the Bank of Sierra Leone.
      (b)   The Borrower has entered into performance contracts
satisfactory to the Association with its key public enterprises.
      (c)   The Borrower has taken all actions necessary to divest
itself of all its shares in the National Petroleum Company Limited
and the National Insurance Company Limited.
      (d)   The Borrower has prepared a work program, satisfactory
to the Association, for the setting up of the regulatory bodies to
oversee the activities of public utilities.
      (e)   The Borrower has liquidated the National Diamond Mining
Company Limited.
5.    The Borrower has adjusted pump prices for petroleum products
using pricing formula established pursuant to Part A. 5 (a) of this
Schedule.
6.    The Borrower has resumed the imposition of appropriate levels
of duties on rice imports.
Page  12
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods required during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened and the actions
described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken, with-
drawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
Page  13
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Program, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
