Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2352 SL
                                                (Second Amendment)
                     Second Agreement Amending
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Reconstruction Import Credit)
                              between
                     REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 10, 1993
                                  DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 2352 SL
                                                (Second Amendment)
                     SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 10, 1993, between the REPUBLIC OF
SIERRA LEONE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Reconstruction Import Credit), dated
April 15, 1992, (the Development Credit Agreement) for the purpose
of assisting in the financing of the program referred to in Recital
(A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the
Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to two
hundred ten thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 210,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments to the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by:
      (a)   the deletion of the definition "Amending Agreement" in
Sub-section (i) and the substitution therefor of the following new
definition: of the following new Subsection: "(i) "Amending
Agreements" means the Agreements Amending the Development Credit
Agreement (Reconstruction Import Credit) between the Borrower and
the Association, dated April 15, 1992."; and
      (b)   the deletion in Subsection (c) of the amount of
"SDR 5,900,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount of "SDR
6,110,000".
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to thirty-one million eight hundred
      thirty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,830,000) (the
      Credit), which includes an original amount in various
      currencies equivalent to thirty-one million four hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,400,000) and
      additional amounts in various currencies equivalent to: (i)
      two hundred twenty thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 220,000) (the First Additional Financing); and (ii) two
      hundred ten thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 210,000) (the
      Second Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by the deletion:
      (a)   in paragraph 1 thereof of the amount of: (i)
"SDR 27,980,000" allocated to Category (1) in the table of
withdrawal of proceeds of the Credit and the substitution therefor
of the amount of "SDR 28,190,000"; and (ii) "SDR 31,620,000", the
original amount of the Credit plus the amount of the First
Additional Financing, and the substitution therefor of the amount of
"SDR 31,830,000", the new amount of the Credit;
      (b)   in paragraph 6 thereof of the amount of "SDR 25,820,000"
and the substitution therefor of the amount "SDR 26,030,000."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is deleted and the following new paragraph
substituted therefor:
            "8.  After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
      order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Second Additional
      Financing. At any time after such date, the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the Second Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
Page  3
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to the
Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is
legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date sixty (60) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if this
Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                  By /s/ John Karimu
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice-President
                                                            Africa
