Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3912 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
                    (Essential Social Services Program)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                            Dated June 23, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3912 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 23, 1995, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to five
hundred million Dollars ($500,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations
of the Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to
undertake such other obligations as set forth in this
Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor
and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and
the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the
punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to
be provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, the Guarantor shall allocate, and release in
a timely manner as needed for use by executing agencies for
purposes of the Project, budgetary amounts:  (i) for fiscal
year 1995 which shall be equal to the amounts (disaggregated by
budgetary line item) specified in Attachment I of the
Implementation Letter (or alternative amounts, satisfactory to
the Bank, which the Guarantor may submit to the Bank prior to
June 30, 1995); and (ii) for fiscal year 1996 which shall be
established pursuant to the quarterly review procedure set
forth in Section 3.11 (b) of this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall, with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate environmental,
financial, technical and administrative standards and
practices, as well as in accordance with the periodically
adjustable implementation schedule and targets set forth in
Attachment I of the Implementation Letter:
      (a)   cause CONAFE to carry out Part A.1 of the Project (in
coordination with SEP) pursuant to administrative arrangements
consistent with the provisions of this Agreement and the Loan
Agreement;
      (b)   cause CONALITEG to carry out Part A.2 of the Project
(in coordination with SEP) pursuant to administrative
arrangements consistent with the provisions of this Agreement
and the Loan Agreement;
Page  3
      (c)   cause CAPFCE to carry out Part A.3 of the Project (in
coordination with SEP) pursuant to administrative arrangements
consistent with the provisions of this Agreement and the Loan
Agreement;
      (d)   carry out Part B of the Project either through SSA,
or by having SSA cause such Part to be carried out by
individual States pursuant to administrative arrangements
consistent with the provisions of this Agreement and the Loan
Agreement;
      (e)   carry out Part C.1 of the Project through STPS;
      (f)   carry out Part C.2 of the Project through SEDESOL;
      (g)   carry out Part D of the Project either through SSA,
or by having SSA cause such Part to be carried out by
individual States pursuant to administrative arrangements
consistent with the provisions of this Agreement and the Loan
Agreement;
      (h)   carry out Part E of the Project through SHCP; and
      (i)   have COTEIP coordinate execution of the Project by
the entities referred to in paragraphs (a) through (h) of this
Section.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into, and comply
with the terms of, the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement.  Except as the Bank may
otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not amend or fail to
enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.  The
Guarantor shall exercise its rights under such contractual
arrangements in such a manner as to protect the interests of
the Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of
the Loan.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' and other
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out or cause
to be carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating respectively to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition) with regard to the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation of the provisions of Article IX of
the General Conditions, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   prepare and furnish to the Bank, or cause to be
                  prepared and furnished to the Bank, not later
                  than six months after the Closing Date or such
                  later date as may be agreed for this purpose
                  between the Guarantor and the Bank, a plan, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
                  reasonably request, for the future operation of
                  the Project;
            (ii)  afford the Bank, or cause the Bank to be
                  afforded, a reasonable opportunity to exchange
                  views with the Borrower and the Guarantor on
                  said plan; and
           (iii)  thereafter, carry out said plan, or cause
                  said plan to be carried out, with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in accordance
                  with appropriate practices, taking into
Page  4
                  account the Bankþs comments thereon.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and separate accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, the
operations, resources and expenditures in connection with the
execution of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as
                  well as the audit thereof as the Bank
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                  such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account
                  was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
           (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor
shall provide to the Borrower any information that may be
required by the Borrower to comply with the Borrower's
obligations under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.06. With regard to Part A.2 (b) of the Project,
the Guarantor, through SEP, shall carry out the study referred
to therein under terms of reference contained in Attachment III
of the Implementation Letter and shall present the results of
such study (and an action plan to carry out such study's
recommendations) to the Bank by no later than July 31, 1996.
Page  5
      Section 3.07. With regard to Part B.3 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through SSA, shall have all construction activities
supervised by private independent consultants and shall make
the supervision reports prepared by such consultants available
to the Bank upon request.
      Section 3.08. With regard to Part C.1 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through STPS, shall:  (a) select trainees according
to criteria referred to in Attachment IV of the Implementation
Letter; (b) pay trainees during their training a stipend equal
to the applicable regional legal minimum wage (plus a
transportation supplement equivalent to no more than 30% of the
applicable regional legal minimum wage); (c) pay the STPS-
approved training institutions in question for reasonable fees
that such institutions charge per trainee for providing the
training referred to in Part C.1 of the Project; and (d)
provide up to approximately 10,000 tool kits for use by on-the-
job trainees.
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall carry out,
or cause to be carried out, Part D of the Project:  (a)
according to methodologies successfully tested as part of the
"Pilot Project" defined in Section 1.02 (e) of the June 26,
1991 Loan Agreement (Agricultural Sector Adjustment Loan II)
entered into between the Borrower and the Bank; (b) solely in
municipalities identified as being of "high-marginality"
pursuant to the criteria applied by the Guarantor's Consejo
Nacional de Poblacion (National Population Council) (beginning
first with those of such municipalities which are located in
the State of Hidalgo); and (c) subject to constant monitoring
to ensure that the beneficiaries of nutritional support under
the Project are limited to those identified in Part D of the
Project.
      Section 3.10. With regard to Part E.1 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through SHCP, shall have the monitoring system
referred to therein established and operational by no later
than June 30, 1996.  Such system shall be based on the
parameters identified in Attachment II of the Implementation
Letter.
      Section 3.11. (a) Throughout the course of Project
implementation, and without limitation of the provisions of
Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor shall
furnish to the Bank, by no later than 14 days prior to each
quarterly review referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section,
a quarterly progress report, in form satisfactory to the Bank
and based on the targets set forth in the Implementation
Letter, on implementation of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SEP, CAPFCE, CONAFE,
CONALITEG, SSA, STPS, SEDESOL and SHCP, shall hold reviews of
Project implementation with the Bank and the Borrower every
three months during Project implementation, beginning in August
1995.  Each such quarterly review shall, based inter alia on
the reports referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section:
            (i)   examine the status of Project implementation;
            (ii)  examine the availability and release of the
                  budgetary amounts referred to in Section 2.02
                  (b) of this Agreement;
           (iii)  in the case of the quarterly review to be
                  held in November 1995, result in the
                  preparation by the Guarantor of a
                  preliminary annual action plan for the
                  Project's execution during 1996; and
            (iv)  in the case of the quarterly review to be held
                  in February 1996, result in the establishment
Page  6
                  of the budgetary amounts for fiscal year 1996
                  referred to in Section 2.02 (b) (ii) of this
                  Agreement and in the preparation of a
                  definitive annual action plan for the Project,
                  satisfactory to the Bank, to be carried out or
                  caused to be carried out by the Guarantor
                  during 1996, which action plan may contain,
                  inter alia, the periodic adjustment to the
                  implementation schedule and targets referred to
                  in Section 3.01 of this Agreement, as well as
                  adjustments to the procurement plan referred to
                  in Section I, Part D.1 of the Schedule to this
                  Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Insurgentes Sur 826, piso 9
            Colonia del Valle
            03100 Mexico, D.F.
                                    Telex:
                                      1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:          Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD           248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.     82987 (FTCC)
                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                      197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in Mexico,
D.F., United Mexican States, as of the day and year first above
written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By  /s/ Guillermo Ortiz
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  7
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By  /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
                                 SCHEDULE
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods, Works and Printing,
            Distribution and Maintenance Services
Part A:     General
      Goods, works and printing, distribution and maintenance
services shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of
Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans
and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995 (the
Guidelines) and the following provisions of this Section, as
applicable.
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines.
International competitive bidding shall apply pursuant to this
paragraph to, inter alia, paper for the educational materials
covered by paragraph 2 (b) of Part C of Section I of this
Schedule if such paper is purchased separately from the
printing of such educational materials.
2.    The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Guarantor to be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of this Part B.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Limited International Bidding
      Medical equipment (estimated to cost up to $11,500,000
equivalent in the aggregate), pharmaceuticals (estimated to
cost up to $106,000,000 in the aggregate) and micronutrients
(estimated to cost up to $500,000 in the aggregate) may be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 3.2 of the Guidelines.
2.    National Competitive Bidding
       The following items may be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and
3.4 of the Guidelines, using standard bidding documents
satisfactory to the Bank:
      (a)   Works (excluding maintenance works covered by
paragraph 3 (d) of this Part C) estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $10,000,000 per contract, but more than
the equivalent of $350,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $68,900,000;
      (b)   Printing of educational materials (and distribution
thereof) under Part A.2 (a) of the Project (except as may be
covered by paragraph 3 (f) of Part C of Section I of this
Page  8
Schedule) estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$10,000,000 per contract;
      (c)   Distribution of pharmaceuticals and consumable
medical supplies under Part B of the Project (as well as of
micronutrients under Part D of the Project) costing up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $9,200,000 (to the extent such
distribution is not already included in the goods contract in
question and is contracted for by SSA);
      (d)   Goods, other than those covered in Part C.1 of
Section I of this Schedule or elsewhere in Part C.2 of Section
I of this Schedule, estimated to cost the equivalent of less
than $350,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $77,800,000; and
      (e)   Printing of educational materials (and distribution
thereof) under Part B.1 of the Project costing up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $4,800,000.
3.    Other
      (a)   Food under Part D of the Project (and distribution
thereof), costing up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$4,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of national shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines;
      (b)   Tool kits for trainees under Part C.1 of the Project,
estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or less per contract, up
to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,000,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of national
shopping procedures in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines;
      (c)   Equipment maintenance services, estimated to cost
$100,000 equivalent or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $30,200,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures
in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of
the Guidelines (or, if the equipment in question is of a
proprietary nature, may be procured, with the Bank's prior
agreement, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.7
of the Guidelines);
      (d)   Building maintenance services, estimated to cost
$100,000 equivalent or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $13,900,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of national shopping procedures
in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of
the Guidelines;
      (e)   Distribution of pharmaceuticals and consumable
medical supplies under Part B of the Project (as well as of
micronutrients under Part D of the Project), costing up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $5,800,000 (to the extent such
distribution is not already included in the goods contract in
question and is contracted for by a State), may be procured in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines; and
      (f)   Printing of educational materials under Part A.2 (a)
of the Project (as well as paper therefor if separately
purchased from the printing) costing up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $63,100,000 (and distribution of such educational
materials costing up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$9,300,000) may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of national shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines if such
contracts were entered into prior to January 1, 1996.
Page  9
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to bid for
contracts, the proposed procurement plan for the Project shall
be furnished to the Bank for its review and approval, in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines.  Procurement of all goods, works and printing
and distribution services shall be undertaken in accordance
with such procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Bank, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      The procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply with respect to:  (a) each
contract covered by Parts B and C.1 of Section I of this
Schedule; (b) each contract for items (estimated to cost the
equivalent of more than $2,000,000 per contract) covered by
Part C.2 of Section I of this Schedule; (c) each contract for
the construction of public health laboratories; and (d) each
contract for printing of educational materials covered by Part
C.2 (b) of Section I of this Schedule.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Bank.  Where no relevant standard contract documents have been
issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Bank
shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to:  (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each.  However, said exceptions to
prior Bank review shall not apply to:  (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms; (c) assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Bank; (d) amendments to contracts
for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost
$100,000 equivalent or above or for the employment of
individual consultants estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or
above; or (e) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above or for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
Page  10
