Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2174 TO
       (Technical Education and Vocational Training Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF TOGO
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated October 5, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2174 TO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 5, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF TOGO
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the European
Development Fund (EDF) a grant (the EDF Grant) in an amount
equivalent to at least $3,700,000 to assist in financing the Project
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the EDF Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and EDF; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement subject to
the following modifications:
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "METFP" means Ministcre de l'Enseignement Technique et
de la Formation Professionnelle, the ministry of technical education
and vocational training of the Borrower;
      (b)   "DERP" means the directorate in METFP for the time being
charged with studies, research and prospectives;
      (c)   "DET" means the directorate in METFP for the time being
charged with technical education;
      (d)   "DAFP" means the directorate in METFP for the time being
charged with apprenticeship and vocational training;
      (e)   "DAC" means the directorate in METFP for the time being
charged with administrative and financial affairs;
      (f)   "Project Coordinator" means the person to be appointed
by the Borrower to coordinate the implementation of the Project
pursuant to Section 3.04 of this Agreement;
      (g)   "Training and Employment Observatory" means Observatoire
de la Formation et de l'Emploi, the unit to be created under Part
A.2 of the Project to monitor workforce needs in the Borrower's
economy;
      (h)   "National Training Fund" means the Fonds National
d'Apprentissage, de la Formation et du Perfectionnement Profes-
sionnel (FNAFPP), a fund created by the Borrower's Law No. 88-17 of
December 7, 1988 which will, inter alia, channel financing for
Training Projects under Part C of the Project;
      (i)   "Grant" means a grant made or proposed to be made by the
Borrower out of the proceeds of the Credit to an Eligible Training
Institution for a Training Project;
      (j)   "Eligible Training Institution" means an institution to
which the Borrower proposes to make or has made a Grant;
      (k)   "Training Project" means a specific project to be
carried out by an Eligible Training Institution utilizing the
proceeds of a Grant;
      (l)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Project Account" means the account to be opened and
maintained by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.03 (a) of this
Agreement; and
      (n)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated October 11, 1987;
January 14, 1988, December 14, 1989 and December 15, 1989 between
the Borrower and the Association.
Page  3
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seven million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement (i) for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for Parts A, B and C.1 of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) for amounts paid or, if
the Association shall so agree, to be paid by the Borrower on
account of withdrawals made by or for the benefit of an Eligible
Training Institution under a Grant made under Part C.2 of the
Project to meet the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Training Project in respect of which the withdrawal from the
Credit Account is requested.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in CFA Francs a special deposit account in a
commercial bank acceptable to the Association on terms and condi-
tions satisfactory to the Association including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
Page  4
payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 1 and September 1
commencing March 1, 2001 and ending September 1, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on September 1,
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Condi-
tions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through
METFP with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative and educational practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation to the generality of the
provisions of Section 3.01 of this Agreement with regard to the
provision of funds, the Borrower shall for the purposes of the
Project:
      (a)   open and thereafter maintain for the duration of the
Project in CFA francs and in the name of METFP an account (the
Project Account) in its Treasury or in such banking institution as
agreed upon with the Association, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   deposit into the Project Account an initial amount of
CFA francs 100,000,000;
Page  5
      (c)   thereafter deposit into the Project Account on the first
day of each succeeding quarter an amount equal to the aggregate of
payments made during the previous quarter for expenditures under the
Project not financed from the Credit; and (ii) any additional
amounts necessary to maintain a minimum balance in such account of
CFA francs 100,000,000 or other amount acceptable to the
Association;
      (d)   ensure that amounts deposited in the Project Account
shall be used only to make payments to meet local expenditures made
or to be made in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project and not financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project appoint and employ for the duration of the Project a Project
Coordinator having qualifications, experience and terms and condi-
tions of service acceptable to the Association.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower undertakes that, unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, Grants under Part C.2 of the
Project will be made in accordance with the procedures and on the
conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall use the criteria agreed upon with the
Association in the selection of Training Projects to be financed
under Part C.2 of the Project.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 9.01
of the General Conditions, the Borrower and the Association shall,
not later than November 30 in each year during Project imple-
mentation exchange views on (i) the criteria, procedures and
conditions referred to in Sub-sections (a) and (b) of this Section,
including the validity and applicability of such criteria in the
light of latest labor market analysis; and (ii) the list of
potential Training Projects to be considered by the National
Training Fund in the following calendar year.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   by December 31, 1990 transfer to a single directorate
all responsibilities of METFP regarding: (i) personnel management;
(ii) the preparation and monitoring of recurrent expenditure
budgets; and (iii) investments in training institutions;
      (b)   by December 31, 1990 furnish to the Association: (i) a
sample guide acceptable to the Association, informing interested
parties how to solicit financing from the National Training Fund for
Training Projects; and (ii) the recommendations of the study of
informal sector activities being undertaken by DERP's research
program;
      (c)   by February 15, 1990 present to the Association a
methodology satisfactory to the Association for analyzing the
employment of graduates of technical education and vocational
training institutions;
      (d)   by June 30, 1992, furnish to the Association the results
of an analysis, based on the methodology referred in the preceding
paragraph, of the employment of graduates of technical education and
vocational training institutions of the Academic Year 1990-1991;
      (e)   by June 30, 1993, publish and disseminate in a manner
satisfactory to the Association, the results of an analysis, based
on the methodology referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section, of
graduates of technical education and vocational training institu-
tions of the Academic Year 1991-1992;
      (f)   by June 30, 1992, establish a trade certification
testing method acceptable to the Association, to replace the
Certificat d'Aptitude Professionnelle; and
Page  6
      (g)   by June 30, 1993 merge DET and DAFPP into a single
directorate having structure and functions acceptable to the
Association.
                           ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records, procedures and accounts adequate (i) to reflect
in accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof and of the National Training Fund;
and (ii) to monitor and record the progress of each Training Project
(including its cost and the benefits to be derived from it).
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than three
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such expendi-
                   tures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
Page  7
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely
that:
      (a)   the Borrower's Law No. 88-17 of December 7, 1988
establishing, and providing for the maintenance of, the National
Training Fund and the Borrower's Decree No. 90-68/PR of May 17,
1990 providing for the application of such law have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived without the prior consent
of the Association;
      (b)   (i)    subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of the EDF Grant or of any other grant
                   made to the Borrower for the financing of the
                   Project shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                   terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to the
                   terms of the agreement providing therefor.
            (ii)   Sub-paragraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60 days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Project Coordinator has been appointed;
      (b)   a director and an executive secretary both acceptable to
the Association have been appointed to DERP and the National
Training Fund, respectively;
      (c)   the Borrower has furnished to the Association a list of
administrative/managerial staff and instructors, having qualifica-
tions and experience acceptable to the Association, to be trained
under Parts A and B of the Project;
      (d)   the Project Account has been opened and the initial
deposit referred to in Section 3.03 (b) of this Agreement deposited
therein; and
      (e)   The Borrower has taken steps satisfactory to the
Association to implement its Law No. 88-17 of December 7, 1988
establishing, and providing for the maintenance of, the National
Training Fund.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
Page  8
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower responsible for
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Le Ministre de l'Economie et des Finances
            B.P. 387
            Lome, Togo
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIE                    (986) 5286
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF TOGO
                         By /s/ Ellom-Kodjo Schuppius
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                                Credit              % of
                               Allocated        Expenditures
                             (Expressed in          to be
Page  9
      Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(1)   Civil works                   80,000           70%
      under Part A
      of the Project
(2)   Furniture under               80,000           90%
      Parts A, B and
      C.1 of the
      Project
(3)   Equipment under              300,000          100%
      Parts A, B and
      C.1 of the
      Project
(4)   Consultants'                 900,000          100%
      services
(5)   Fellowships                1,000,000          100%
                             Amount of the
                                Credit              % of
                               Allocated        Expenditures
                             (Expressed in          to be
      Category              SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(6)   Incremental                  460,000      80% of expenses
      operating costs                           incurred in 1990
                                                and 1991; 60% of
                                                expenses incurred
                                                in 1992; 40% of
                                                expenses incurred
                                                in 1993; 20% of
                                                expenses incurred
                                                in 1994
(7)   Goods, ser-                2,800,000      80% of amounts
      vices and works                           granted to the
      financed under                            Eligible Training
      Grants                                    Institutions
(8)   Refunding of                 450,000      Amounts due
      Project                                   pursuant to
      Preparation                               Section 2.02 (c)
      Advance                                   of this Agreement
(9)   Unallocated                  930,000
      TOTAL                      7,000,000
                                ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule the term "incremental
operating costs" means the incremental operating costs of METPF and
the Training and Employment Observatory related to the Project and
in respect of vehicle maintenance and fuel, field travel and per
diem, equipment maintenance and printing and publicity and
communications.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made:
      (a)   in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to
the date of this Agreement; and
      (b)   in respect of expenditures financed under a Grant unless
the Grant has been made in accordance with the procedures and on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 5 to this
Agreement and the Training Project has been selected using the
criteria agreed upon between the Borrower and the Association.
Page  10
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to make the technical
education and vocational training system of the Borrower demand
driven, employment oriented and responsive to the needs of the
productive sectors of the Borrower's economy; and (b) to assist in
the professionalization of the Borrower's technical education and in
the strengthening of its vocational training through restruc- turing
and re-orientation of the system.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development
1.    Strengthening of METFP's Directorates including staff
training, provision of office equipment, supplies and vehicles and
improvement of buildings:
      (a)   to enable DERP to provide strategic guidance and
planning for the technical education and vocational training system
of the Borrower (VET);
      (b)   to enable DET to manage and administer the formal
training institutions of VET;
      (c)   to enable DAFPP to manage and administer apprenticeship
and vocational training programs; and
      (d)   to enable DAC to manage all VET sector personnel, and to
prepare and administer the recurrent and investment budgets of
METFP.
2.    Strengthening, including staff training, provision of office
equipment and supplies and vehicles, of the Training and Employment
Observatory to enable it to undertake regular analysis of both the
labor market and the employment of graduates of the VET training
system.
Part B:    Training
1.    Training of administrative staff and of instructors at the
Borrower's training institutions.
Part C:     The National Training Fund
1.    Establishment of procedures and administrative framework and
provision of facilities necessary for operation of the National
Training Fund.
2.    Financing of the preparation, design and implementation of
specific apprenticeship, technical education and vocational training
programs (Training Project) through grants to institutes, organiza-
tions and businesses engaged in such activities (Eligible Training
Institutions).
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
Page  11
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts shall be grouped into bid
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Togo may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $250,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $1,400,000, and works estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $750,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $1,600,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods and works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$250,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Page  12
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satis-
factory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) to
(7) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount of
166,000,000 CFA Francs to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower,  withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
Page  13
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Cate-
gories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                     Procedures for Conditions
              of Grants under Part C.2 of the Project
1.    No expenditures for goods or services required for a Training
Project shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the
Page  14
Credit unless the Grant for such Training Project shall have been
approved by the Association and such expenditures shall have been
made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the
Association shall have received the application and information
required under paragraph 2 of this Schedule in respect of such
Grant.
2.    When presenting a Grant to the Association for approval, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association an application, in form
satisfactory to the Association, together with: (i) a description of
the Training Institution and an appraisal of the Training Project,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit; (ii) the proposed conditions of
the Grant; and (iii) such other information as the Association shall
reasonably request including evidence that the Training Project was
selected using the criteria agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association.
3.    Grants shall be made on conditions whereby the Borrower shall
obtain, by written contract with the Eligible Training Institution
or by other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Association and the Borrower, including the right
to:
      (a)   require the Eligible Training Institution to carry out
and operate the Training Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement and (ii) such
goods and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of
the Training Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Association if the Association shall so request, such goods and
the sites, works, plants and construction included in the Training
Project, the operation thereof, and any relevant records and
documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Eligible Training Institution
shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers such
insurance, against such risks and in such amounts, as shall be
consistent with sound business practice; and (ii) that such
insurance shall cover hazards incident to the acquisition,
transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit to the place of use or installation, any indemnity
thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable by the
Eligible Training Institution to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association or the
Borrower shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to
the administration, operations and financial condition of the
Eligible Training Institution and to the benefits to be derived from
the Training Project; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Eligible Training
Institution to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by
such Eligible Training Institution to perform its obligations under
its contract with the Borrower.
