Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3270 VE
                   (Social Development Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated March 12, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3270 VE
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 12, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the
execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the
Borrower's Law "LEY PROGRAMA PARA EL FINANCIAMIENTO DEL PLAN DE
INVERSIONES EN INFRAESTRUCTURA SOCIAL Y EN INFRAESTRUCTURA DE APOYO
A LA PRODUCCION, DEL PROGRAMA DE DESARROLLO SOCIAL, DEL PROGRAMA DE
PREINVERSION, SUPERVISION Y ASISTENCIA TECNICA, DEL PLAN DE
INVERSIONES DE ENTES DEL SECTOR PUBLICO Y DE OPERACIONES DE
REDUCCION DE LA DEUDA PUBLICA EXTERNA, QUE SE EJECUTARA DURANTE EL
PERIODO 1990 - 1994" published in the Borrower's Official Gazette
Extraordinary Issue No. 4194 dated July 30, 1990.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Venezuela, the
Borrower's Central Bank;
      (b)   "Executing Entities" means, collectively, all the
entities, listed in the Annex to Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and
"Executing Entity" means any one of them;
      (c)   "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the Borrower
which begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year;
      (d)   "MOE" means Ministerio de Educacion, the Ministry of
Education of the Borrower;
      (e)   "MINFAM" means Ministerio de la Familia, the Ministry of
Family of the Borrower;
      (f)   "MOH" means Ministerio de Sanidad y Asistencia Social,
the Ministry of Health of the Borrower;
      (g)   "OCEI" means Oficina Central de Estadistica e
Informatica, the Central Office of Statistics and Information of the
Borrower;
      (h)   "OTC" means Oficina Tecnica de Coordinacion, the
Technical Coordination Office of MINFAM;
      (i)   "PAMI" means Fundacion Programa Ampliado Materno-
Infantil (Maternal-Child Health Care Program Foundation), a
foundation established and operating under the laws of the Borrower
within MOH's jurisdiction;
      (j)   "PREESCOLAR" means Fundacion PREESCOLAR, a foundation
established and operating under the laws of the Borrower within
MOE's jurisdiction;
      (k)   "Project Coordinating Unit" means the Project coordina-
ting unit referred to in Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (l)   "Social Sectors Action Program" means a set of object-
ives, policies and actions to be undertaken by the Borrower, includ-
ing those under the Project, for the improvement of its social
infrastructure and health, nutrition and education services in poor
areas, as described in the letter from the Borrower's Ministers of
Family, Health and Education to the Bank dated October 19, 1990;
      (m)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (n)   "FONVIS" means Fondo Venezolano de Inversion Social
(the Venezuelan Fund for Social Investment), an autonomous legal
institution owned and controlled by the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
Page  3
the amount of one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of Quali-
fied Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding Semester,
plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay
interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate applicable during
such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
            (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii) "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                  "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
Page  4
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                  "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
            Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
            of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such
            Quarter."
                  "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. The President of the Borrower's Fondo de
Inversion Social de Venezuela, or the person or persons appointed by
said President, are designated as representatives of the Borrower
for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be
taken under the provisions of paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agree-
ment, and to this end, without any limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, shall: (i)
carry out the Project, or cause the Project to be carried out by the
Executing Entities, as shown in the Annex to Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, and managerial practices; and
(ii) provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 5
to this Agreement, and shall cause each Executing Entity to take all
such action on its part as shall be required for that purpose.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, the Borrower shall cause OTC to act as the Project
Coordinating Unit for the purpose of:
            (i)   establishing a liaison, in respect of Project
                  related entities, with MOH and MOE and with the
                  units of PAMI and PREESCOLAR referred to in
                  paragraph (e) of Section 3.02 below;
           (ii)   coordinating the activities of MOE, MOH, PAMI and
                  PREESCOLAR in respect of the Project;
          (iii)   managing the collaborative actions to be taken by
                  OCEI, MINFAM, MOH and MOE in respect of the
                  evaluation of the impact of the Social Sector
                  Action Program, including the Project, and the
                  development of effective operational management
                  tools;
           (iv)   furnishing to the Bank all reports and studies
                  related to or executed under the Project; and
            (v)   making in a timely fashion all necessary adminis-
Page  5
                  trative arrangements for the procurement of goods
                  and services required for the Project, and for
                  submission of withdrawal applications from the
                  Loan Account or from the Special Account.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall: (A) through OTC, make
adequate arrangements with each of PAMI and PREESCOLAR on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, such arrange-
ments to contain, inter alia: (i) provisions governing the transfer
of the proceeds of the Loan and the corresponding counterpart funds,
both on a grant basis, to PAMI and PREESCOLAR, as applicable, for
the purposes of carrying out the respective Parts of the Project
under their responsibility; (ii) the right of the Borrower to
suspend such transfers to the respective Executing Entity and to
unilaterally terminate the arrangements in case of failure by the
Executing Entity in question to carry out its obligations in respect
of the Project in a diligent manner; (iii) said Executing Enti-
ties' obligations to maintain records and accounts as provided in
Section 4.01 of this Agreement and take all such action on their
part as shall be required pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.01
of this Agreement; and (iv) with respect to PREESCOLAR only, the
obligation of PREESCOLAR to retain, not later than July 1, 1991,
engineering or architectural consultant services in order to
supervise the works under Part B of the Project, such contracting to
be made in accordance with the provisions of Section II of Schedule
4 to this Agreement; and (B) through MINFAM and for purposes of Part
C (iv) (a) of the Project, enter into contractual arrangements with
media organizations with adequate qualifications and experience in
order to secure the necessary rights, if any, for undertaking
production of mass media programs.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section so as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish
the purposes of the Loan. The Borrower shall assign, amend, abrogate
or waive such arrangements or any provision thereof only if neces-
sary for a better implementation of the Project and in a manner
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank.
      (c)   Without limitations to the generality of the provisions
of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower and the Bank
agree to undertake, not later than December 1 of each year, starting
on December 1, 1991, a review of the progress achieved in the
execution of the Social Sector Action Program and in the compliance
with the targets set forth in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall, not later than July 1 of each year,
starting on July 1, 1991, prepare and furnish to the Bank, for
review and approval, the Borrower's annual school construction plan
under the Project for the upcoming year including proposed budgetary
allocations and shall refrain from carrying out any construction
work under the Project which is not included in the corresponding
approved plan. The Borrower and the Bank shall, from time to time
during each of the Borrower's Fiscal Years, review the approved plan
with the purpose of determining whether adjustments or changes
thereto are justified under the circumstances.
      (e)   The Borrower shall ensure that a Project management unit
is established in each of OTC, PAMI and PREESCOLAR to coordinate all
activities in respect of the corresponding Part or Parts of the
Project assigned to each of them, as Executing Entities under the
Annex to Schedule 2 to this Agreement, other than those activities
reserved to the Project Coordinating Unit under Section 3.01 (c) of
this Agreement. Furthermore, the Borrower shall ensure that each
such unit is at all times headed by a Project director with adequate
qualifications and experience, to be assisted by qualified staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
Page  6
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained separate records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower (including the Executing
Entities) responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have, or cause to be had, the records and
                  accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of this
                  Section including the Special Account and the
                  records therefor for each Fiscal Year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Bank as
                  soon as available, but in any case not later than
                  six months after the end of each such Year, the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                  reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Bank
                  such other information concerning said records
                  and accounts and the audit thereof as the Bank
                  shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
            from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
            expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, or cause to be retained, until at least
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the Fiscal Year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out
                  of the Special Account, as the case may, was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such Fiscal Year,
                  together with the proce-dures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause PAMI and PREESCOLAR:
Page  7
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on their operations and conduct their affairs
in accordance with sound administrative, financial and managerial
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers; and
      (c)   to operate and to maintain their offices, machinery,
equipment, vehicles and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
managerial practices.
                            ARTICLE VI
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
or the suspension of the operations of PAMI and PREESCOLAR; and
      (b)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Social Sectors Action Program, or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) (A)
of Section 3.02 have been made by the Borrower, through OTC, with
PAMI and PREESCOLAR;
      (b)   that key staff for the Project management units of OTC,
PAMI and PREESCOLAR referred to in Section 3.02 (e) of this Agree-
ment have been duly appointed; and
      (c)   that model bidding documents to be used for the procure-
ment of goods under Part A of Section I of Schedule 4 to this Agree-
ment and for the procurement of goods and works under, respectively,
paragraphs 1 and 3 of Part C of such Section, have been furnished to
the Bank in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Bank.
      Section 7.02. The following is specified as additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General Conditions,
to be included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the
Bank, namely, that the arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) of
Section 7.01 of this Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified
by, and are legally binding upon PAMI and PREESCOLAR, respectively,
and the Borrower in accordance with their terms.
      Section 7.03. The date of June 12, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
Page  8
the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Hacienda
            Direccion General
            Sectorial de Finanzas Publicas
            Edificio Norte, Piso 5
            Centro Simon Bolivar
            Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                          Telex:
                                            24215 HDACP
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                        By /s/ Marisela Padron Quero
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated
                             (Expressed in          % of
                                Dollar          Expenditures
      Category                Equivalent)      to be Financed
(1)   Works for Parts A         12,500,000      90%
      (v) and B of the
Page  9
      Project
(2)   Equipment                 29,000,000      100% of foreign
      for Parts A (i)                           expenditures,
      through (v), B,                           100% of local
      C and D of the                            expenditures
      Project                                   (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 65%
                                                of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(3)   Consultants'               6,000,000      100%
      and auditors'
      services
      and studies
      under Parts A
      (i) through (v),
      B, C and D of
      the Project
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated
                             (Expressed in          % of
                                Dollar          Expenditures
      Category                Equivalent)      to be Financed
(4)   Training under             8,000,000      100%
      Parts A (ii), B
      and C (iii) of the
      Project
(5)   Services and               9,000,000      100%
      copyrighted
      materials
      under Part C
      of the Project
(6)   Furniture                  1,500,000      90%
      under Parts A
      (i) through (v)
      and B of the
      Project
(7)   Construction               2,700,000      90%
      materials under
      Parts A (i)
      through (v) and B
      of the Project
(8)   Instructional              1,300,000      90%
      materials under
      Parts A (i) through
      (v), B and C
      of the Project
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated
                             (Expressed in          % of
                                Dollar          Expenditures
      Category                Equivalent)      to be Financed
(9)   Operating costs           10,000,000      90% until with-
      and consumable                            drawals under
      materials (other                          this Category have
      than construction                         reached an aggre-
      materials) under                          gate amount equi-
      Part D of the                             valent to
      Project                                   $4,000,000;
                                                thereafter, 60%
Page  10
                                                until withdrawals
                                                have reached an
                                                aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $10,000,000; and
                                                30% thereafter
                                                if the Bank agrees
                                                to reallocate
                                                proceeds of the
                                                Loan to this
                                                Category, pro-
                                                vided, however,
                                                that no with-
                                                drawal shall
                                                be made from this
                                                Category in
                                                respect of
                                                expenditures
                                                incurred after
                                                December 31, 1994
(10)  Unallocated               20,000,000
                               ___________
      TOTAL                    100,000,000
                               ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   "operating costs and consumable materials" means Project
related incremental costs essential to the effective implementation
of the Project by OTC, OCEI, PAMI, FONVIS and PREESCOLAR, including
staff travel and subsistence, honoraria, utilities, printing,
computing and office supplies directly related to the Project's
activities.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b) Part C
(iv) of the Project unless the Bank has received evidence,
satisfactory to the Bank, that the contractual arrangements,
referred to in Section 3.02 (a) (B) of this Agreement, have been
entered into in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and
the Bank.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower in
developing a social sector strategy to redirect its social
expenditures into well-targeted and efficient programs within the
framework of the Social Sectors Action Program.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Bank and the Borrower may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Primary Health Care
      Strengthen the MOH's capability to improve and increase health
care and nutrition services for pregnant and lactating women and
children under six years of age attending selected health centers
Page  11
(SHC) located in poor rural and marginal urban areas through:
            (i)    acquisition and utilization by about 955 SHC of
                   medical equipment for maternal and child health
                   care to replace obsolete and non-functioning
                   equipment;
           (ii)    training of health teams and provision of
                   technical assistance services for the carrying
                   out of health sector studies other than those
                   referred to in Part D (i) of the Project;
          (iii)    acquisition and utilization of vehicles, and
                   computing, office, printing and laboratory
                   equipment for the health care network;
           (iv)    development of an information system for
                   monitoring and evaluation of the provision of
                   health care services;
            (v)    construction and refurbishing, as deemed
                   necessary, of food storage areas within the SHC;
                   and
           (vi)    providing, free of charge, powdered milk,
                   vitamins, minerals, and other nutritional
                   supplements through SHC located in poor rural
                   and marginal urban areas.
Part B:     Pre-School Development
1.    Design and building of about 1,600 classrooms for pre-primary
schools, and about 185 non-conventional pre-school centers (for
children of up to six years of age), as well as provision of
equipment, furniture, instructional materials, teachers and support
staff therefor, and technical assistance, training and supervision
of staff thereof, all for purposes of:
            (i)    expanding coverage of the formal pre-school
                   education system, by increasing enrollments by
                   about 96,000 children over the next five years,
                   focusing such expansion on marginal areas, both
                   urban and rural;
           (ii)    expanding the informal (or non-conventional)
                   pre-school education system, by increasing
                   enrollments by about 16,000 children over the
                   next five years; and
          (iii)    executing studies in the educational sector
                   other than those referred to in Part D (i) of
                   the Project.
2.    The building targets expressed in paragraph 1 above may change
from time to time, as agreed between the Bank and PREESCOLAR.
Part C:     Information, Education and Communications Activities
      Promotion of public awareness and knowledge of health,
education and nutrition principles and support of Project
activities, by means of a communications strategy based on community
education and participation programs and mass media campaigns,
including:
            (i)    acquisition and utilization by OTC of  equipment
                   and materials;
           (ii)    provision of technical assistance to OTC,
                   including, but not limited to, services, in
                   community education and participation;
          (iii)    training of, and Project related travel and
                   supervision by, Project related staff; and
Page  12
           (iv)    (a) production of mass media programs; and
                   (b) provision of technical assistance, including
                   but not limited to, services for the preparation
                   of educational material and for dissemination
                   thereof through television, radio and other
                   media.
Part D:     Institutional Development
      Strengthening the capabilities of MOE, MINFAM, MOH and OCEI by
means, inter alia, of:
            (i)    execution of special studies aimed at improving
                   the formulation of social sector policies and
                   the planning and management capacity of MOE,
                   MINFAM and MOH;
           (ii)    establishment of an enhanced system apt for
                   monitoring implementation and impact of the
                   Social Sector Action Program and the Project;
          (iii)    continuous surveys to be conducted by OCEI and
                   analyzed by MOE, MINFAM and MOH during the
                   Project period; and
           (iv)    improvement of the quality of record keeping of
                   MINFAM, MOE and MOH and of the reporting system
                   from the local to the state and to the national
                   level by: (a) coordinating the activities,
                   within each of MINFAM, MOE and MOH, of the units
                   thereof which are responsible for data
                   collection; (b) analyzing and, if warranted,
                   modifying the data gathering forms; and (c)
                   analyzing and, if warranted, modifying the data
                   processing mechanisms.
                   *           *           *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                               ANNEX
      Arrangements for the execution of the different Parts of the
Project.
      Parts of the Project           Executing Entity
      PART A (i) through (iv):
      Health                         OTC, operating with the
                                     support of MOH
      PART A (v) and (vi):
      Nutrition                      PAMI, operating with the
                                     support of MOH
      PART B:
      Pre-School development         PREESCOLAR, operating with
                                     the support of MOE
      PART C:
      Information, education         OTC, operating with the
        and communication            support of MOE, MOH and
        activities                   MINFAM
      PART D:
      Institutional development
Page  13
      Part D (i)                     OTC, operating with the
                                     support of MOE, MOH and
                                     MINFAM
      Part D (ii), (iii)             OCEI
      and (iv)
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due                     (expressed in dollars)*
On each February 1 and August 1
      beginning on August 1, 1996                5,000,000
      through February 1, 2006
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                  0.20
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.40
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.73
      not more than eleven years
      before maturity
More than eleven years but not             0.87
      more than thirteen years
      before maturity
More than thirteen years                   1.00
      before maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost more than the equivalent
Page  14
of $200,000 each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Venezuela may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Subject to paragraph 2 below, goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up
to an aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Loan Account in
respect of contracts for such goods estimated to be equivalent to
$8,600,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract, or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount of
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of contracts for such
goods estimated to be equivalent to $5,500,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Subject to paragraph 4 below, works may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank. To
the extent practicable, contracts for works shall be grouped in bid
packages estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $100,000
each.
4.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less may
be executed by force account of the Executing Entity in question or
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three contractors, all in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank and provided
that the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Loan Account in
respect of the works in question does not exceed the equivalent of
$200,000.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract estimated to cost
more than the equivalent of $100,000; and (ii) with respect to each
of the first two (2) contracts for goods and of the first two
contracts for works, estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$100,000 each and to be procured under the procedures referred to in
Part C.1 and 3 of this Schedule, respectively, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for any such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for any
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
Page  15
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                      Implementation Program
A.    Social Programs
(1)   The Borrower shall: (i) complete and furnish to the Bank, by
August 31, 1991, an evaluation report on the implementation of the
Borrower's nutritional grants program; (ii) exchange views with the
Bank thereon, not later than September 30, 1991; and (iii) take by
October 31, 1991 the actions agreed between the Borrower and the
Bank during such exchange of views.
(2)   The Borrower shall expand the activities of PAMI under Part A
(vi) of the Project so as to gradually involve a larger number of
states of the Borrower, reaching 15 states by March 31, 1991 and 23
states by December 31, 1991.
(3)   The Borrower, through MOE, shall: (i) complete and furnish to
the Bank, by June 30, 1991, a study of a school-feeding program for
primary school students; (ii) exchange views with the Bank thereon,
not later than August 31, 1991; and (iii) take during the 1991/1992
school year the actions agreed between the Borrower and the Bank
during such exchange of views.
(4)   The Borrower shall: (i) complete and furnish to the Bank an
evaluation report on the progress made in the implementation of the
Borrower's community day-care program by August 31, 1991; (ii)
exchange views with the Bank thereon, not later than September 30,
1991; and (iii) take by October 31, 1991 the actions agreed between
the Borrower and the Bank during such exchange of views.
B.    Financial Policies
      The proposed annual budgets of MOH will show the following
increases in the percentage of financing out of MOH's aggregate
expenditures corresponding to the first two levels of health care
services: from 33% to 36% by January 1, 1991, and from 36% to 40% by
January 1, 1992.
C.    Management
(1)   The Borrower shall: (i) prepare and furnish to the Bank, not
later than March 31, 1992, a study on measures designed to attract
and retain qualified staff for the first two levels of health care
services; (ii) exchange views with the Bank thereon, not later than
June 30, 1992; and (iii) begin to put into effect not later than
August 31, 1992, the measures agreed between the Borrower and the
Bank during such exchange of views.
(2)   The Borrower shall: (i) cause the studies for improving the
planning and management capacity of MOE, MOH and MINFAM under Part
D (i) of the Project to be completed and furnished to the Bank not
later than March 31, 1992; (ii) exchange views with the Bank
thereon, not later than June 30, 1992; and (iii) take by August 31,
Page  16
1992, the actions agreed between the Borrower and the Bank during
such exchange of views.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories 1
through 9 set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the Eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   Eligible Expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective Eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Page  17
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the Eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the Eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for Eligible
Expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified.  Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
