Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2197 KE
                   (Export Development Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 21, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2197 KE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF KENYA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
November 1, 1990, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to stimulate a supply response for
non-traditional exports (hereinafter called the Program) and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having committed itself to the execution
of the Program and, as part of the Program, having undertaken to
carry out the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has
requested the Association to assist in the financing of the Project
and of urgently needed imports required during the execution of the
Program; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
Page  2
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date,
or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
to the Association a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
Project and Program referred to in the Preamble to the Development
Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the Associa-
tion of their respective obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement and the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit.";
and
      (b)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Clas-
sification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986);
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "EPZ" means an Export Processing Zone;
      (d)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated April 20 and April 24,
July 25 and August 2, and September 26 and October 16, 1990,
respectively, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (e)   "Special Project Preparation Advance" means the special
project preparation advance granted by the Bank pursuant to an
exchange of letters dated June 19, 1989, and June 21, 1989, between
the Borrower and the Bank;
      (f)   "MOF" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance;
      (g)   "PCU" means the Project Coordination Unit within MOF;
and
      (h)   "VAT" means Value Added Tax.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty-
nine million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
69,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
Page  3
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost: (i) of goods, works and services required for Parts A, B and
C of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) of goods
imported during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project and
the Program, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account
in its Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself and the Bank the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance and Special
Project Preparation Advance, respectively, withdrawn and outstanding
as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The un-
withdrawn balances of the authorized amount of the Project Prepara-
tion Advance and Special Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon
be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1995, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15
commencing April 15, 2001, and ending October 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 15,
2010, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
Page  4
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through MOF
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and economic practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall, from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views as referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association for its review and comment a report on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program in such detail as the Associa-
tion shall reasonably request, including, inter alia, monitoring of:
(i) utilization of the export compensation, import duty/VAT
exemption and manufacturing under bond schemes; (ii) progress in
regulatory reform, including the number of products for which prices
have been decontrolled; (iii) status of the studies under Part C.2
of the Project; (iv) product coverage under the import duty/VAT
exemption scheme, both in terms of actual utilization and number of
export products eligible under the scheme; and (v) status of
construction and procurement of goods and services for Part A of the
Project.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall: (a) establish and maintain
until completion of the Project, a Project Coordination Unit within
MOF, which shall, inter alia, oversee Project implementation
planning and procurement; and (b) appoint a Project Coordinator,
with experience and qualifications satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall: (a) establish a unit
reporting to the Permanent Secretary of MOF, to administer the
facility referred to in Part C.1 of the Project, such unit shall,
inter alia: (i) identify potential exporters, (ii) agree on an
Page  5
enterprise level export development program, and (iii) thereafter,
based on a fifty percent cost-sharing with the recipient of such
assistance, the facility shall fund the technical and consultants'
services required to achieve the export development objectives of
the enterprise; and (b) furnish to the Association for its approval
the eligibility criteria for the grant assistance under the
facility.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall by December 31, 1991, furnish
to the Association for its review and comments the study referred to
in Part C.2 (d) of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause the
Central Bank of Kenya to maintain with respect to Part D of the
Project, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account, for each fiscal year audit-
                  ed, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE V
Page  6
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified namely, that
a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                            ARTICLE VI
                            Termination
      Section 6.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister at the time responsible for finance
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30007
            Nairobi
            Kenya
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  FINANCE                    22921
                  Nairobi                    MINFIN-KE
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INDEVAS                     248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.            197688 (TRT)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                               82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                  By /s/ D. D. Agande
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)   Civil works             13,550,000        100% of foreign
      and supplies                              expenditures and
      for Part A                                80% of local
      of the Project                            expenditures
(2)   Goods and               1,740,000         100% of foreign
      equipment                                 expenditures
      for Part B
      of the
      Project
(3)   Consultants'                              100%
      services and
      studies:
      (a)   for Part C.       1,390,000
            of the
            Project
      (b)   for the other       800,000
            Parts of the
            Project
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(4) Goods imported            51,430,000        100% of foreign
    during the                                  expenditures
    execution of
    the Program
(5) Refunding of                 590,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project Prepara-                            suant to Section
    tion Advance and                            2.02 (c) of this
    Special Project                             Agreement
    Preparation
    Advance
                              __________
         TOTAL                69,500,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
Page  8
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments: (a) for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals
in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 6,950,000, may be made in respect of Category (4) of paragraph 1
above, on account of payments made for expenditures before that date
but after September 30, 1990; (b) for expenditures in respect of
Category (1) until (i) the Borrower has enacted the EPZ Legislation
and completed the formulation and publication of implementing
regulations, and (ii) established the PCU referred to in Sec-
tion 3.03 of this Agreement; (c) for expenditures in respect of
Category (2) until the Borrower has completed the study referred to
in Part C.2 (f) of the Project and commenced implementation of an
action plan acceptable to the Association to introduce private
sector management to air cargo handling operations at the Jomo
Kenyatta International Airport; (d) for expenditures in respect of
Category (3) (a) until the Borrower has formulated eligibility
criteria acceptable to the Association for assistance under the
facility referred in Part C.1 of the Project; and
      (e)   under Category (4) for
            (i)   expenditures for goods included in the following
                  SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
                  groups or sub-groups under future revisions to
                  the SITC, as designated by the Bank by notice to
                  the Borrower
      Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
      112               -           Alcoholic beverages
      121               -           Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobac-
                                    co refuse
      122               -           Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco sub-
                                    stitutes)
      525               -           Radioactive and associated ma-
                                    terials
      667               -           Pearls, precious and semi-pre-
                                    cious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
      718         718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements (cart-
                                    ridges), non-irradiated for
                                    nuclear reactors
      Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
      897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or pla-
                                    tinum group metals (except wat-
                                    ches and watch cases) and gold-
                                    smiths' or silversmiths' wares
                                    (including set gems)
      971         -                 Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
           (ii)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts
                  costing less than $5,000 equivalent,
          (iii)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract
                  which any national or international financing
                  institution or agency other than the Association
Page  9
                  shall have financed or agreed to finance,
           (iv)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
                  para-military purpose or for luxury consumption,
                  and
            (v)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
                  equivalent to SDR 10,425,000 for petroleum prod-
                  ucts and foodstuffs.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of Category (4) after the aggregate
of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account
under Category (4) of paragraph 1 above and the total amount of such
commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 27,715,000,
unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.02 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress
achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (b)
that the actions described in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been
taken and are satisfactory to the Association; and (c) that the
macro-economic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with
the objectives of the Program.
5.    If, after the exchange of views referred to in paragraph 4
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and the actions taken are not satisfactory
and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
remaining amount of the Credit allocated to Category (4) of
paragraph 1 above, or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in
stimulating a supply response for non-traditional exports.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Export Processing Zone
      Construction of the first stage of an EPZ at Athi River, near
Nairobi, including on-site and off-site infrastructure consisting of
access roads, water supply, sewerage and waste disposal facilities,
power lines, common production and handling facilities, and basic
structures and services for business and worker housing areas.
Part B:     Export Facilitation Equipment
      Upgrading and expansion of air cargo handling facilities at
Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi.
Part C:     Technical Assistance and Studies
1.    Establishment of a facility to make available funds on a grant
basis to exporters to finance the employment of consultants'
services.
2.    Carrying out the following studies:
      (a)   evaluation of the need for continuing the export
compensation scheme in view of the introduction of the import
duty/VAT exemption program, and the design of subsequent phases of
the latter for direct exporters;
      (b)   design of alternative schemes, including common bonded
Page  10
warehouses, to extend free trade status to indirect exporters;
      (c)   design of additional phases of development of export
financing facilities;
      (d)   evaluation of the effectiveness and efficiency of
official tourism sector institutions, including the Kenya Tourism
Development Corporation;
      (e)   review of tariff exemptions extended to non-exporters
and the formulation of an action plan to reduce revenue losses from
such exemptions; and
      (f)   review of factors constraining cargo handling capacities
at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport and design of an approach to
introduce private sector management to air cargo handling opera-
tions.
Part D:     General Imports
      Imports urgently required during the execution of the Program.
                           *     *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works for Parts A through C of
            the Project
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      With respect to each contract, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Procurement of Goods for Part D of the Project
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
Page  11
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Business; or
            (ii)  an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international circula-
                  tion; or
            (iii) a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                  quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods by the Borrower or
public sector entities estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$2,000,000 each may be procured under contract awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers from at least three different countries eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association.
3.    Contracts for the procurement of goods by the private sector
entities estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $2,000,000
each may be awarded, to the extent practicable, on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least two
suppliers from at least two different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, or on the basis of the normal procurement procedures of
the purchaser of such goods.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
3 above, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior to the
submission to the Association of the first application for with-
drawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 4 of this Schedule
Page  12
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
Section III.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    The Borrower has extended automatic licensing to the remaining
Schedule 3C items by shifting these to Schedule 3B, with exceptions
only for environment, public health and public safety reasons.
2.    The Borrower has implemented the second phase of tariff
reductions similar in scope to those implemented in June 1990, so as
to reduce the level and variability of effective protection and
reduce revenue losses stemming from the extension of import duty
exemption to non-exporters.
3.    The Borrower has commenced implementation of the facility
referred to in Part C.1 of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
4.    The Borrower has implemented the following reforms of
enterprise regulations: (a) consolidation of all registrations
required under the Industrial Regulation, Statistics and Factories
Acts, as well as those required by the Kenya Bureau of Standards and
the National Social Security Fund; (b) consolidation of licenses
required under the Trade Licensing Act, into three categories and
elimination of distinctions made between different forms of trade;
and (c) implementation of the proposals approved by the Borrower's
Cabinet Sub-Committee in December 1989, to eliminate redundancies,
speed approvals and increase transparency in processing and
approving of investment and operating licences and permits.
5.    The Borrower has agreed with the Association on action plans
to implement the recommendations of the studies on the export
compensation scheme, alternative schemes to extend free trade status
to indirect exporters and subsequent phases of development of export
financing facilities.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
Page  13
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify;
                  and
           (ii)   prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Arti-
cle V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Cate-
gories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
Page  14
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
