Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3808 PAK
                             Project Agreement
          (Financial Sector Deepening and Intermediation Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                          STATE BANK OF PAKISTAN
                                    and
                          BANKERS EQUITY LIMITED
                          Dated January 30, 1995
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3808 PAK
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 30, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and STATE
BANK OF PAKISTAN (SBP) and BANKERS EQUITY LIMITED (BEL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and the
Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to two hundred sixteen
million dollars ($216,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that SBP and
BEL agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary grant agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SBP and an administration agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and BEL, a portion of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will
be made available to SBP and BEL, respectively, on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Grant Agreement and
Page  2
Administration Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SBP and BEL, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to
this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SBP and BEL declare their commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out their
respective activities under Part B of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and banking practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for their respective activities under Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and SBP and BEL
shall otherwise agree, SBP and BEL shall carry out their
respective activities under Part B of the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 9 to the
Loan Agreement.
      (c)   SBP and BEL may, for the purposes of their own
respective activities and, in the case of BEL acting as the
Administrator, for the purposes of the activities of CLA, CI
and PC, under Part B of the Project, each open and maintain in
dollars a special deposit account in the National Bank of
Pakistan on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank,
including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
   Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 7
to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SBP and BEL shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and the activities for which they are respectively
responsible under Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. SBP and BEL shall duly perform all their
obligations under the Subsidiary Grant Agreement and the
Administration Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, SBP and BEL shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Grant Agreement or the Administration
Agreement or any provisions thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SBP and BEL shall, at the request of the
Page  3
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of
     Part B of the Project, the performance of their
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Grant
Agreement and the Administration Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   SBP and BEL shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of Loan, or the performance by SBP and BEL of their
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Grant
Agreement and the Administration Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) SBP and BEL shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices their operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of their respective activities under
Part B of the Project.
      (b)   SBP and BEL shall:
            (i)   have such records and accounts, including those
                  for the Special Accounts, for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of SBP and BEL thereunder shall terminate on the date
on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify SBP and BEL
thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
Page  4
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For SBP:
            State Bank of Pakistan
            I.I. Chundrigar Road
            P.O. Box 4456
            Karachi, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  PAK MONEY                 2754 SBP PAK
      For BEL:
            Bankers Equity Limited
            Finance and Trade Centre
            Shahra-e-Faisal
            Karachi, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANK EQUITY               21646 BELKR PK
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of SBP and BEL may be taken or
executed by the Governor, in the case of SBP, and by the
Managing Director, in the case of BEL, or such other persons as
SBP and BEL shall designate in writing, and SBP and BEL shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                                  Regional Vice President
Page  5
                                                               South Asia
                  STATE BANK OF PAKISTAN
                  BANKERS EQUITY LIMITED
                  By /s/ Agha Ghazanfar
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                             Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Category" means Category (2) set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for Part B of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to the
eligible Category in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
1 to the Loan Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in respect of
SBP, an amount equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into SBP's Special Account, and, in
respect of BEL, an amount equivalent to $1,000,000 to be
withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited into BEL's
Special Account, all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule, provided, however, that unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation shall be limited to
an amount equivalent to $100,000, in respect of SBP, and
$200,000, in respect of BEL, until the aggregate amount of
with- drawals from the Loan Account plus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the Bank
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions shall be
equal to or exceed the equivalent of $200,000, in respect of
SBP, and $400,000, in respect of BEL; and the term "Authorized
Allocations" means the Authorized Allocation for SBP and the
Authorized Allocation for BEL collectively.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
relevant Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, SBP or
BEL, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Bank a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the
aggregate amount of the relevant Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on behalf of
SBP or BEL, as the case may be, withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
SBP or BEL, as the case may be, shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, SBP
                  or BEL, as the case may be, shall furnish to
                  the Bank requests for deposits into the Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Bank shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
Page  6
                  SBP or BEL, as the case may be, shall furnish
                  to the Bank the documents and other evidence
                  required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
                  Schedule for the payment or payments in respect
                  of which replenishment is requested. On the
                  basis of each such request, the Bank shall, on
                  behalf of SBP or BEL, as the case may be,
                  withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as SBP or BEL,
                  as the case may be, shall have requested and as
                  shall have been shown by said documents and
                  other evidence to have been paid out of the
                  Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Category, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by SBP or BEL, as the case may be,
out of its Special Account, SBP or BEL, as the case may be,
shall, at such time as the Bank shall reasonably request,
furnish to the Bank such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that
all further withdrawals should be made by SBP or BEL, as the
case may be, directly from the Loan Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   if SBP or BEL, as the case may be, shall have failed
to furnish to the Bank, within the period of time specified in
Section 3.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit
reports required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
such Special Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have notified the
Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part the
right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Loan Account
pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the General
Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the eligible Category for Part B of the Project,
less the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered
into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to Part B of the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the aggregate amount of the Authorized
Allocations.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible
Category for Part B of the Project shall follow such procedures
as the Bank shall specify by notice to SBP and BEL. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Accounts as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph
2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Bank, SBP or BEL, as the case may be, shall,
promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A) provide such additional
Page  7
evidence as the Bank may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to
the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until SBP or BEL, as the case may
be, has provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund,
as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
SBP or BEL, as the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount.
      (c)   SBP or BEL, as the case may be, may, upon notice to
the Bank, refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in a Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
