Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3361 YU
        (Kolubara B Thermal Power and Lignite Mine Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF SERBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 12, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3361 YU
                       AGREEMENT WITH SERBIA
      AGREEMENT, dated September 12
, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and REPUBLIC OF SERBIA (Serbia).
      WHEREAS (A) the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (the
Guarantor) and Elektroprivreda of Serbia (the Borrower), having been
satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to three hundred million
dollars ($300,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Serbia agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (C)   by an agreement (the EP(S) Agreement) of even date
Page  2
herewith between the Bank and the Electricity Generation Company of
Serbia (EP(S)), EP(S) has agreed to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in the EP(S) Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Serbia, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Serbia declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and,
to this end, shall provide to the Borrower, as and when required,
adequate funds to ensure the carrying out of the Project in a timely
manner.
      Section 2.02. Serbia shall take all measures necessary,
including the provision of funds, as and when needed, for the
completion by December 31, 1994 of the Stuborovni water supply dam
and the initiation of operations during that year, to ensure the
timely availability of adequate water supplies for the Kolubara B
thermal power plant.
      Section 2.03. Serbia covenants that: (a) it shall not take, or
cause or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with the performance by the Borrower or by EP(S) of their
respective obligations contained in the Loan Agreement and the EP(S)
Agreement; and (b) within the limits of its legal powers, it shall
take or cause to be taken all reasonable action necessary or
appropriate to enable the Borrower and EP(S) to perform such
obligations.
                            ARTICLE III
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 3.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 3.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Serbia thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Serbia thereof.
                            ARTICLE IV
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 4.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
Page  3
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                       197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA),
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                    82987 (FTCC)
      For Serbia:
            Republic of Serbia
            Nemanjna 22-26/X-9
            11000 Belgrade
            Yugoslavia
            Telefax:
                   003811/658-334
      Section 4.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Serbia, may be taken or executed by the
Minister of Mining and Energy or such other person or persons as he
shall designate in writing, and he shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 4.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ W. Wapenhans
                                           Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                   REPUBLIC OF SERBIA
                   By /s/ N. Sainovic
                                         Authorized Representative
