Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2574 GUI
                   Development Credit Agreement
               (Health and Nutrition Sector Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 28, 1994
                                                CREDIT NUMBER 2574 GUI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 28, 1994, between the REPUBLIC OF
GUINEA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS the Association has received a letter from the
Borrower regarding the Borrower's policy for the health sector,
dated May 18, 1993 (hereinafter referred to as the Program); and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Action Plan" means the detailed implementation plan for
the Project, dated May 21, 1993, or any amendment thereof made in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3.07 of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Financing Plan" means the financing plan referred to in
Section 6.01 (d) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Central Organization Legislation" means any of the
Borrower's legislation in force at the Effective Date (including
laws, decrees and ministerial orders) detailing MSPAS' (as
hereinafter defined) organizational structure, including its
directorates, sectoral and intersectoral committees with re-
presentation from other ministries;
      (d)   "Decentralized Organization Legislation" means the
Borrower's legislation in force at the Effective Date (including
laws, decrees and ministerial orders) detailing the decentralized
organization structure of the health sector, including the regional
and prefectoral administrations as well as hospitals and health
centers, and detailing also the cost sharing systems;
      (e)   "Essential Actions" means the actions identified as such
in the Action Plan;
      (f)   "Health Facilities" means the approximately 20 health
centers, two improved health centers and four prefectoral hospitals
in the prefectures of Mali, Koubia, Telimele, Dubreka, Kindia, Mamou
and Coyah that will be rehabilitated, constructed and maintained
under Part A.1 of the Project;
      (g)   "MSPAS" means the Borrower's Ministry responsible for
health;
      (h)   "Phase 1" means the period of 24 months following the
Effective Date, or any other period from such date as agreed between
the Borrower and the Association during which investments and other
activities identified in the Action Plan are carried out;
      (i)   "Phase 2" means the period of 24 months following the
completion of Phase 1, or any other period from such completion date
as agreed between the Borrower and the Association during which
investments and other activities identified in the Action Plan are
carried out;
      (j)   "Phase 3" means the period of 24 months following the
completion of Phase 2, or any other period from such completion date
as agreed between the Borrower and the Association during which
investments and other activities identified in the Action Plan are
carried out;
      (k)   "Sector Reorganization Program" means the program for
institutional reform, organization of MSPAS and strengthening of
health sector management as set out in the MSPAS document: "Projet
Santhungarumlaut et Nutrition: Requ\1ate de Financement, Janvier 1993";
      (l)   "Staffing and Redeployment Plan" means the Borrower's
staffing and redeployment plan as prepared under the Development
Credit Agreement (Health Services Development Project), Credit
No. 1837 GUI, dated November 16, 1987, between the Borrower and the
Association, including the implementation timetable agreed between
the Borrower and the Association on May 21, 1993;
Page  3
      (m)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to letters, dated December 18, 1991 and July 20, 1993; and
      (n)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seventeen million four hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 17,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank in Guinea on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2001, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
Page  4
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 15 and December 15
commencing June 15, 2004 and ending December 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on December 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through
MSPAS with due diligence and efficiency, and in conformity with the
Action Plan as well as appropriate financial, administrative and
technical practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
Section 3.02. Without limitation on its obligations under
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall: (i) provide in
its budget amounts sufficient to cover its counterpart contribu-
tions to the costs of the Project; (ii) open not later than 12
months following the Effective Date and maintain until the com-
pletion of the Project, an account (the Project Account) in a
commercial bank in Guinea; (iii) deposit into the Project Account,
not later than 12 months following the Effective Date, an initial
amount equivalent to $258,000 (the Initial Deposit); (iv) there-
after at annual intervals following the deposit of the Initial
Deposit, deposit in the Project Account an amount to cover the
Borrower's counterpart contributions, equivalent to $290,000 for the
first period of 12 months of Phase 2, $400,000 for the second period
of 12 months of Phase 2, $440,000 for the first period of 12 months
Page  5
of Phase 3, and $485,000 for the second period of 12 months of Phase
3. These counterpart contributions may be revised in the context of
an amendment of the Action Plan in accordance with this Agreement.
Any such revision is subject to the Association's prior approval;
and (v) ensure that the amounts deposited in the Project Account
will be used exclusively for the Borrower's counterpart expenditures
under the Project.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation on its obligations under
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall: (a) beginning
September 30, 1993 and, thereafter, not later than September 30 of
each year, review with the Association the execution of the health
sector's non-salary recurrent budget for the ongoing fiscal year as
well as an assessment of resource requirements for the following
year; and (b) on the basis of such review, each year include in its
annual recurrent budget for the following fiscal year appropriate
amounts, acceptable to the Association, to cover non-salary
recurrent costs for the health sector for that year consistent with
the Financing Plan and the Sector Reorganization Program, which
shall not be less than 2.3 billion Guinean Francs for Fiscal Year
1994, 3.4 billion Guinean Francs for Fiscal Year 1995 and 4.5
billion Guinean Francs for Fiscal Year 1996.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation on its obligations under
Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall, beginning
September 30, 1994 and, thereafter, not later than September 30 of
each year, review and agree with the Association, the Borrower's
three-year rolling investment program for the health sector in the
context of overall resource availability for the sector. Annual
investments in the health sector that are not included in the
aforementioned investment program and exceed a cumulative amount
equivalent of $1,000,000 are subject to the Association's prior
approval.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Project shall be implemented and managed
by MSPAS supported by its various technical units and decentralized
structures. The general coordination of the Project shall be the
responsibility of a Project coordinator under the tutelage of the
MSPAS' General Secretariat. The Project coordinator shall at all
times be acceptable to the Association.
      (b)   Review meetings chaired by the MSPAS Secretary General
with the participation of the various project entities shall be held
at the end of each calendar quarter.
      (c)   At six-month intervals following the Effective Date, a
progress reports will be prepared by the Project coordinator in a
format approved by the Association. The progress report shall be
submitted to the Association within 6 weeks of the end of each
interval.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower and the Association shall conduct
a review of the relevance, performance, efficiency and impact of the
Project in relation to its stated objectives at the end of each
Phase. This review will include an assessment of any changes
required to improve Project execution. In addition, the review will
assess progress made on the implementation of the Action Plan and
can result in a recommendation to amend that plan. Except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not amend the
Action Plan or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.08. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall carry
out a mid-term review of the Project in the 4th year following the
Effective Date. Sixty days prior to such review, the Borrower shall
prepare all necessary documentation for the evaluation of the
Project. The terms of reference of this review shall be acceptable
to the Association and shall include an assessment of: (i) progress
Page  6
made in achieving overall Project objectives; (ii) MSPAS'
functioning; (iii) implementation of cost sharing systems and their
impact on health services' quality and utilization; (iv)
implementation of training activities and the performance of staff
trained; (v) implementation of the priority programs; and (vi)
Project management. In addition, as part of the review, the Borrower
shall prepare a program of action, satisfactory to the Association,
to deal with deficiencies in Project implementation identified
during the review. Finally, the Borrower and the Association shall,
during the mid-term review, agree on minimum annual budgetary
allocations to cover non-salary recurrent costs for the health
sector for the remainder of the Project.
      (b)   Promptly after the review mentioned in paragraph (a)
above, the Borrower shall take, or shall cause to be taken, all
necessary action required for the implementation of the program of
action referred to in paragraph (a) above.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
Page  7
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Central Organization Legislation, the Decentralized
Organization Legislation and/or the Staffing and Redeployment Plan
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed, or waived
so as to materially and adversely affect the implementation of the
Project;
      (b)   An extraordinary situation has arisen which makes it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be
carried out; and
      (c)   The execution of the Borrower's recurrent budget for the
health sector for any year during the implementation of the Project,
deviates from the original budgetary allocation for that year as
established in accordance with Section 3.04 of this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified: any event
specified in paragraphs (a) through (c) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   The Borrower has selected, to the Association's
satisfaction, the Health Facilities referred to in Part A.1 of
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and has determined which of those
Health Facilities will be supplied with essential drugs in
accordance with Part A.2 (a) of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The consultancy contracts have been signed for the
studies and monitoring services that are required for the design and
implementation of the works to be executed on, and equipment to be
supplied to the Health Facilities during Phase 1 in accordance with
the Action Plan.
      (c)   Contracts have been signed for the supply of drugs
adequate to meet the requirements of the Project for the first year
of its implementation.
      (d)   The Borrower has continued implementation of the
Staffing and Redeployment Plan in accordance with the timetable
of such Plan, has redeployed a minimum of 150 staff to the health
centers in the prefectorates, and has submitted to the Association
the updated staff redeployment numbers.
      (e)   The financing study for the health sector has been
completed; a medium term financing plan (1994-1998) for the health
sector (also referred to as the "Financing Plan") based on the
delivery of the minimum package of health services as defined in the
Staffing and Redeployment Plan, and acceptable to the Association,
Page  8
has been adopted by the Borrower and the Borrower has agreed to a
budgetary allocation acceptable to the Association of no less than
2.3 billion Guinean Francs to cover health sector non-salary
recurrent expenditures for the fiscal year 1994.
      (f)   A computerized accounting and financial management
system acceptable to the Association has been installed under the
tutelage of the MSPAS' division for administrative and financial
management and is fully operational, and adequate staff has been
assigned and trained for the operation of the system.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister responsible for finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Finance
            B.P. 579
            Conakry
            Republic of Guinea
                                             Telex:
                                             22399 MIFIGE
            For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
                         By /s/ Aboubacar Barry
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  9
                         By /s/ Francis Colaco
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                             SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Works                      6,000,000        100%
(2) Equipment and              1,060,000        100%
    furniture for Health
    Facilities
(3) Other equipment and        2,120,000        100%
    furniture, materials
    and vehicles
(4) Drugs, iodized             1,410,000        100%
    capsules and vaccines
(5) Consultants' services      2,120,000        100%
(6) Training                   1,060,000        100%
(7) Operating Costs            1,410,000        100% for the 12
                                                months following
                                                the Effective Date;
                                                50% thereafter
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(8) Refunding of                 500,000        Amounts due
    Project                                     pursuant to
    Preparation                                 Section 2.02 (c)
    Advance                                     of this Agreement
(9) Unallocated                1,720,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                17,400,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "Operating Costs"
means incremental Project related expenditures incurred by MSPAS and
the Health Facilities for supplies, operation and maintenance of
equipment and vehicles, maintenance of buildings, per diem for
mission and local training, and domestic travel of staff of MSPAS
and Health Facilities.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   "works" (Category 1) to be executed and "equipment and
Page  10
furniture for Health Facilities" (Category 2) to be procured during
Phase 2 or Phase 3 in accordance with the Action Plan, unless all
Essential Actions for the immediately preceding Phase have been
completed to the Association's satisfaction; and
      (c)   "training" (Category 6) to be procured during Phase 2 or
Phase 3 in accordance with the Action Plan, unless all domestic
training activities that are Essential Actions for the immediately
preceding Phase have been completed to the Association's
satisfaction.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to increase quality and
access to low cost basic health services in targeted communities
through (i) the expansion of service coverage and quality im-
provement of health, nutrition and family planning services, and
(ii) the strengthening of sector organization and management as well
as resource mobilization.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Expansion of Service Coverage and Improvement of
            Service Quality
1.    Rehabilitation, construction and maintenance of approximately
20 health centers, two improved health centers and four prefectoral
hospitals, in the prefectures of Mali, Koubia and Mamou in Middle
Guinea, and the prefectures of Thungarumlautlimhungarumlautlhungarumlaut, Dubrhungarumlautka, Coyah and Kindia
in Lower Guinea (also jointly referred to as "the Health
Facilities").
2.    (a)   Phased supply of a two-year stock of essential drugs to
selected Health Facilities.
      (b)   Strengthening of drug management procedures for the
Health Facilities and training of the staff of these facilities in
drug prescription practices.
3.    Strengthening of the following technical programs at the
Health Facilities:
      (a)   Maternal and Child Health and Family Planning
      Including pre- and post-natal care, management and referral of
high risk pregnancies, vaccinations, basic curative services, family
planning services (including its integration into the normal
delivery system), child nutrition and studies in the area of family
planning practice.
      (b)   Nutrition
      Including the provision of micronutrient supplementation to
women and children (for the first two years of the Project only),
the monitoring of nutritional problems, the sensitization of
communities with respect to nutritional problems and the integration
of nutrition activities into the normal delivery system.
      (c)   Communicable Disease Control
      Including patient diagnosis and treatment, the testing of
mosquito nets impregnated with insecticides, the training of staff
in patient management, the integration of communicable disease
control activities into the normal delivery system and the
development and implementation of an epidemiological surveillance
system.
      (d)   Health and Community Education
Page  11
      Including studies on health behavior, beneficiary assess-
ments, the training of health committees and communities on their
role and responsibilities with respect to sensitization and social
mobilization, the development and dissemination of messages to
communities focusing on nutrition, family planning, maternal and
child health problems, sexually transmitted diseases, AIDS
prevention and other communicable diseases.
4.    Vaccination services under the Maternal and Child Health
program and micronutrient supplementation under the Nutrition
program referred to in the previous paragraph will also be carried
out through health centers in the prefectures of Labhungarumlaut, Pita, Dalaba,
Touguhungarumlaut and Lhungarumlautlouma, supported by the Health Services Development
Project referred to in Section 1.02 (l) of this Agreement.
Part B:     Strengthening of Sector Organization and Management
1.    MSPAS organization and sector coordination:
      (a)   Central organization and Coordination
      Support for the implementation of the Borrower's MSPAS
restructuring program as set out in the Sector Reorganization
Program, including the light rehabilitation of the central services
building of MSPAS; the preparation of divisional mandates,
individual job descriptions, and a  procedural manual; training and
support for sector coordination activities.
      (b)   Decentralization
      Support for the implementation of the Borrower's program to
decentralize health sector management to the regions, prefectures
and health centers and hospitals as set out in the Sector
Reorganization Program, including staff training, the development of
regional and prefectoral teams and the rehabilitation of
approximately 18 prefectoral directorates for health and social
affairs, in Labe, Tougue, Lelouma, Pita, Dalaba, Koubia, Mali,
Telimele, Dubreka, Kindia, Koundara, Gaoual, Boke, Boffa, Coyah,
Fria, Forecariah and Mamou, and one regional health inspectorate in
Kindia.
      (c)   Supervision and monitoring
      The introduction of integrated supervision and monitoring
systems at the regional and prefectoral level.
2.    Improvement of financial, material and human resources
management systems:
      (a)   Implementation of administrative and operational
instruments and procedures for the management of resources,
including accounting, financial and stock management systems at the
Health Facilities.
      (b)   Strengthening of the regional inspectorate of Kindia and
the prefectoral directorates mentioned in Part B.1 (b) of this
Schedule 2 through the development and introduction of admin-
istrative procedures and the establishment of financial and admin-
istrative units.
      (c)   Strengthening of the management committees and the
boards of the Health Facilities and of the health facilities
supported by the Health Services Development Project referred to in
Section 1.02 (l) of this Agreement in the prefectures of Labe, Pita,
Dalaba, Tougue and Lelouma.
      (d)   Strengthening of accounting, budgeting, financial
management and procedures for financial monitoring at MSPAS.
      (e)   Implementation of the Borrower's Staffing and
Redeployment Plan and support for the implementation of the
Borrower's master plan for the training of health staff as prepared
Page  12
under the Health Services Development Project referred to in Section
1.02 (l) of this Agreement, including curriculum development,
improved teaching methods, and the institution of an in-service
training program.
3.    Mobilization of additional financial resources:
      (a)   The preparation and implementation of the Financing Plan
for the health sector.
      (b)   The implementation of a cost sharing system for the
Health Facilities with a view to recovering approximately 50% of
non-salary operating costs at health centers overall and
approximately 30% of operating costs at hospitals.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 2000.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for works shall be
grouped into approximately ten bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more each, and contracts for goods shall
be grouped into approximately 20 bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or more each.
3.    Goods procured in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
1 above shall be exempted from price preshipment inspection by a
third party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Republic of Guinea
may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
Page  13
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works for the approximately 20 health centers referred to in
Part A.1 of Schedule 2 to this Agreement (estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $2,900,000) and works for the approximately 18
prefectoral directorates for health and social affairs and the
regional health inspectorate referred to in Part B.1 (b) of Schedule
2 to this Agreement (estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,300,000 and $100,000 respectively), may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
2.    Contracts for furniture, materials and supplies to be pro-
cured locally and estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,100,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Drugs (excluding iodized capsules) and vaccines for the
approximately 20 health centers referred to in Part A.1 of Schedule
2 to this Agreement may be procured through the United Nations
Children's Fund in accordance with the said Fund's own procedures,
up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,000,000.
Part E:  Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost more
than the equivalent of $150,000, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications, ex-
perience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satis-
factory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
Page  14
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, the
Borrower shall employ such consultants under contracts using the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by the
Bank, with such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued by
the Bank, the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed with
the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior review
or approval by the Association of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior review by
the Association shall not apply to the terms of reference for such
contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single source
selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories 1
through 7 (inclusive) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
            Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests for
            deposits into the Special Account at such intervals as
            the Association shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
            Borrower shall furnish to the Association the documents
            and other evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4 of
            this Schedule for the payment or payments in respect of
Page  15
            which replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
            such request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
            Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit
            into the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
            shall have requested and as shall have been shown by
            said documents and other evidence to have been paid out
            of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allo-
cated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any out-
standing special commitment entered into by the Association pur-
suant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the
Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
Page  16
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
