Page  1
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2349 GH
                         Norwegian Grant Agreement
                 (Literacy and Functional Skills Project)
                                  between
                             REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      as Administrator of development
                         aid funds provided by the
                     ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
                         OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                           Dated April 22, 1992
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2349 GH
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 22, 1992, between the REPUBLIC OF GHANA (the
Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, acting as
Administrator (the Administrator) of a Grant provided by the Royal Ministry
of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Norway (the Ministry).
      WHEREAS the Recipient has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and the Ministry in
the financing of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement, dated               , 1992, between the Recipient and the
Association (the Development Credit Agreement);
      WHEREAS the Association has extended a credit to the Recipient on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, and the
Ministry has authorized the Administrator to extend to the Recipient for the
same purposes a grant (the Norwegian Grant) to assist the Recipient on the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
      WHEREAS by an agreement of even date herewith between the Ministry and
the Association (the Administration Agreement) the Ministry has requested
the Association, and the Association has accepted, to administer the
Norwegian Grant in accordance with the provisions of the Administration
Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Recipient acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to the Recipient under this Agreement (the Norwegian Grant
Agreement) shall be considered as part of the bilateral development aid
extended by the Ministry to the Recipient; and
      WHEREAS, the Administrator has agreed on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing to extend the Norwegian Grant to the Recipient upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements of the Association, dated January 1, 1985 (the "General
Conditions"), constitute an integral part of this Agreement subject,
however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", whenever used in the General Conditions,
means the International Development Association acting as Administrator of
the Norwegian Grant pursuant to the Administration Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", whenever used in the General Conditions,
means the Norwegian Grant extended to the Grantee under this Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the trust account opened by the Administrator in its books
in the name of the Recipient to which the amount of the Norwegian Grant is
credited (the Trust Account);
      (e)   Section 9.06, paragraph 6, shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or such
      later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the Recipient
      and the Administrator, the Recipient shall prepare and furnish to the
      Administrator a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
      Administrator shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
      Project referred to in the Preamble to the Norwegian Grant Agreement,
      the performance by the Recipient and the Administrator of their
      respective obligations under the Norwegian Grant Agreement and the
      accomplishment of the purposes of the Norwegian Grant.";
      (f)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04, 4.05, 4.06,
6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 9.03 and Article XII of the General Conditions are
deleted; and
      (g)   in Sections 6.02 and 7.01 of the General Conditions, the term
"Association" shall also include the International Development Association
acting in its own capacity.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the context
otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General Conditions, in
the Administration Agreement, in the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
Development Credit Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
      Section 1.03. Wherever used in this Agreement, the terms, "Norwegian
Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency of Norway.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the Recipient, on
the terms and conditions herein set forth or referred to, a grant in an
amount of twenty million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 20,000,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Norwegian Grant may be withdrawn from
the Trust Account in accordance with the Schedule to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement between the Recipient
and the Administrator for the financing the expenditures made (or, if the
Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost
of the goods and services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant.
      (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above, no
Page  3
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments for taxes levied by, or in
the territory of, the Grantee on goods and services or in the importation,
manufacture, procurement or supply thereof.
      (c)   Withdrawals from the Trust Account shall be made in the
respective currencies in which the expenditures to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Norwegian Grant have been paid or are payable, or at the
option of the Administrator, in Norwegian Kroner.
      (d)   The Recipient shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a commercial bank on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Administrator, including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement, it being
understood that the references in said Schedule to "Credit", "Credit
Account" and "Association", shall be deemed to be references to the
Norwegian Grant, the Trust Account and the Administrator of the Norwegian
Grant. The amount of the Authorized Allocation shall be deemed to be the
equivalent of two million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 2,000,000) and the Eligible
Categories shall be the categories set forth in the Schedule of this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
contracts for goods and services required for the Program and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement, it
being understood that the references in said Schedule to the "Association"
and the "Credit Account" shall be deemed to be references to the
Administrator of the Norwegian Grant and the Trust Account, respectively.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined that the
procurement of any item is inconsistent with the procedures set forth or
referred to in paragraph (a) above, no expenditures for such item shall be
financed out of the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant, and the Administrator
may, without in any way restricting or limiting any other right, power or
remedy of the Administrator under this Agreement, by notice to the
Recipient, cancel such amount of the Norwegian Grant as, in the
Administrator's reasonable opinion, represents the amount of such
expenditures which would otherwise have been eligible for financing out of
the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995, or such
later date as the Administrator shall establish. The Administrator shall
promptly notify the Recipient of such later date.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
Articles III and IV of the Development Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as if they
were fully set forth herein, it being understood that all references in
Articles III and IV to the "Association" shall he deemed to be references
to the Association, as Administrator on behalf of the Ministry under this
Agreement; all references to the "Development Credit Agreement" shall be
deemed to be references to this Agreement, and all references to the
"Credit' shall be deemed to be references to the Norwegian Grant.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Effectiveness; Termination; Representation
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date
first above written and shall continue in effect until the Norwegian Grant
has been fully disbursed and the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled
their obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Recipient and
the Administrator hereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms.
Page  4
      Section 4.03 The representative designated in Section 6.01 of the
Development Credit Agreement shall be the representative of the Recipient
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.04. The addresses specified in Section 6.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement shall be the addresses specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                    Transfer of Rights and Obligations
      Section 5.01. In accordance with the provisions of the Administration
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the Administrator under this
Agreement may be transferred to the Ministry. The Recipient accepts as and
agrees that, upon notice by the Administrator to the Recipient to that
effect, the Ministry shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such
notice be substituted in all rights and obligations of the Administrator
under this Agreement as if the Ministry had been an original party to this
Agreement, without any further action or formality required on the part of
any party, and from such date, the Administrator shall cease to have any
rights or obligations as a party under this Agreement.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United States
of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                  By /s/ Joseph L.S. Abbey
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION,
                     as ADMINISTRATOR of development
                        aid funds provided by the
                  ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF
                        THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                 SCHEDULE
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.    The table below set forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Grant, the Allocation of the amounts of the Grant to
each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed
in each Category:
       Amount of the
      Grant Allocated                % of
       (Expressed in             Expenditures
Category       NOK)             to be Financed
(1)     Post-literacy              6,200,000        100%
    materials
(2)     Research and               7,600,000        100%
    evaluation
(3)     Other teaching             6,200,000        100%
    materials
Page  5
    TOTAL20,000,000
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to the date
of the Development Credit Agreement.
