Page  1
                                        CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2078 PAK
             Development Credit Agreement
            (Rural Electrification Project)
                        between
             ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated February 2, 1990
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2078 PAK
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 2, 1990, between ISLAMIC
REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN, acting by its President (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower has also requested the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(the Bank) to provide additional assistance towards to
the financing of the Project and by an agreement of even
date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank (the Loan
Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to provide such
assistance in an aggregate principal amount equivalent to
one hundred twenty-three million dollars ($123,000,000)
(the Loan);
     (C)  the Borrower and the Association intend, to the
extent practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit
provided for in this Agreement be disbursed on account of
expenditures in respect of the Project before
disbursements of the proceeds of the Loan are made;
     (D) by an agreement between the Borrower and the
Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund (OECF) dated November
1, 1988, (the OECF Loan Agreement), the Borrower has
contracted a loan in an amount of twenty billion seven
Page  2
hundred thirty-eight million Japanese Yen
(\1a20,738,000,000) to assist in financing the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in the OECF Loan
Agreement;
     (E)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the United
States Agency for International Development (USAID) a
grant in an amount equivalent to fifty-six million
dollars ($56,000,000) to assist in financing the Project
on terms and conditions set forth in an agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and USAID (the USAID
Grant Agreement);
     (F)  the Project will be carried out by the Water
and Power Development Authority of Pakistan (WAPDA) with
the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to WAPDA the
proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement and
the proceeds of the Loan as provided in the Loan
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith among the Association, the Bank and WAPDA;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even
date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the
Project, as such agreement may be amended from time to
time; and such term includes the "General Conditions
Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank,
dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement, and
all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan
Agreement;
     (b)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement among
the Association, the Bank and WAPDA of even date
herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
     (c)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and WAPDA
pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (d)  "Subsidiary Loans means the loan lent to WAPDA
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (e)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
Page  3
     (f)  "WAPDA Act" means the Pakistan Water and Power
Development Authority Act, 1958, as amended to the date
of this Agreement;
     (g)  "Rs" or "Rupees" means the currency of the
Borrower;
     (h)  "Core Investment Program" means WAPDA's program
of high priority projects, described in a letter dated
June 4, 1989, from the Borrower to the Bank, referred to
in Recital (B) to the Loan Agreement dated December 8,
1989, Loan Number 3107 PAK (Second Energy Sector Loan),
between the Bank and the Borrower, intended to minimize
energy shortfalls;
     (i)  "Rural Electrification Master Plan" or "REMP"
means the plan which, inter alia, identifies the names of
all non-electrified villages and settlements in the
territory of the Borrower, ranked in descending order of
their benefit to cost ratios associated with the supply
of electricity service to each such village and
settlement; and
     (j)  "FY" means the fiscal year, beginning July 1
and ending June 30, of WAPDA.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to twenty nine
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
29,100,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in a commercial bank in Pakistan on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1995 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
Page  4
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in
each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
May 1 and November 1 commencing May 1, 2000 and ending
November 1, 2024. Each installment to and including the
installment payable on November 1, 2009 shall be one and
one-fourth percent (1/1/4%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capital, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification on terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
     Section 2.09. The Secretary to the Government of
Page  5
Pakistan, Economic Affairs Division, or any Additional
Secretary, Joint Secretary, Deputy Secretary, or Section
Officer in that Division of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking
any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement,
shall cause WAPDA to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations
of WAPDA therein set forth, shall take and cause to be
taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable WAPDA to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
would prevent or interfere with such performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the
Credit and the proceeds of the Loan to WAPDA under a
subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and WAPDA, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association and the Bank,
which shall include the following principal terms and
conditions: (i) the principal amount of the Subsidiary
Loan repayable by WAPDA shall be the equivalent in Rupees
(determined as of the date or respective dates of
withdrawal from the Credit Account or the Loan Account)
of the currency or currencies withdrawn from the Credit
Account or the Loan Account; (ii) the Subsidiary Loan
shall be repaid by WAPDA in thirty equal installments
over twenty years (including five years of grace); (iii)
WAPDA shall pay the Borrower interest on the principal
amount of the Subsidiary Loan withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per
annum; and (iv) WAPDA shall repay to the Borrower all
amounts paid by the Borrower to the Association and the
Bank in respect of commitment charges on the proceeds of
the Credit and the Loan.
     (c)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower, the Association
and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be
carried out by WAPDA pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement.
Page  6
                      ARTICLE IV
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Association has
               received the audit report for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records.
     (B)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and
               those for the Special Account for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall cause all federal
and provincial governmental agencies and departments to
settle all bills for the supply of electricity by WAPDA
within three months of receipt of such bills.
     Section 4.03. The Borrower shall, not later than
July 1, 1990, take the necessary measures so as to enable
WAPDA to recover the connection costs from agricultural
consumers over the economic life of the tube wells
referred to under Parts A 5 and 6 (i) of the Project.
     Section 4.04. The Borrower shall, not later than
Page  7
December 31, 1992, in consultation with the Association
and the Bank, formulate and furnish to the Association
and the Bank, for review and comment, an action plan to
enable WAPDA to enhance the recovery of costs of rural
electrification operations.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph:
               (A)  the right of the Borrower or WAPDA
                    to withdraw the proceeds of any loan
                    or grant made to the Borrower or
                    WAPDA for the financing of the
                    Project shall have been suspended,
                    cancelled or terminated in whole or
                    in part, pursuant to the terms of
                    the agreements providing therefor;
                    or
               (B)  any such loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof;
          (ii) subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A)  such suspension, cancellation,
                    termination or prematuring is not
                    caused by the failure of the
                    Borrower or WAPDA. as the case may
                    be, to perform any of its
                    obligations under such agreement;
                    and
               (B)  adequate funds for the Project are
                    available to the Borrower or WAPDA
                    from other sources on terms and
                    conditions consistent with the
                    obligations of the Borrower under
                    this Agreement and with the
                    obligations of WAPDA under the
                    Project Agreement.
     (b)  WAPDA shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (c)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Development Credit Agreement, an
extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that WAPDA will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (d)  The WAPDA Act shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of WAPDA to perform
any of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (e)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of WAPDA or for the
suspension of its operations.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
Page  8
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
the proviso of paragraph (ii) of that Section;
     (b)  the event specified in paragraph (b) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower; and
     (c)  the events specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and
(e) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and WAPDA;
     (b)  the PC-l document for the Project has been
approved by the Executive Committee of the National
Economic Council of the Borrower;
     (c)  all conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of the Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than
those related to the effectiveness of this Agreement; and
     (d)  all conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of the USAID Grant Agreement (other than the
effectiveness of this Agreement and of the Loan
Agreement) or to the right of the Borrower or WAPDA to
make withdrawals thereunder shall have been fulfilled.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by WAPDA, and is legally binding
upon WAPDA in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and WAPDA and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and WAPDA in
accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under
Sections 4.02, 4.03 and 4.04 of this Agreement and the
provisions of paragraph (a) of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease on the date on which this Agreement
shall terminate or on the date 20 years after the date of
this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Secretary to the Government of
Pakistan Economic Affairs Division is designated as
Page  9
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Secretary of the Government of Pakistan
          Economic Affairs Division
          Islamabad, Pakistan
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ECONOMIC                 ECDIV-05-634
               Pakistan
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
               By /s/ Mueen Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Hans-Eberhard Kopp
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of
              the Credit and of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of
the Loan the allocation of the amounts of the Credit and
of the Loan each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for financed in each Category:
                  Amount        Amount
                  of the        of the
                  Credit         Loan         % of
                 Allocated     Allocated    Expendi-
                (Expressed    (Expressed     tures
Page  10
                  in SDR       in Dollar     to be
   Category     Equivalent)   Equivalent)   Financed
(1) Works               0     45,000,000     80%
(2) Materials  29,100,000     50,000,000     100% of
    and equip-                               foreign ex-
    ment                                     penditures,
                                             100% of
                                             local ex-
                                             penditures
                                             (ex-factory
                                             cost) and
                                             66% of local
                                             expenditures
                                             for other
                                             items pro-
                                             cured
locally
(3) Consul-             0      4,000,000     100%
    tants'
    services
    and train-
    ing
(4) Unallocated         0     24,000,000
     TOTAL      29,100,00    123,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement,
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 118,000, may be made in
respect of Category (3) on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after June 30, 1989.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to assist the
Borrower to: (a) improve rural productivity and quality
of life for its rural population; (b) rationalize
investments for rural electrification; (c) establish a
long-term framework for extension of the rural electric
distribution network at least-cost; (d) improve reli-
ability and quality of service and reduce losses in the
rural electric distribution network; and (e) minimize
electric generating capacity shortfalls through better
load management.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Infrastructure Development
Page  11
1.   Extension of electricity supply to new villages and
settlements.
2.   Connection to the established power grid of
settlements in close proximity to villages which have
already been electrified.
3.   Expanding of consumer connections in villages and
settlements which have already been partially
electrified.
4.   Reinforcement and rehabilitation of the existing
rural electric distribution network.
5.   Extension of electricity supply to approximately
27,000 tube-wells.
6.   Installation of: (i) load management devices for
controlling the load of approximately 27,000 tubewells;
and (ii) approximately 300 meters to introduce
peak/off-peak pricing of electricity.
Part B:   Mapping
     Mapping of unsurveyed villages and settlements
within the territory of the Borrower in support of the
preparation of the REMP.
Part C:   Studies
     Carrying out of studies to: (i) produce an actuarial
report on WAPDA; and (ii) automate WAPDA's accounting and
financial information systems.
                        *  *  *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1995.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit or the Loan allocated
from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account and deposited into the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
Page  12
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i) For replenishment of the Special Account,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
for deposits into the Special Account at such intervals
as the Association shall specify; and (ii) prior to or at
the time of each such request, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association the documents and other evidence
required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
payment or payments in respect of which replenishment is
requested. On the basis of each such request, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account or the Loan Account and deposit
into the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
shall have requested and as shall have been shown by said
documents and other evidence to have been made out of the
Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account or the Loan Account under the
respective eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
the Development Credit Agreement or from the Loan Account
in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 of the
Loan Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions
applicable thereto; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
and the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered
into by the Association or the Bank pursuant to Section
5.02 of the respective General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account and the
Loan Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit and the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
Page  13
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association or the Bank) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower
has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association or
the Bank such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association or the Bank all or
any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association or the Bank made
pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this
Schedule shall be credited to the Credit Account or the
Loan Account, as the case may be, for subsequent
withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement
and the Loan Agreement, including the General Conditions.
