Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2078 PAK
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3148 PAK
                   Project Agreement
            (Rural Electrification Project)
                         among
 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
   WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF PAKISTAN
                Dated February 2, 1990
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2078 PAK
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3148 PAK
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 2, 1990, among the
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association),
the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and the WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
OF PAKISTAN (WAPDA).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to twenty nine million one
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 29,100,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that WAPDA agrees
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred twenty-three million
dollars ($123,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that
WAPDA agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank
as are set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
     (C)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and WAPDA, the proceeds of the
Credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement and the proceeds of the Loan provided for under
the Loan Agreement will be made available to WAPDA on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS WAPDA, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower and the Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement
with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined in
the Development Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement,
respectively) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the following additional terms have the
following meanings:
     (a)  "Internal Audit Study" means the study carried
out for WAPDA, pursuant to Section 4.04 of the Loan
Agreement dated April 17, 1985, Loan No. 2499-PAK (Fourth
WAPDA Power Project), between the Bank and WAPDA,
detailing methods to develop a modern internal audit
system for WAPDA; and
     (b)  "Power Wing" means the division of WAPDA
responsible for the construction and operation of power
generation, transmission and distribution facilities
throughout the territory of the Borrower, with the
exception of the Karachi area.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) WAPDA declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, WAPDA shall carry out the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, as such Schedule
may be amended from time to time by agreement between the
Association, the Bank and WAPDA.
     Section 2.02. WAPDA shall complete and submit to the
Association and the Bank for review and comment, not
later than December 31, 1993, the Rural Electrification
Master Plan.
     Section 2.03. (a) Subject to paragraph (b) of this
Section, WAPDA shall select only those villages for
Page  3
electrification in a given year under the Project which
shall:
          (i)  have an overall country-wide ratio of
               inhabitants to distance in kilometers
               from the medium voltage grid of not less
               than 24; and
          (ii) satisfy the additional criteria set forth
               below:
               (A)  for villages in the Provinces of
                    Punjab Sind, that each such village
                    shall have less than 200 inhabitants
                    and shall be more than 6 kilometers
                    in distance from medium voltage
                    grid; and
               (B)  for village in the North West
                    Frontier Province, that each such
                    village shall be not more than 20
                    kilometers in distance from the
                    medium voltage grid and that all
                    such villages shall have an overall
                    province-wide ratio of not less than
                    24.
     (b)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, any settlement which is not a village
shall be eligible for electrification under the Project
if it has not less than 200 inhabitants and is not more
than l kilometer in distance from the medium voltage
grid.
     Section 2.04. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule l to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.05. WAPDA shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement: (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.06. WAPDA shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Association and the Bank shall otherwise agree,
WAPDA shall not take or concur in any action which would
have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
     Section 2.07. (a) WAPDA shall, at the request of the
Association or the Bank, exchange views with the
Association and the Bank with regard to the progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of
the
Credit and of the Loan.
     (b)  WAPDA shall promptly inform the Association and
the Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens
to interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit or of the
Page  4
Loan, or the performance by WAPDA of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
          Management and Operations of WAPDA
     Section 3.01. WAPDA shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. WAPDA shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices.
     Section 3.03. WAPDA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. Except in the ordinary course of its
business, WAPDA shall not, without the prior consent of
the Association and the Bank, sell, lease, transfer,
distribute or otherwise dispose of any of its property or
assets which shall be required for the efficient
operation of its Power Wing.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) WAPDA shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  WAPDA shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited; and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association and the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association and the
               Bank such other information
               concerning said records, accounts
               and financial statements as well as
               the audit thereof, as the
               Association and the Bank shall from
               time to time reasonably request.
Page  5
     Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association and the
Bank shall otherwise agree, WAPDA shall produce, for each
of its fiscal years after its fiscal year ending on June
30, 1990, funds from internal sources related to
electricity operations equivalent to not less than 40% of
the annual average of WAPDA's capital expenditures
incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that fiscal
year, the previous fiscal year and the next following
fiscal year.
     (b)  Before April 15 in each of its fiscal years,
WAPDA shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by WAPDA
and satisfactory to the Association and the Bank, review
whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) and shall furnish to the Association and
the Bank a copy of such review upon its completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that WAPDA would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
WAPDA's fiscal years covered by such review, WAPDA shall
promptly take all necessary measures (including, without
limitation, adjustments of the structure and levels of
its electricity tariff) in order to meet such
requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "funds from internal sources
               related to electricity operations" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  the sum of gross revenues from all
                    sources related to electricity
                    operations, consumer deposits, cash
                    contributions from consumers in aid
                    of construction, and net
                    non-operating income and any
                    reduction in working capital other
                    than cash; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    electricity operations of operation,
                    maintenance and administration
                    (excluding depreciation and other
                    non-cash operating charges),
                    interest and other charges on debt
                    (including interest and other
                    charges on debt charged to construc-
                    tion irrespective of whether they
                    constitute cash or non-cash
                    expenses), repayment of loans
                    (including sinking fund payments, if
                    any), all taxes or payments in lieu
                    of taxes, all cash dividends and
                    other cash distribution of surplus,
                    increase in working capital other
                    than cash and any other cash
                    outflows other than capital
                    expenditures for electricity
                    operations.
          (ii) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
Page  6
         (iii) The term "capital expenditures"
               shall include all investments
               related to WAPDA's electricity
               operations. Interest and other
               charges charged to construction
               shall be excluded.
          (iv) The term "working capital other than
               cash" means the difference between
               current assets excluding cash and current
               liabilities at the end of each fiscal
               year.
          (v)  The term "current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
          (vi) The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association and the
Bank shall otherwise agree, WAPDA shall not incur any
debt unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and
expenditures of WAPDA shows that the estimated net
revenues of WAPDA for each fiscal year during the term of
the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated debt service requirements of WAPDA in such year
on all debt of WAPDA, including the debt to be incurred.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               WAPDA maturing by its terms more than one
               year after the date on which it is
               originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into.
         (iii) The term "net revenues" means the
               difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations and net
                    non-operating income; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations including administration,
                    adequate maintenance, taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, but
                    excluding provision for
                    depreciation, other non-cash
Page  7
                    operating charges and interest and
                    other charges on debt.
          (iv) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (v)  the term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vi) Whenever for the purposes of this
               Section, it shall be necessary to value,
               in terms of the currency of the Borrower,
               debt payable in a another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rates on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Association and the Bank.
         (vii) The term "reasonable forecast" means
               a forecast prepared by WAPDA not
               earlier than twelve months prior to
               the incurrence of the debt in
               question, which the Association, the
               Bank and WAPDA accept as reasonable
               and as to which the Association and
               the Bank have notified WAPDA of its
               acceptability, provided that no
               event has occurred since such
               notification which has, or may
               reasonably be expected in the future
               to have, a material adverse effect
               on the financial condition or future
               operating results of WAPDA.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, of the Bank and of WAPDA thereunder
shall terminate on the earlier of the following two
dates:
          (i)  the date on which both the Development
               Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
               shall terminate in accordance with their
               terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Page  8
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association and the Bank shall promptly notify WAPDA of
this event.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
               and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For WAPDA:
          Water and Power Development
               Authority of Pakistan
          WAPDA House
          Lahore, Pakistan
          Cable address:           Telex:
               WAPDA                         44869
               Lahore                        WAPDA PAK
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of WAPDA, or by
WAPDA on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Page  9
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
Chairman of WAPDA or such other person or persons as
WAPDA shall designate in writing, and WAPDA shall furnish
to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority
and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
     Section 6.03. As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to WAPDA and so long as the
Development Credit Agreement shall not have terminated
prior to the termination of the Loan Agreement:
     (a)  the obligations of WAPDA to consult with, and
to furnish information, documents, plans, reports,
records and statements to the Bank, the Bank shall be
satisfied to the extent performance in respect of such
obligations is rendered to the Association;
     (b)  the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, WAPDA shall be satisfied
to the extent such obligations are fulfilled by the
Association; and
     (c)  all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
     Section 6.04. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Hans-Eberhard Kopp
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
          INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
               DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Hans-Eberhard Kopp
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
               WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF
                    PAKISTAN
               By /s/ Mueen Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
Page  10
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for the
construction and erection of Project facilities shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent
of $1,500,000 or more each.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, WAPDA may grant a
margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Standardized items of power distribution equipment
and materials, or groups of such items estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $400,000 per contract, up to
an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$7,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
through limited international bidding procedures on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited from
a list of at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines and in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56
thereof).
2.   Contracts for the supply of prestressed concrete
poles to be used to support power lines may be procured
through direct contracting procedures by extending
existing contracts with suppliers thereof.
3.   Works for the installation of both connection lines
from the power grid to consumer residences and consumers'
meters up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $5,000,000 shall be carried out by force
account under procedures satisfactory to the Association
and the Bank.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set
Page  11
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association and the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association and
the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of
the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit
Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist WAPDA in the carrying out of the
Project, WAPDA shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association and
the Bank: (a) by September 30, 1990, to complete by
September 30, 1991, a study to design automated
accounting and financial information systems for WAPDA;
(b) by June 30, 1990, to complete, by March 30, 1991, an
actuarial study of WAPDA; (c) to initiate, by December
31, 1990, and to complete by December 31, 1993, the
mapping of villages and settlements in the territory of
the Borrower which are as yet unmapped; (d) to complete,
by December 31, 1993, the Rural Electrification Master
Plan; and (e) to prepare the bidding documents and the
detailed engineering for and to supervise the
construction of works under the Project. Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   In order to carry out Parts A and B of the Project
WAPDA shall:
     (a)  issue, not later than July 1, 1990, the
necessary bid ding documents for the meters provided for
under Part A.6 of the Project;
     (b)  appoint consultants under Section II (d) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement not later than September 30.
1990:
Page  12
     (c)  review with the Association and the Bank, not
later than June 30, 1991, the results of the pilot
program for load management referred to in Part C of
Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement dated
April 28, 1989, Credit Number 2004-PAK (Private Tubewell
Development Project), between the Association and the
Borrower, and, by December 31, 1991, submit to the
Association and the Bank for approval: (i) WAPDA's
proposals regarding the equipment to be employed to
restrict the operations of tubewells; and (ii) an action
plan for the installation of such equipment, beginning
January 31, 1993:
     (d)  not later than September 30, 1990, prepare and
furnish for approval by the Association and the Bank, a
timetable for completion, not later than December 31,
1993, of the mapping of: (i) electric power feeder lines;
and (ii) the unsurveyed villages and settlements within
the territory of the Borrower, referred to in Part B of
the Project;
     (e)  prepare lists of villages to be considered for
electrification in each district of the territory of the
Borrower in accordance with the criteria set forth in
Section 2.03 of this Agreement and rank such villages in
descending order of their inhabitants per kilometer
ratio;
     (f)  select the villages to be considered for
electrification under the Project in FY 1991 and FY 1992,
pursuant to the criteria set forth in Section 2.03 of
this Agreement, from the preliminary list of villages
submitted by WAPDA to the Association and the Bank in May
of 1989 and, thereafter, furnish to the Association and
the Bank, not later than October 31, 1991 and 1992,
respectively, final lists of villages so electrified:
     (g)  prepare lists of villages to be considered for
electrification under the Project after FY 1992 and
submit them to the Association and the Bank for review
and comment not later than March 31 of each such year,
and, thereafter, furnish to the Association and the Bank,
not later than October 31 of each year after 1992, a
final list of villages electrified pursuant to the cri-
teria set forth in Section 2.03 of this Agreement;
     (h)  designate a senior staff member at each area
electricity board to be responsible for monitoring the
implementation of the Project in each such area and to
ensure that it is carried out in accordance with
environmental practices satisfactory to the Association
and the Bank,
     (i)  not later than December 31, 1990, complete a
study to assess the advantages of employing 15
kilovolt-amperes distribution transformers and furnish
the findings and recommendations thereof to the
Association and the Bank for review and comment;
     (j)  limit the use of steel lattice poles to areas
which are unsuitable for concrete poles;
     (k)  design and test, not later than December 31,
1991, light, prestressed concrete poles which are more
suitable for conductors of a size not greater than 100
square millimeters; and
     (l)  employ 33 kilovolt primary distribution voltage
in sparsely populated areas.
2.   In order to improve WAPDA's financial management
Page  13
WAPDA shall:
     (a)  (i) initiate, not later than July 1, 1990, the
process of separating accounts for rural electrification
operations from those of WAPDA's overall Power Wing
Accounts; and (ii) maintain, beginning in FY 1992,
separate accounts for rural electrification operations,
including preparation of year-end financial statements;
     (b)  review its security deposit rates at the end of
each fiscal year and adjust them to a level, satisfactory
to the Association and the Bank, to reflect the ensuing
year's average billing for each category of its
customers;
     (c)  carry out, not later than December 31, 1990, a
comprehensive aging analysis of its accounts receivable
and, by June 30, 1991, adjust the accounts receivable on
its balance sheet to reflect only those receivables which
are overdue for less than three years and which are
determined by such analysis to be collectible;
     (d)  furnish to the Association and the Bank, not
later than June 30, 1990, for review and comment, the
recommendations of the Internal Audit Study together with
a proposed action plan, satisfactory to the Association
and the Bank, for the implementation of the said study by
not later than June 30, 1991;
     (e)  review with the Association and Bank, not later
than June 30 of each year beginning with 1990, the
arrangements for setting aside annually amounts in a
sinking fund to be used to retire the bonds issued by
WAPDA in FY 1988 and FY 1989;
     (f)  (i) furnish to the Association and the Bank for
comment, together with proposed action plans for their
implementation, not later than: (A) April 30, 1991, the
recommendations of the actuarial study of WAPDA
undertaken under Part C (i) of the Project; and (B) not
later than September 30, 1991, the recommendations of the
study to automate WAPDA's accounting and financial
information systems undertaken under Part C (ii) of the
Project; and (ii) implement, in a manner as shall be
agreeable to the Association and the Bank, not later
than: (A) June 30, 1991, the conclusions and
recommendations of the actuarial study of WAPDA; and (B)
September 30, 1992, the conclusions and recommendations
of the study to automate the accounting and financial
information systems of WAPDA; and
     (g)  implement, in a manner satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank, the plan of action for the
reorganization of its finance function by not later than
December 31, 1990.
