Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2190 UG
              (Agricultural Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                      THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 19, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2190 UG
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 19, 1990, between THE REPUBLIC OF
UGANDA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
November 23, 1990, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's agricultural sector (hereinafter called
the Program) and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having committed itself to the execution
of the Program and, as part of the Program, having undertaken to
carry out the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has
requested the Association to assist in the financing of the Project
and of urgently needed imports required during the execution of the
Program; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
Page  2
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the "General
Conditions") constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "PEC" means the Presidential Economic Council of the
Borrower;
      (b)   "APC" means the Borrower's Agricultural Policy Committee
reporting to PEC;
      (c)   "BOU" means the Bank of Uganda, the Borrower's central
bank;
      (d)   "MISR" means the Institute for Social Research of
Makerere University;
      (e)   "UCB" means the Uganda Commercial Bank;
      (f)   "CMB" means the Coffee Marketing Board;
      (g)   "CMB Subsidiary Grant Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and CMB pursuant to Section
3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules to the CMB Subsidiary
Grant Agreement;
      (h)   "MISR Subsidiary Grant Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and Makerere University
pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules to
the MISR Subsidiary Grant Agreement;
      (i)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b), (c) and (d) of this Agreement;
      (j)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the Project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated March 16, 1989, May 18,
1989, June 9, 1989, October 15, 1990 and October 30, 1990 between
the Borrower and the Association;
      (k)   "U.Sh" and "Uganda Shillings" mean the currency of the
Borrower; and
      (l)   "Project Account" means each of the accounts referred to
in Section 3.01 (e) of this Agreement.
                           ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to sixty-nine million five hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 69,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
Page  3
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of: (i) goods, works and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) goods imported during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Category (7) of
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, open and
maintain in dollars, through BOU a special deposit account
(hereinafter referred to as "Special Account A") in a commercial
bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association,
including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Categories (1)
(a), (2) (a), (3) (a), (4) (a), (5) (a) and (6) (a) of the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, open and maintain in
dollars, through BOU, a special deposit account (hereinafter
referred to as "Special Account B") in a commercial bank on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
      (d)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Categories (1)
(b) and (c), (2) (b), (c) and (d), (3) (b) and (c), (4) (b) and (c),
(5) (b), (c) and (d) and (6) (b) of the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, open and maintain in dollars, through
BOU, a special deposit account (hereinafter referred to as "Special
Account C") in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satis-
factory to the Association.
      (e)   Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Accounts
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
      (f)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1995 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the "Accrual Date") to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the Accrual Date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
Page  4
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15
commencing April 15, 2001 and ending October 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 15,
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consi-
deration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) BOU is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions, with respect to withdrawals
under Category (7) of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts BOU with responsibility for the preparation
of withdrawal applications under Category (7) of the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement and for the collection
of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the
Association in support of such applications.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and economic practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
Page  5
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available to CMB, as a grant,
the proceeds of the Credit which may from time to time be allocated
to Categories (2) (c), (4) (b) and (5) (c) in the table set forth in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement under a subsidiary grant agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and CMB, under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make available to Makerere University
for use by MISR as a grant, the proceeds of the Credit which may
from time to time be allocated to Categories (1) (b), (2) (b), (3)
(b) and (5) (b) in the table set forth in Schedule 1 to this
Agreement under a subsidiary grant agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Makerere University under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the CMB
Subsidiary Grant Agreement and the MISR Subsidiary Grant Agreement
in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the CMB Subsidiary Grant Agreement
and the MISR Subsidiary Grant Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (e)   The Borrower shall: (i) for the purposes of Part A of
the Project, open and maintain in BOU until the completion of the
Project, a Project account and deposit therein twenty-eight million
Uganda Shillings (U.Shs 28,000,000). Thereafter, the Borrower shall,
at the beginning of each quarter, deposit the amount estimated to be
required to cover the expenditures for Part A of the Project during
such quarter which are not covered by withdrawals from the Credit
Account; and (ii) for the purposes of Parts B, C, D and E of the
Project open and maintain in BOU until the completion of the
Project, a Project account and deposit therein thirty-seven million
Uganda Shillings (U.Shs. 37,000,000). Thereafter, the Borrower
shall, at the beginning of each quarter, deposit the amount
estimated to be required to cover the expenditures for Parts B, C,
D and E of the Project during such quarter which are not covered by
withdrawals from the proceeds of the Credit Account.
      (f)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 6
to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, and in any case not later than September 1 in each
year of Project implementation, at the request of either party
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out: (i) the
Project; (ii) the Program; and (iii) the actions referred to in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views as specified in
paragraph (a) of this Section and not later than August 1 of each
year of Project Implementation, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association for its review and comment a report on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit in respect
of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
Page  6
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for the Special Accounts and the Project
                  Accounts, for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall cause CMB to:
      (a)   maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial conditions; and
      (b)   (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
Page  7
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall cause CMB:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, commercial and financial
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and financial
practices.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following are specified as a additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions:
      (a)   the macro-economic policy framework of the Borrower is
consistent with the objectives of the Program; and
      (b)   the CMB Subsidiary Grant Agreement has been duly
executed by the Borrower and CMB.
      Section 5.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions to be included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished
to the Association, namely, that the CMB Subsidiary Grant Agreement
has been duly authorized or ratified by CMB and is legally binding
on CMB in accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VI
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 8147
Page  8
            Kampala
            Uganda
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  FINSEC                      61170
                  Kampala
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INDEVAS                     248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.            197688 (TRT)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                               82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                  By /s/ C. W. C. B. Kiyonga
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)   Civil works:                              100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                50% of local
                                                expenditures
      (a)   under Part A      400,000
            of the Project
      (b)   under Part C      100,000
            (a) (i) of the
Page  9
            Project
      (c)   other             _______
(2)   Equipment and supplies:                   100%
      (a)   under Part A      660,000
            of the Project
      (b)   under Part C      160,000
            (a) (i) of the
            Project
      (c)   under Part D.1     30,000
            of the Project
      (d)   other             180,000
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(3)   Vehicles:                                 100%
      (a)   under Part A      370,000
            of the Project
      (b)   under Part C       40,000
            (a) (i) of the
            Project
      (c)   other             190,000
(4)   Consultants'                              100%
      services:
      (a)   under Part A      850,000
            of the Project
      (b)   under Part D.1    520,000
            of the Project
      (c)   other           1,900,000
(5)   Training and                              100% of foreign
      workshops:                                expenditures and
                                                60% of local
                                                expenditures
      (a)   under Part A      600,000
            of the Project
      (b)   under Part C      190,000
            (a) (i) of the
            Project
      (c)   under Part D.1    150,000
            of the Project
      (d)   other             700,000
                          Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(6)   Operating Costs:                          100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                60% of local
                                                expenditures
Page  10
      (a)   under Part A    1,000,000
            of the
            Project
      (b)   other             280,000
(7)   Eligible goods       59,100,000           100% of foreign
      imported during                           expenditures
      the execution of
      the Program
(8)   Refunding of            890,000           Amount due pur-
      Project Prepara-                          suant to Section
      tion Advance                              2.02 (f) of this
                                                Agreement
(9)   Unallocated           1,190,000
                            _________
            TOTAL          69,500,000
                           ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "eligible goods" means the goods listed in the
Annex to this Schedule 1; and
      (d)   the term "operating costs" means incremental costs for
the operation of the Project for staff allowances, operation of
vehicles and maintenance of equipment and buildings.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made out of the proceeds of the Credit in
respect of:
      (a)   Categories (1) through (6) unless the Borrower has: (i)
made an initial deposit of U.Sh 65,000,000 into the Project accounts
pursuant to Section 3.01 (e) of this Agreement; and (ii) established
the Project Coordination Unit under Part E of the Project and has
appointed a Project Coordinator and a Financial Controller whose
qualifications and terms and conditions of employment are
satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   Categories (1) (a), (2) (a), (3) (a), (4) (a), (5) (a)
and (6) (a) unless the Borrower has: (i) caused APC to establish a
sub-committee on Agricultural Research and Extension; and (ii)
appointed an Implementation Unit Head and a Senior Agricultural
Service Advisor whose qualifications and terms and conditions of
employment are satisfactory to the Association;
      (c)   Categories (1) (b), (2) (b), (3) (b) and (5) (b) unless
the Borrower and Makerere University have entered into the MISR
Subsidiary Grant Agreement pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this
Agreement;
      (d)   Category (7) for expenditures in excess of an aggregate
amount equivalent to SDR 11,800,000 for petroleum products; and
      (e)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 11,800,000 may be made in respect of
Category (7) on account of payments made for such expenditures
before that date but after a date falling four months prior to the
date of this Agreement.
Page  11
4.    Withdrawals out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated to
Category (7) of paragraph 1 above for expenditures under contracts
for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
less than $100,000 may be permitted by the Association on the basis
of statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into to
pay amounts to the Borrower or others in respect of expenditures to
be financed out of Category (7) of paragraph 1 above after the
aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit
Account under said Category (7) of paragraph 1 above and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR
34,800,000, unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.04 of this Agreement
based on evidence satisfactory to the Association: (i) with the
progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of the
Program; (ii) that the actions described in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement have been taken; and (iii) that the macro-economic policy
framework of the Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the
Program.
6.    If, after the exchange of views referred to in paragraph 5
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved, actions taken, or the macro-economic
framework are not satisfactory, and within 90 days after such
notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved progress and taken
actions satis-factory to the Association, then the Association may,
by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit allocated to Category (7) of paragraph 1 above, or any part
thereof.
                              ANNEX
               List of Goods Eligible for Financing
                 under Category (7) of Schedule 1
1.    Agricultural chemicals (fertilizers)
      Agricultural tools and equipment, including raw materials
        therefor
      Agro-processing chemicals and preservatives
      Agro-processing inputs and materials
      Agro-processing (including sugar processing) machinery and
         equipment
      Animal feed raw materials and feed mixes
      Animals (live)
      Fishing gear and equipment
      Lorries, including spares
      Outboard engines, including spares
      Packing materials
      Pick-up vehicles, including spares
      Seeds (crop, pasture)
      Tractors, including spares and implements
      Veterinary drugs and acaricides
      Veterinary equipment
2.    Petroleum products
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) strengthen
agricultural research and extension services; (b) develop land
policy reform through land policy research; and (c) improve
management of the agricultural sector through development of
institutional and human resources.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Page  12
Part A:     Agricultural Research and Extension
      Implementation of high-priority adaptive research and
extension activities, including technology dissemination, civil
works, staff incentives, technical assistance, training, studies and
acquisition of vehicles and equipment.
Part B:     Strengthening of Agricultural Sector Planning
      Implementation of a sectoral planning strengthening program
including, rationalization of responsibilities among central and
sectoral planning agencies, introduction of improved planning
procedures and development of planning skills, through training and
technical assistance.
Part C:     Land Policy Research Program
      Implementation of a program to: (i) strengthen (A) MISR's
capacity for sustained research in land access and policy
development, and (B) AGSEC's role in research planning and
dissemination of research findings; and (ii) reinforce the link
between research and policy formulation and implementation through
rehabilitation of office and housing facilities, acquisition of
office equipment and vehicles, and training.
Part D:     Strengthening of Coffee Subsector Management
1.    Implementation of CMB's organizational and financial
restructuring programs through technical assistance, training and
improvement in communication facilities.
2.    Implementation of reforms for the coffee subsector.
Part E:     Project Coordination and Monitoring
      Establishment of a Project Coordination Unit including the
acquisition of transport and office equipment.
                           *     *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works for the Project
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for the procurement of
vehicles, equipment and supplies shall be grouped in bid packages
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A 1 hereof, goods manufactured in Uganda may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Local Competitive Bidding
Page  13
      (a)   Civil works under Part A of the Project up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $900,000 may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   Supplies and equipment estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $100,000 per contract up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $500,000 may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Shopping
      Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $25,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $500,000, may be procured on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, and each contract for
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Parts A, B, C,
D.2 and E of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such con-
sultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
Section III. Procurement of Goods other than for the Project,
             during the execution of the Program
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
Page  14
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international cir-
                  culation; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000 each shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers subject to the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from a list of at least two suppliers from at least two countries,
except where direct contracting is permitted under paragraph 3.5 of
the Guidelines.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Section, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2
above, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior to the
submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
Page  15
contract.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 above,
where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Account, the copies of such contract or the
documentation and the information to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to the provision of paragraphs 3 and 4 above shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence required under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 of this Agreement.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 3 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                Actions Referred to in Paragraph 5
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
For the purposes of the second tranche release
1.    The Borrower has:
      (a)   continued to take appropriate measures to ensure that
            positive interest rates, in real terms, are maintained
            on commercial bank loans, including loans for coffee
            crop finance;
      (b)   (i)   made satisfactory progress in the implementation
                  of the Coffee Subsector Budgeting and Monitoring
                  System in the coffee crop season beginning
                  October 1, 1990 consistent with an implementation
                  plan, satisfactory to the Association; and
           (ii)   adopted a coffee subsector budget, satisfactory
                  to the Association, for the coffee crop season
                  beginning October 1, 1991.
2.    The Borrower has completed the financial and institutional
restructuring of CMB including:
      (a)   the strengthening of institutional arrangements for
regulatory functions, consistent with the Borrower's coffee export
liberalization strategy;
      (b)   the financial restructuring of CMB, including evidence
confirming that payments made by the Borrower in support of CMB's
projected working capital for the coffee crop seasons beginning
October 1, 1990 and October 1, 1991 respectively, have been formally
contributed to CMB's equity capital, consistent with any recommen-
dations that may be made in the Balance Sheet Audit Report of CMB.
3.    (a)   The Borrower has (i) issued at least two coffee export
licenses to applicants in the private sector, other than coopera-
tives; (ii) adopted such measures as shall be necessary to
facilitate the attainment of a significant increase in the share of
coffee exports by the private sector, including ensuring profit
elements in the fixed margin for exporters which are adequate to
(A) induce the private sector to enter the coffee trade and (B) to
enable exporters to internally raise working capital; and (iii)
established an improved coffee-price grading system.
      (b)   The Borrower has adopted an action plan, satisfactory to
the Association, for implementing a revised coffee export taxation
system, to provide further incentives for maximizing the quality and
value of coffee exports.
4.    The Borrower has established a National Agricultural Research
Organization satisfactory to the Association to, inter alia, plan
and oversee the implementation of a national agricultural research
program.
                           SCHEDULE 5
Page  16
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case of
Special Account A, Category (7) set forth in the table in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; (ii) in the case of Special
Account B, Categories (1) (a), (2) (a), (3) (a), (4) (a), (5) (a)
and (6) (a) of said table; and (iii) in the case of Special Account
C, Categories (1) (b) and (c), (2) (b), (c) and (d), (3) (b) and
(c), (4) (b) and (c), (5) (b), (c) and (d) and (6) (b) of said
table;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of: (i) goods, works and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit; and (ii) eligible goods imported during the execution of
the Program,  to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit,
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount
equivalent to $15,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into Special Account A; (ii) an amount equivalent to
$450,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into
Special Account B; and (iii) an amount equivalent to $650,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into Special Account
C all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of a Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   for withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the appropriate Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify;
                  and
           (ii)   prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Page  17
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit
Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit into the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 6
                      Implementation Program
1.    APC, chaired by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of
Planning and Economic Development (MPED) and whose members include
the permanent secretaries of the Ministries of Agriculture, Animal
Industry and Fisheries, Environmental Protection, Cooperatives and
Marketing, Finance, Industry and Technology, and Commerce, the
Governor of BOU, the Chairman/Managing Director, Uganda Commercial
Bank, and the General Secretary, Uganda Cooperative Alliance Ltd.
shall be responsible for the overall coordination of the Project.
Page  18
2.    The Borrower shall establish a Project Coordination Unit,
(PCU) with terms of reference satisfactory to the Association
consisting of a Project Coordinator and a Financial Controller,
within the Agricultural Secretariat of BOU, serving as the
Secretariat of APC. PCU shall be responsible for the implementation
of the Project, including planning, procurement and financial
control and coordination of activities of all components of the
Project, and after formal review and approval by APC, shall submit
comprehensive quarterly Project progress reports to the Association,
on the basis of reports submitted by the agencies directly respon-
sible for the implementation of the various Project components. PCU
shall also prepare for and coordinate a mid-term review of activi-
ties under the Project to be jointly undertaken by the Borrower and
the Association by not later than June 30, 1992.
Part A of the Project
3.    The Borrower shall cause APC to establish a sub-committee on
agricultural research and extension (SCORE) which shall act as a
steering/review committee for the various sub-components (the Sub-
projects) of Part A of the Project, and shall approve work plans and
budgets of the Sub-Projects and monitor and evaluate progress and
impacts of the Sub-Projects.
      An implementation unit (IU) consisting of a unit head and an
agricultural services advisor shall, under the supervision of SCORE,
be responsible for the implementation of Part A of the Project. The
terms of reference of SCORE, the IU, the unit head and the agri-
cultural services advisor shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Part B of the Project
4.    The Agricultural Section of the Sectoral Planning Department
of MPED, with the assistance of consultants, shall be responsible
for the implementation of activities under Part B of the Project.
Part C of the Project
5.    The land reform committee (LRC) appointed by APC shall coor-
dinate activities under Part B of the Project, and shall approve
proposals for annual land policy research programs to be prepared by
an implementation unit (IU) to be established by the Borrower. The
terms of reference of the LRC and of IU shall be satisfactory to the
Association.
Part D of the Project
6.    CMB shall establish an implementation unit (IU) which shall,
with the assistance of consultants, be responsible for the imple-
mentation of Part D.1 of the Project. The terms of reference of the
IU shall be satisfactory to the Association. IU shall prepare
quarterly progress reports and submit them to PCU.
7.    APC, through the Ministry of Cooperatives and Marketing, shall
be responsible for the implementation of Part D.2 of the Project.
