Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2190-UG
                              Project Agreement
                   (Agricultural Sector Adjustment Credit)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                     and
                       COFFEE MARKETING BOARD LIMITED
                             Dated May 11, 1995
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2190-UG
                              PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 11, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and COFFEE MARKETING
BOARD LIMITED (CMBL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement
(Credit 2190-UG) dated December 19, 1990 as amended in an
exchange of letters dated July 20, 1994 and August 8, 1994
between the Republic of Uganda (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
sixty-nine million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 69,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary grant agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CMBL, part of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will
be made available to CMBL on the terms and conditions set forth
in said Subsidiary Grant Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS CMBL, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                                 Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. CMBL declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part D.1 of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Part D.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CMBL shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part D.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. CMBL shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Grant Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, CMBL shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the CMBL Subsidiary Grant Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CMBL shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the CMBL Subsidiary Grant
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   CMBL shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by CMBL of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the CMBL Subsidiary Grant Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE III
                      Management and Operations of CMBL
      Section 3.01. CMBL shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative and
financial practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. CMBL shall at all times operate and maintain
Page  3
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering
and financial practices.
      Section 3.03. CMBL shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CMBL shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   CMBL shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of
                   income and expenses and related statements) for
                   each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year: (A)
                   certified copies of its financial statements
                   for such year as so audited; and (B) the report
                   of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                   and in such detail as the Association shall
                   have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                                  ARTICLE V
                        Effective Date; Termination;
                         Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall not become effective
until (a) the CMBL Subsidiary Grant Agreement shall have been
duly executed by the Borrower and CMBL and (b) evidence
satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished to
the Association that the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the CMBL Subsidiary Grant Agreement on behalf of
CMBL have been duly authorized or ratified by CMBL's Board.
      Section 5.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to Section 5.01 of this Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions
satisfactory to the Association of counsel acceptable to the
Association showing, on behalf of CMBL, that this Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered
on behalf of, CMBL and is legally binding upon CMBL in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to
CMBL notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 5.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 5.04. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of CMBL thereunder shall terminate on the
Page  4
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                   its terms; or
           (ii)    the date ten years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify CMBL of this event.
      Section 5.05. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                          Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                   Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For Coffee Marketing Board Limited:
            Coffee Marketing Board Limited
            P.O. Box 7154
            Kampala, Uganda
                                           Telex:
                                             61157
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of CMBL, may be taken or
executed by the Managing Director or such other person or
persons as the Managing Director shall designate in writing,
and CMBL shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence
of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Page  5
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
                   COFFEE MARKETING BOARD LIMITED
                   By /s/ Dr. John Dddumba-Ssentamu
                          Chairman
                   By /s/ Samuel Kiggundu
                          Board Secretary
                                                  Authorized Representative
