         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development       86770
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                        EDS99-28
                                                                 February 17, 1999


Board Meeting of Thursday, February 18, 1999
Statement by Khalid H. Alyahya
        India: Country Assistance Strategy-Progress Report and
          Andhra Pradesh Power Sector Restructuring Project
     We welcome this opportunity to discuss a CAS Progress Report for
one of our largest client countries. My remarks will be selective as
we commented extensively on the full CAS a year ago, and many of the
points made remain valid.

     Let me start by agreeing with the report’s opening words that,
from a global perspective, India’s 5% growth is impressive, at a time
when many clients are facing stagnation or negative growth.     Apart
from the sheer size of the Indian domestic economy, some measure of
protection against the adverse effects seen elsewhere was afforded by
the presence of capital controls, very low short-term external debt
and portfolio investment, as well as by a steady if mixed record of
economic reform.   Nonetheless, the projected slowdown in exports, in
part as a result of increased Asian competition, is worrisome.

     Also worrisome, when considered in the context of the objectives
presented in the CAS just over a year ago, is the rather mixed
performance that has been turned in, with progress in some areas being
matched by less-than-successful out-turns in others, notably in
structural policy reform. The assessment made in paragraph 40 of the
Progress Report seems an appropriately balanced one.    Of course, the
large public sector deficit continues to be the most significant area
of weakness, one that this Chair has frequently commented on over the
years.

     Looking at the proposed lending program for India strictly from a
country economic performance aspect, the experience over the last year
does seem to support the judgement of staff (paragraph 41) that the
country is still in the base case scenario but heading in the low case
direction.   In this respect the precise out-turn of the expectations
set out in paragraph 44 about lending outcomes will indeed rest on
performance factors, including progress or lack of it in fiscal and
policy reforms, and strong poverty reduction efforts, including those
in the areas of education and health.       The discussion on poverty
reduction efforts contained in paragraphs 25-30 indicates the
magnitude of the challenges, especially in India, a low income country
with the world’s largest number of poor people, and with many more
likely to fall into poverty if growth were to falter.
                                   2




     I turn now to some comments on the Andhra Pradesh Power Sector
Restructuring Project. As with the Haryana project which accompanied
last year’s CAS, and which we welcomed at the time, we find this an
interesting application of the adaptable program loan (APL) concept.
The amounts involved are large --$4.6 billion over a decade for the
sector investment program being supported, of which a billion dollars
from the IBRD alone in a series of up to five APLs. The loan before
us for $210 million, is but the first in this series.

     The program of reform is equally ambitious, with the goal of a
turnaround in the present dismal performance of the state utilities
through an injection of private sector practices. This is to be done
through   creditworthy  and   commercially-operated  power utilities,
starting on the distribution side. Of course the significant increase
in private ownership and participation requires parallel improvements
in effective and independent regulation of the sector.

     The demand for commercial energy generally is growing in India,
and it is essential for it to be met if development objectives are to
be achieved.   We do not see other than minimal roles for renewable
energy sources, whether economically justified or not. This APL
therefore seems to be in principle an effective allocation of IBRD
resources, by helping modernize through transmission and distribution
equipment procured through international and national competitive
bidding.

     The table on page 4 of the Project Appraisal Document indicates
the ambitious nature of the targets. Private sector participation in
distribution is to go from zero to a hundred percent over the ten-year
horizon, and in generation from 6 percent to 35 percent.     Return on
equity is to turn-around from a negative 64 percent to a positive 16
percent. Per capita energy consumption is to double. Subsidies as a
percent of revenue are to drop from 35 percent to zero.        And the
contribution of the power sector to the state budget is to turn around
from negative $400 million to positive $200 million.

     We tend to agree with staff that, given its complexity, the
project will need intensive supervision, and of course one hopes that
performance on the policy front will be sufficient to justify
subsequent APLs.

     This brings me to one question.     We noted from page 18 of the
Project Appraisal Document that, should the proposed commercial
approach not succeed in raising the required amounts, and further
divert budgetary resources to the power sector and away from
developmental projects in this very poor state, “the Bank may in the
future consider quick-disbursing assistance.”    I would like staff to
elaborate on this prospect, as it seems to me the holding out of such
promises for a separate operation parallel to the series of APLs,
might undermine the will to take very difficult policy decisions.

     Finally, I wish the Indian authorities well with their overall
efforts at reform and in meeting the immense developmental challenges
that have to be overcome as this large economy enters the new
millennium.
3
