         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development       86769
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                         EDS99-26
                                                                  February 17, 1999


Board Meeting of February 18, 1999
Statement by Matthias Meyer


India: Country Assistance Strategy – Progress Report and Andhra
Pradesh Power Sector Restructuring Project

This Chair is in favor of the policy outlined in the CAS of increasing
the assistance provided at State level to those States who have
developed strong ownership and are most willing to carry through
reforms. This policy should help to overcome the identified obstacles
in the reform implementation process. By triggering a healthy
competition among States for the access to World Bank resources, this
policy might speed up structural adjustment at the State level where
it is most necessary. We are also convinced that the potential
demonstration effect among Indian States can be a powerful tool to
reach the objectives and will eventually enable the Bank to put its
“eggs” in more than one “basket”.

States such as Andhra Pradesh have already implemented significant
reforms. On these grounds, we support the proposed restructuring
project of this State’s power sector. This will increase the
accountability and thereby help to improve the Governance situation
where - as the CAS rightly states - much still needs to be done in
India.

We agree with the decision of the Bank to put Uttar Pradesh high on
its agenda in view of the large population of this State and the
extent of massive poverty. It is also a courageous decision: UP is
plagued with political instability and has not, so far, progressed
very far on the path of reforms. It will be a challenge for the WB to
support the reform process without endangering ownership. But the
potential benefits are worth taking the risks.

It is commendable that the WB has an agenda on poverty reduction.
However, we would have liked the CAS to elaborate more on the
effectiveness of this agenda, especially concerning the outreach to
the whole population, and a medium term perspective on subsidies. The
overall approach is still very much government driven and top down,
although it is mentioned that the private sector is partly involved
even in such areas as education and health. As long at there are not
more radical reforms, especially in reducing the bureaucracy, the
resources will not be used effectively. They may even allow for an
                                   2


increase in the size of the bureaucracy. This is the case particularly
in rural development, where it is important to define better the role
of the public and the private sectors and to make sure it is not a
subsidy-driven approach.
Para 25 mentions some of the issues related to poverty reduction. But
it is not enough to repeat the issue of "access" to services by the
poor, one needs to design delivery systems which actually reach them.
It would certainly be worthwhile to conduct some evaluations about the
effectiveness of the WB’s poverty erradication approach in India.
With regard to Governance, para 24 says a lot between the lines: much
still needs to be done for the situation to be acceptable. It would be
highly desirable for the WB to strengthen the supervision through
external monitoring. Reforms in the power sector, as proposed today
for one State, are an important measure to increase accountability. It
would be worth studying further the involvement of private
distributors. Very positive experiences have been made, for instance,
in the telecommunications sector. The telephone system has
successfully linked private distributors (STD/ISD booths) all over the
country with government-owned supply channels. The result has been
stunning: better services for the user (one can phone from almost
every village in India to anywhere in the world), good income for the
owner of the telephone booth and excellent revenues for the telephone
company. Such examples should be replicated in the power distribution
and other sectors.
