         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development       86771
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                        EDS99-29
                                                                 February 18, 1999


Board Meeting of February 18, 1999
Statement by Andrei Bugrov

         INDIA: Country Assistance Strategy - Progress Report
                                 and
          Andhra Pradesh Power Sector Restructuring Project

     I welcome the opportunity to review progress on the World Bank
Group’s assistance strategy for India. The report before us provides a
comprehensive update on political, economic, and policy developments.
It frankly discusses the issues of CAS implementation and introduces
the necessary adjustments in the strategy. We appreciate Management
and Staff efforts in preparing this document and endorse its major
conclusions.

     India’s nuclear tests in May 1998 and the subsequent postponement
of several IBRD, IDA and IFC operations complicated considerably the
implementation of the assistance strategy. Although FY98 CAS for India
is still valid and relevant, it will not remain such without lifting
the restrictions on its vital components which do not meet the so-
called Basic Human Needs criterion. We believe that it is critically
important to preserve the totality of the Bank’s assistance program
which involves an appropriate combination of different projects and
their timing and sequencing. Therefore we would support the release of
the postponed projects for Board consideration as soon as possible.
     The report argues that India should be regarded as having moved
to the border between the base case and low case, still remaining in
the former but heading toward the latter. In general I concur with
this judgment. It is based on a careful analysis of the borrower’s
recent mixed performance with regard to the three general triggers of
the CAS which relate to the fiscal balance, current account deficit,
and structural policy reform. Therefore on balance the proposed
lending program for FY99 seems to be appropriate.
     At the same time we hope that the return of the Bank to normal
business with India will be coupled with the Government’s renewed
reform efforts and significant improvements in its fiscal and policy
performance. This, in turn, would allow the World Bank Group to render
a full-fledged support to India facing a broad range of economic,
social, institutional, and human development challenges.

     Let me now turn to the central theme of the current CAS, namely
its focus on reforming states. I agree that in a country like India,
                                  2


the success in one region can have a powerful demonstration effect
elsewhere. We are pleased to note that the impressive reforms in
Andhra Pradesh, supported with a large IBRD/IDA financing, have
already generated such effect in Orissa, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh.
An intensive dialogue on policy-based lending has been induced between
the Bank and these states. Similar collaboration is developing between
the Asian Development Bank and Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh.
     I strongly believe that a necessary condition for successful
program to support state-level reforms is an agreement with and
participation of the central government. The paper touches upon these
issues only in an indirect way. I would appreciate some specific
comments by the Staff on the central government’s attitude to and
involvement in the actual process of building close partnerships
between the Bank and reforming states.

     In closing, let me say that we appreciate the important progress
made by the State Government of Andhra Pradesh on its power sector
reform program and support the Power Sector Restructuring Project
which is presented today together with the CAS Progress Report.
