Report No. PID10814
Project Name             Albania-Financial Sector (@)
Adjustment Credit
Region                   Europe and Central Asia
Sector                   Financial Sector
Project ID               ALPE57818
Borrower                 Ministry of Finance
Implementing Agency      Ministry of Finance
Address: Bul. Deshmoret e Kombit
Tirana,
Tel.: 355 42 27 941
Fax: 355 42 27 941
Environment Category     C
Date PID updated         January 23, 2002
Projected Appraisal
Date                     February 2002
Projected Board Date     April 2002
Country and Sector Background
1.      Although the democratic and
economic transformation in Albania
began later than in other Central and
Eastern European countries, the
implementation of the initial phase of
reforms was rapid and impressive and
GDP grew at about 9 percent per annum
from 1993 to 1996. Reforms in the
public administration and financial
sectors, however, advanced at a much
slower pace. By early 1996, it was
clear that many problems had not been
resolved, and others were emerging.
Structural reforms had stalled,
especially in the critical area of
banking, evident in the lack of
progress in resolution of the problems
in the state-owned banks, and in
further development and enforcement of
banking regulation and supervision.
2.      Despite some initial efforts at
reforms, the institutional and
financial infrastructure was unable to
adequately support sound credit
practices and the effective functioning
of the market. The legal system
remained underdeveloped and could not



effectively enforce contracts.
Comprehensive and well-defined
accounting principles based on
International Accounting Standards
(IAS) were not introduced and, hence,
accurate and transparent information on
the financial performance of banks and
enterprises was not available. Although
a paper-based payments system was in
place, it was functioning very
inefficiently.
3.      Due to the weakness of the
regulatory and institutional framework,
there was insufficient information on
which to base credit and investment
decisions. Effective systems for
internal risk management and control,
with strict accountability to owners,
directors and senior management, were
not fully developed and enforced.
Financial institutions were not
adequately supervised and even the most
basic regulations such as those
ensuring adequacy of risk capital were
not enforced. At the same time, the
supervisory and regulatory authorities
did not have adequate skills, resources
and independence from political
interference to perform their
functions.
4.      The inadequacy of the financial
system, especially its regulatory and
supervisory framework, led to the
proliferation of informal financial
arrangements including pyramid schemes,
the collapse of which triggered the
civil crisis of 1997. Civil unrest
broke out in February 1997, and spread
quickly across Albania, causing the
fall of the government and
precipitating new elections. The
economic fallout from the crisis was
severe, with GDP contracting by 7
percent and inflation increasing to
over 40 percent in 1997. The
Government, which took office after the
elections of July 1997, quickly re-
established macroeconomic control and,
in late 1997, started the
implementation of a broad-based program
of reforms in the public administration
and financial sectors, including
-2-



institution-building, civil sector
reform, and divestiture/privatization
of state-owned banks. Successive
governments have maintained this
commitment to macroeconomic stability
and structural reforms, with support
from the international donor community
led by IDA and the IMF.
5.      In mid-2001, Albania held
parliamentary elections, monitored by
international observers. These
elections were won by the Socialist
Party resulting in the reappointment of
the Prime Minister, but late in 2001,
internal disagreement within the ruling
Socialist Party led to the resignation
of four key ministers including those
of finance and privatization. Efforts
are currently underway to reach a
compromise on the composition of the
Government.
6.              Economic performance has been
strong in the aftermath of the 1997
crisis, with growth averaging about 7
percent a year and with inflation at
low levels. This includes 1999, when
the influx of Kosovo refugees put a
heavy strain on Albania's economic and
administrative capacity. The
Government and the Bank of Albania
(BoA) have been successfully
implementing the program of
macroeconomic and structural reforms.
The domestically financed fiscal
deficit improved significantly during
1998-2000, as expenditures were
contained and revenue collection was
improved. The current account deficit
also improved and foreign exchange
reserves were maintained at about four
months of imports. By the end of the
1990s, Albania had roughly regained its
end-1980s' GDP level. The private
sector accounted for over 85 percent of
GDP and over 80 percent of employment.
Agriculture had become the dominant
sector, accounting for over 50 percent
of GDP, followed by services and
construction.
7.              Albania's strong
macroeconomic performance has continued
in 2001. The current account balance
-3-



is estimated to stay around 7.5 percent
of GDP. The overall fiscal deficit is
estimated to further decline to about 9
percent of GDP and domestic bank
financing of the fiscal deficit is
expected to be contained at about 3.5
percent of GDP.    Inflation is
estimated at about 3 percent and output
growth is estimated at 7.3 percent for
the year as a whole.
8.      The reform program of the
Government has been formulated as part
of its Growth and Poverty Reduction
Strategy (GPRS). The far-reaching
goals of the strategy are transition to
a market economy, long-term
sustainability, and European
integration. As part of the transition
towards a market economy, the most
important objectives include: (i)
completion of the privatization process
of industrial enterprises, public
services, and financial institutions;
(ii) consolidation of reforms in the
banking system and establishment of a
capital market; (iii) deepening of
market institutionalization, including
property rights consolidation,
promotion of competition, and consumer
protection; and (iv) deepening reform
and modernization of state institutions
according to the standards of a
democratic society and a market-
oriented economy. With regard to the
financial sector, the GPRS reflects a
continuation of the strategy which the
government adopted and has been
implementing since late 1997, with
support from IDA and the international
donor community.
9.      A major component of the
Government's program and its first
priority in the financial sector, has
been the revival of banking sector
reform, with a view to the divestiture
of the State from the banking and
insurance sectors and the establishment
of sound governance structures in the
financial institutions. The Government
and the Bank of Albania have achieved
encouraging results in restructuring
the financial sector, although much
more needs to be done and the original
- 4-



timetable was overoptimistic. The
divesture of the State from the
financial sector will be completed
shortly: RCB was liquidated in December
1997; privatization of NCB was
concluded in October 2000; the SvB has
been already offered for privatization
while INSIG is in the pre-privatization
phase. Competition in the banking and
insurance market has been increasing.
The legal, regulatory and supervisory
framework for the banking sector
generally reflects international
standards. A review of the regulatory
and supervisory framework for the
insurance sector is well underway.
Objectives
10.     The objective of the proposed
credit is to support the Government of
Albania's program to consolidate and
take reforms in the financial sector
beyond achievements to date to foster
better engagement of the financial
sector in the development of the
Albanian economy. The proposed program
will consist of three broad components:
(i) continued reform of the banking
sector including the privatization of
the Savings Bank and further
strengthening of the banking regulation
and supervision, (ii) enhancement of
the bankruptcy and debt resolution
framework, and (iii) reform of the non-
bank financial sector, including
further development of the regulatory
and supervisory framework for the
insurance sector and the privatization
of the Insurance Institute of Albania
(INSIG).
The Proposed Credit
11.     The credit amount is proposed to
be SDR _ million (US$15 million
equivalent) and to be released in two
tranches subject to the Government's
achievement of specific benchmarks
necessary for the successful
implementation of the program. These
benchmarks would relate to the
privatization of the Savings Bank and
the INSIG; strengthening of the
regulatory framework for banks and the
-5-



insurance sector; strengthening the
bankruptcy, secured transactions and
debt workout frameworks; and further
improvement in the financial sector
infrastructure.
Implementation
12.     The Ministry of Finance and the
Bank of Albania will be responsible for
the supervision and implementation of
the program. The Bank will monitor the
implementation of the program through
periodic reviews.
13.     The proposed FSAC will be
implemented in accordance with standard
IDA procedures for adjustment credits.
The financial sector program will be
implemented by the MoF and the BoA. In
accordance with the Operational
Directive on the Simplification of
Disbursement Rules under Structural
Adjustment and Adjustment Credits,
disbursement will not be linked to
specific purchases. Therefore, there
will be no procurement requirements.
Poverty Category
14.     Not Applicable
Environmental Aspects
15.     In accordance with the Bank's
Operational Directive on Environmental
Assessment (OD 4.01), it is proposed
that the operation be placed in
category "C" not requiring an
environmental assessment.
Contact Point
Hormoz Aghdaey, ECSPF
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C., 20433
Telephone No.: (202) 473 2688
Fax No.: (202) 522 0005
For information on other project
related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street
Washington, D.C., 20433
Telephone: (202) 458 5454
-6-



Fax: (202) 522 1500
Web: http/www.worldbank.org/infoshop
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
February 22, 2002.
- 7 -



