Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
       NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2273-ZA
              Development Grant Agreement
               (Social Recovery Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
           as Administrator on behalf of the
          GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                 Dated October 8, 1991
       NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2273 ZA
              DEVELOPMENT GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated October 8, 1991, between REPUBLIC
OF ZAMBIA (the Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION, acting as Administrator (the Administrator)
of a Grant provided by the Norwegian Agency for
Development Cooperation representing the Kingdom of
Norway (Norway).
     WHEREAS, the Recipient has requested the assistance
of the International Development Association (the
Association) and of Norway in the financing of a
Social Recovery Project (the Project) described in the
Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement dated July
24, 1991, between the Recipient and the Association (IDA
Credit Agreement).
     WHEREAS in consideration of the above-mentioned
request, Norway shall, subject to Parliamentary
appropriations, open a trust account and deposit therein
an amount not exceeding fifteen million Norwegian Kroner
Page  2
(NOK 15,000,000) (the Norwegian Grant) and has, pursuant
to an agreement dated July 1, 1991, between Norway and
the Association, (the Administration Agreement),
appointed the Association as Administrator of the said
Trust Account for the purpose of providing assistance to
the Recipient;
     WHEREAS, the Recipient acknowledges that the
financial assistance extended to the Recipient under this
Agreement shall be considered as part of the bilateral
development aid extended by Norway to the Recipient; and
     WHEREAS, the Association, as Administrator as
hereinbefore mentioned has agreed on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing to extend the Norwegian Grant to
the Recipient upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The parties to this Agreement accept
all the provisions of the "General Conditions Applicable
to Development Credit Agreements" of the Association,
dated January 1, 1985, with the same force and effect as
if they were fully set forth herein, subject, however, to
the following modifications thereof:
     (a)  the term "Association", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Norwegian
Grant pursuant to the provisions of the Administration
Agreement;
     (b)  the term "Development Credit Agreement",
whenever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (c)  the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Norwegian Grant hereunder;
     (d)  the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions or in this Agreement means the Account
opened by the Association in its books in the name of the
Recipient to which the amount of the Norwegian Grant is
credited;
     (e)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a) and 12.05 of the
General Conditions are deleted;
     (f)  in Sections 6.02 and 7.01 of the General
Conditions, the term "Association" shall include also the
Association acting in its own capacity; and
     (g)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
               "(c) Not later than six months after the
          Closing Date or such later date as may be
          agreed for this purpose between the Recipient
          and the Administrator, the Recipient shall
          prepare and furnish to the Administrator a
          report, of such scope and in such detail as
          the Administrator shall reasonably request, on
          the execution of the Project, the performance
          by the Recipient and the Administrator of
          their respective obligations under the
          Norwegian Grant Agreement and the
Page  3
          accomplishment of the purposes of the
          Norwegian Grant.".
     Section 1.02. Whenever used in this Agreement the
following terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency
of Norway; and
     (b)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Recipient, on the terms and conditions herein set
forth or referred to, a grant in an amount of fifteen
million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 15,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Norwegian Grant
may be withdrawn from the Norwegian Grant Account for
expenditures made (or if the Administrator shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services required for the Analysis and
Monitoring Component of the Project.
     (b)  Withdrawals from the Norwegian Grant Account
shall be made in the respective currencies in which the
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Norwegian Grant have been paid or are payable or, at the
option of the Association, in Norwegian Kroner.
     (c)  The Recipient shall, for purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in Kroner a special deposit
account in Den Norske Bank, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Administrator, including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Norwegian Grant shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the IDA
Credit Agreement.
     Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be July 31,
1997, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Recipient of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, Articles III and IV of the IDA Credit
Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement
with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth herein, it being understood that all references in
such Articles III and IV to the "Association" shall be
deemed to be references to the Association, as
Administrator on behalf of the Government of the Kingdom
of Norway under this Agreement, all references to the
"Development Credit Agreement" shall be deemed to be
references to this Development Grant Agreement and all
references to the "Credit" shall be deemed to be
references to the Norwegian Grant.
Page  4
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination;
                    Representation
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon signature.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Recipient and the Administrator hereunder shall
terminate on the date on which the IDA Credit Agreement
or the Grant Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
its terms, whichever is the first.
     Section 4.03. The representative designated in
Section 6.01 of the IDA Credit Agreement shall be the
representative of the Recipient for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.04. The addresses specified in Section
6.02 of the IDA Credit Agreement shall be the addresses
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.05. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the IDA Credit
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 5.01. In accordance with the Administration
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
Norway. The Recipient accepts and agrees that, upon
notice by the Administrator to the Recipient to that
effect, Norway shall, ipso facto, from the date specified
in such notice, be substituted in all rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement as
if Norway had been an original party to this Agreement,
without any further action or formality required on the
part of any party, and from such date the Administrator
shall cease to have any rights or obligations as a party
under this Agreement.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                    REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                    By /s/ James Mtonga
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION,
                      as ADMINISTRATOR on behalf of the
                    GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
Page  5
                    By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                       SCHEDULE
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required during the execution of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to NOK 5,000,000 to be withdrawn from
the Norwegian Grant Account and deposited into the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Administrator has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Recipient shall furnish to the Administrator a
request or requests for a deposit or deposits which do
not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized
Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Administrator shall, on behalf of the Recipient, withdraw
from the Norwegian Grant Account and deposit into the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Recipient
shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Recipient shall furnish to the
               Administrator requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Administrator shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Recipient shall furnish to
               the Administrator the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which replen-
               ishment is requested. On the basis of
               each such request, the Administrator
               shall, on behalf of the Recipient,
               withdraw from the Norwegian Grant Account
               and deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Recipient shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been paid out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Administrator
from the Norwegian Grant Account in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Recipient out of the
Page  6
Special Account, the Recipient shall, at such time as the
Administrator shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Administrator such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Administrator shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Administrator shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Recipient directly from the Norwegian Grant Account
in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the
Norwegian Grant, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Administrator
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall
equal the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Norwegian Grant Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Norwegian
Grant shall follow such procedures as the Administrator
shall specify by notice to the Recipient. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Administrator shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Administrator shall have determined at
any time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i)
was made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Administrator,
the Recipient shall, promptly upon notice from the
Administrator (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Administrator may request, or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Administrator shall so
request, refund to the Administrator) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Administrator
into the Special Account shall be made until the
Recipient has provided such evidence or made such deposit
or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Administrator shall have determined at
any time that any amount outstanding in the Special
Account will not be required to cover further payments
for eligible expenditures, the Recipient shall, promptly
upon notice from the Administrator, refund to the
Administrator such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Recipient may, upon notice to the
Administrator, refund to the Administrator all or any
portion of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Administrator made pursuant to
para-graphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Norwegian Grant Account for subsequent
withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  7
