Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2311 MAU
                  (Health and Population Project)
                              between
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated March 2, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2311 MAU
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 2, 1992, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
MAURITANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from United Nations
Children's Fund (UNICEF) a grant (the UNICEF Grant) in an amount of
two million four hundred thousand dollars ($2,400,000) to assist in
financing part of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Program of Cooperation (1993-97) to be entered into between
the Borrower and UNICEF;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from United Nations
Fund for Population (UNFPA) a grant (the UNFPA Grant) in an amount
of three million dollars ($3,000,000) to assist in financing part of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the project
agreements to be entered into in accordance with the Program of
Page  2
Assistance of UNFPA to the Borrower for the period 1992-1996 (the
UNFPA Project Agreements);
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from Bundesministerium
fcr Wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit (BMZ) a grant (the BMZ Grant) in
an amount equivalent to two million three hundred thousand dollars
($2,300,000) to assist in financing part of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the BMZ Grant Agreement)
to be entered into between the Borrower and BMZ;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Ouguiya" or "UM" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (c)   "PCU" means the Project Coordinating Unit established by
the Borrower on July 29, 1991 as a continuation of its Project
Preparation Unit;
      (d)   "SEPF" means Secretariat Executif 
 la Promotion
Feminine;
      (e)   "MOHSA" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health and
Social Affairs;
      (f)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to a first exchange of letters, dated April 17, 1989 and
May 8, 1989, and a second exchange of letters, dated January 16,
1991 and January 22, 1991, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (g)   "DHR" means Directorate of Human Resources in the
Ministry of Planning; and
      (h)   "Drugs Account" means the account for the purchase of
drugs, referred to in Section 3.04 (c) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eleven million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 11,800,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Page  3
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in convertible Ouguiya (UM) a special deposit
account in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be August 30, 1998 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
April 1, 2002 and ending October 1, 2031. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on October 1, 2011 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
Page  4
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through
MOHSA, DHR and SEPF with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and engineer-
ing practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   implement the measures of recruitment, redeployment and
training of the personnel of the MOHSA for the satisfaction of the
needs of the health system of the country for the period 1992-96, as
shall be agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   by February 28, 1995, submit to the Association, for
comments the conclusions of the study on the evaluation of the cost
recovery experience, and discuss the said conclusions with the
Association within two months thereafter;
      (c)   by December 31, 1994, adopt a national population policy
and an action plan for its implementation, satisfactory to the
Association;
      (d)   fill the position of Director of the PCU at all times
with a person whose qualifications and experience are satisfactory
to the Association; and
      (e)   by April 30 of each year, beginning in 1993, organize a
review meeting to be attended by staff of the PCU and representa-
tives of implementing units in order to review: (i) the draft annual
work program and budget for project activities to be undertaken
during the next fiscal year, (ii) the draft recurrent budget for
health for the next fiscal year, and (iii) a draft investment budget
for the health sector for the coming three years. The final versions
of the annual work program and budget for the project and the
recurrent and investment budgets for health shall be satisfactory to
the Association.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its obligations under Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall:
Page  5
      (a)   increase the percentage share of its budget, allocated
to MOHSA, to 5.5% in 1992 and by additional increments of 0.5% per
year to reach 7.5% in 1996;
      (b)   maintain a separate budgetary chapter for drug and
material budgets for health regions through the end of the Project,
and ensure that budgetary allocations for the 13 regions combined
total at least UM 60 million for drugs and UM 90 million for other
material costs, at 1991 prices, through the end of 1996;
      (c)   by March 31 of each year, beginning in 1992, transfer to
the Drugs Account, 50% of the annual budgetary allocation for drugs
and by July 31 and September 30 of each year, transfer 25%,
respectively, of the same annual allocation, and have the Drugs
Account audited semiannually; and
      (d)   ensure that, for every purchase made out of funds from
the Drugs Account, the procurement procedures agreed upon with the
Association for the purchase of essential drugs, shall be used.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall, not
later than April 30, 1995, undertake a mid-term review of the
Project, during which they shall exchange views on matters relating
to the progress of the Project and the performance by the Borrower
of its obligations under this Agreement.
      (b)   Not later than one month prior to such review, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its comments, a
report on the progress and status of the Project, and in such detail
as the Association shall reasonably request.
      (c)   Following the review, the Borrower undertakes to act
promptly and diligently, in order to take any corrective action
deemed necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted in the implementa-
tion of the Project, or to implement such other measures as may have
been agreed upon between the parties in furtherance of the objec-
tives of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
Page  6
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts shall be
                  audited on a semiannual basis by said auditors,
                  who shall prepare audit reports accordingly and
                  furnish them to the Association, not later than
                  three (3) months after the end of such semiannual
                  audit period, along with a separate opinion by
                  said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such period,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Subject to paragraph (b) of this Section:
            (i)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                  proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                  Borrower for the financing of the Project shall
                  have been suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                  whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of the
                  agreement providing therefore, or
           (ii)   any such loan shall have become due and payable
                  prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
      (b)   Paragraph (a) of this Section shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that:
(A) such suspension, cancellation, termination or prematuring is not
caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform any of its
obligations under such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
Project are available to the Borrower from other sources on terms
and conditions consistent with the obligations of the Borrower under
this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
the event specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) of
that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions:
Page  7
      (a)   a ministerial instruction satisfactory to the Associa-
tion, defining the structure and norms of the regional health
system, the decree for the implementation of the communication
concerning the primary health care and the cost recovery, adopted by
the Council of Ministers on February 12, 1991, as well as its two
instructions of implementation, have been adopted;
      (b)   a separate budgetary chapter for operational and drug
budgets for health regions, has been created in MOHSA's 1992 budget,
and the Borrower has ensured that budgetary allocations for the 13
regions combined total at least UM 60 million, at 1991 prices, for
drugs and UM 90 million, at 1991 prices, for other operating costs;
      (c)   an account, called "Drugs Account", for the purchase of
essential drugs and medical supplies, has been opened by the
Borrower under conditions satisfactory to the Association, pursuant
to Section 3.04 of this Agreement;
      (d)   a new organizational structure of MOHSA satisfactory to
the Association, has been adopted;
      (e)   the document "Principal Elements of a National Popula-
tion Policy" has been completed and transmitted to the Association
for comments;
      (f)   an accounting system for the PCU, adapted to meet the
specific requirements of the Project, has been established, and an
independent auditor, acceptable to the Association for the auditing
of the project accounts, has been selected; and
      (g)   a procurement specialist, having qualifications and
experience acceptable to the Association, has been recruited to be
responsible for procurement activities within the PCU.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower at the time
responsible for Planning is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministcre du Plan
            B.P. 238
            Nouakchott
            Mauritania
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MEF                       540 MTN
                  Nouakchott
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
Page  8
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                  By /s/ Amadou Mamadou Diaw
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil works               2,900,000        100%
(2)  Vehicles, equip-          3,300,000        100%
     ment and materials,
     furniture and drugs/
     contraceptives
(3)  Specialist services,      2,900,000        100%
     training/research
(4)  Operating costs           1,000,000        70%
(5)  Refunding of Project        600,000        Amount due pur-
     Preparation Advance                        suant to Section
                                                2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(6)  Unallocated               1,100,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                11,800,000
                             ===========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "Operating Costs"
means the incremental costs arising under the Project on account of
local staff allowances, maintenance of vehicles, fuel and equipment,
and office rent, supplies and services.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
Page  9
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to: (i) develop the Bor-
rower's regional health service system; (ii) strengthen capacity at
the central level to support regional health services; (iii) define
a national population policy and action program; and (iv) promote
the status of women.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:  Health
1.   Developing the regional health service system, including:
     (a)  development of training programs for regional health
personnel;
     (b)  development of a maintenance system for vehicles,
equipment and infrastructure;
     (c)  strengthening of financial management at the regional
level;
     (d)  assistance for health services in the regions of Brakna,
Hodh el Gharbi and Nouakchott.
2.   Strengthening MOHSA's capacity to support regional level
activities and to plan and manage system-wide resource use includ-
ing:
     (a)     strengthening technical capacity in three programs of
special emphasis: family planning, health education, and nutrition;
and
     (b)  improvement of management systems for personnel and
financial resources and of the health information system.
Part B:   Population
1.   Formulation of a national population policy, and development of
an action plan for its implementation.
2.   Carrying out a program to increase opportunities for women's
participation in its economic and social development programs,
including:
     (a)  strengthening the planning, monitoring and mobilization
capacities of the SEPF, including the development of a national
Women in Development strategy and action plan; and
     (b)  extending successful ongoing action programs geared
towards increasing women's functional literacy and improving women's
income earning capacity by strengthening women's pre-cooperatives.
                           *     *    *
     The Project is expected to be completed by February 28, 1998.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
Page  10
1.   Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works, and for
the purchase of vehicles, equipment and materials, and drugs and
contraceptives under Categories (1) and (2) set forth in the table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, shall be grouped in
bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more
each.
3.   The procedures governing the purchase of essential drugs and
medical supplies, and agreed upon pursuant to Section 3.04 (d) of
this Agreement, apply equally, to the extent applicable, to
contracts for the purchase of essential drugs under Category (2) of
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mauritania may
be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:  Other Procurement Procedures
1.   (a)  Contracts for: (i) goods (other than drugs) estimated to
cost less than US$200,000 equivalent each, provided that the
aggregate of such procurement does not exceed $1.1 million, and (ii)
small size civil works for rehabilitation/improvement, provided that
the aggregate of such procurement does not exceed $0.8 million, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfac-
tory to the Association.
2.   Small contracts (including spare parts and office supplies)
which cannot be grouped into bid packages of at least $30,000
equivalent would be procured on the basis of price quotations from
at least three suppliers, provided that the aggregate of such
procurement does not exceed $0.3 million equivalent.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of prequalification:
     With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.3 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
     (a)    With respect to each contract for works and goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
Page  11
     (b)    With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)    The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, the Borrower shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and condi-
tions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) to
(4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
     (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $400,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
                for deposits into the Special Account at such
Page  12
                intervals as the Association shall specify.
         (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule,
the Association shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:
     (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
Page  13
     (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
     (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
