Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2308 TA
               (Financial Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                    UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated November 18, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2308 TA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 18, 1991, between UNITED REPUBLIC OF
TANZANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
October 17, 1991, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's financial sector (hereinafter called the Program),
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports and services required during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a non-reimbursable contri-
bution in an amount of ten million Swiss Francs (SwF 10,000,000)
(the Swiss Contribution) to assist in the financing of the Program
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the Swiss
Contribution Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
Switzerland;
      (C)   Switzerland intends to appoint the Association to
Page  2
administer the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the provisions
of the Procedural Arrangements, dated May 9, 1990, between
Switzerland and the Association (the Procedural Arrangements);
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (U.K.) a grant (the U.K.
Grant) equivalent to ten million pounds sterling (\1a 10,000,000) to
assist in financing the Program; and
      (E)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in two tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to De-
velopment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and
      furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in such
      detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on the
      execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to the
      Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower
      and the Association of their respective obligations under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BOT" means the Bank of Tanzania, the Borrower's central
bank;
      (b)   "NBC" means the National Bank of Commerce established
pursuant to the National Bank of Commerce (Establishment and Vesting
of Assets and Liabilities) Act, No. 1 of 1967;
      (c)   "CRDB" means the Cooperative and Rural Development Bank,
established pursuant to the Cooperative and Rural Development Bank
Act, No. 7 of 1971;
      (d)   "TIB" means the Tanzania Investment Bank, established
pursuant to the Tanzania Investment Bank Act, No. 20 of 1970;
      (e)   "LART" means the Loans and Advances Realisation Trust,
established pursuant to Act No. 3 of 1991;
      (f)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
Page  3
      (g)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (h)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the Project
Preparation Advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters, dated August 7, 1990, and
June 6, 1991, between the Borrower and the Association; and
      (i)   "Swiss Contribution Account" means the account
established by Switzerland for the purposes of the Swiss
Contribution.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
and fifty million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 150,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit and the Swiss
Contribution may be withdrawn from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account in accordance with the provisions of Sche-
dule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required during the execution of the
Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Swiss Contribution.
      (b)   Except as the Association and Switzerland shall
otherwise agree or to the extent the Swiss Contribution Agreement
may otherwise specify, the allocation and the procedures for
withdrawals of the Swiss Contribution shall be governed, mutatis
mutandis, by the provisions of the General Conditions.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain in dollars two special deposit accounts, one for
the Credit and the other for the Swiss Contribution, in its Central
Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association,
including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1994, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without re-
strictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
Page  4
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
May 1, 2002, and ending November 1, 2031. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on November 1, 2011, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) BOT is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts BOT with responsibility for the preparation
of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for the collection
of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the
Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
SDR 50,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Page  5
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit and the Swiss Contribution shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall carry out a program of
assistance and capacity building in the Ministry of Finance, BOT,
NBC, CRDB and TIB, which shall include, inter alia: (a) within BOT
strengthening of the research, economic policy and bank supervision
functions; (b) for NBC and CRDB, assistance to reconcile accounts
and classify portfolios, strengthening of their management
information systems, planning and budgeting capabilities, and
assistance in their restructuring; and (c) strengthening Program
implementation capacity. To that end, the Borrower shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and con-
ditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with the principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Swiss Contribution.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                   the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                   such scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records and accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or the Swiss
                   Contribution Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
Page  6
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audits referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out; and
      (b)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph
                   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of any grant made to the Borrower for
                   the financing of the Program shall have been
                   suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or
                   in part, pursuant to the terms of the agreement
                   providing therefor.
           (ii)    Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement, and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Program are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                            Termination
      Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. In the event that Switzerland or the Association
terminates the functions of the Association pursuant to para-
graph 9 of the Procedural Arrangements, the Association shall notify
the Borrower promptly of the date on which Switzerland shall assume
the rights and obligations of the Association under this Agreement
in respect of the Swiss Contribution.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister at the time responsible for Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
Page  7
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 9111
            Dar es Salaam
            Tanzania
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   TREASURY                  41329
                   Dar es Salaam
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                         By /s/ Charles Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
                    and the Swiss Contribution
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit and the Swiss Contribution may
be withdrawn from the Credit Account and the Swiss Contribution
Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
Page  8
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and
                                  semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors, and
                                  parts thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $5,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent
to SDR 30,000,000 for petroleum products and foodstuffs from the
Credit Account.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the pro-
curement of goods estimated to cost less than $400,000 may be
permitted by the Association upon the basis of statements of
expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or the
Swiss Contribution after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
or the Swiss Contribution as the case may be, withdrawn from the
Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account, as the case may
be, and the total amount of such commitments shall have reached the
equivalent of SDR 73,200,000, for the Credit and SwF 2,500,000 for
the Swiss Contribution, unless the Association shall be satis- fied,
after an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Association: (a)
with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of
the Program; (b) that the macro-economic framework of the Borrower
is consistent with the objectives of the Program; and (c) that the
Page  9
actions described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 4
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)    an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international
                   circulation; or
          (iii)    a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods
                   required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $1,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association, and for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $400,000 or more shall include obtaining quotations
from at least three suppliers eligible under the guidelines; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
Page  10
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines.
3.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities maybe procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account or the Swiss
Contribution Account as the case may be, in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Accounts, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
3 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the submission to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account or the Swiss
Contribution Account as the case may be, in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Accounts, the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the
provisions of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association
as part of the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 5 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account are to be made
on the basis of statements of expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (c)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    The Borrower has made budgetary allocations for interim
financing in the Supplemental Budget for 1991/1992 and any further
necessary allocations in the 1992/1993 budget.
2.    Bank examinations of and loan classifications for NBC, CRDB
and TIB have been completed and amounts needed for recapitalization
included in the 1992/1993 budget.
3.    BOT has issued "Capital Adequacy" and "Loan Limit to a Single
Borrower" Regulations consistent with the relevant sections of the
Banking and Financial Institutions Act.
4.    The Borrower has: (a) appointed the LART Administrator, Board
members and members of the LART Tribunal; (b) for NBC, CRDB and TIB
(i) effected an initial transfer of non-performing assets to LART,
and (ii) made provisions for remaining loans in the banking system
on the basis of the criteria in the "Provisioning" Regulations; and
(c) effected an initial transfer of capital to NBC and CRDB.
5.    The NBC restructuring plan is being implemented in a manner
satisfactory to the Association, including, inter alia: (a) appoint-
ment of four external experts in the areas of credit, audit,
domestic and international operations; (b) implementation of the
Page  11
pilot compensation and employee incentive program; and (c) agreement
on criteria and action plan for the transformation into profitable
units or closure of unprofitable branches.
6.    The Borrower has appointed the restructuring advisory team for
CRDB and reached agreement with the Association on a detailed
restructuring plan (including BOT's divestiture of its share-
holding).
7.    The Borrower has appointed the restructuring advisory team for
TIB and reached agreement with the Association on a detailed
restructuring plan.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required during
the execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit or the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means (i) for the
Credit an amount equivalent to $50,000,000, and (ii) for the Swiss
Contribution an amount of SwF 2,500,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the Swiss Contribution Account, respectively, and
deposited into the Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Accounts have been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
respective Special Accounts shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account or the Swiss contribution Account and deposit into
the Special Account concerned such amount or amounts as the Borrower
shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Accounts, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account or Swiss Contribution Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account concerned such
                   amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                   as shall have been shown by said documents and
                   other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
Page  12
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents
and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Accounts:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General Con-
ditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or the
Swiss Contribution, less the amount of any outstanding special
commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Program, shall equal
the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account or the Swiss
Contribution Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or the Swiss Contribution follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Accounts as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
concerned (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into
the Special Account concerned shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account concerned.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account or the Swiss Contribution Account as the case may be, for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
Page  13
