Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2389 MAU
                      (Water Supply Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
             SOCIETE NATIONALE D'EAU ET D'ELECTRICITE
                     Dated September 18, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2389 MAU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 18, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SOCIETE NATIONALE
D'EAU ET D'ELECTRICITE (SONELEC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Islamic Republic of Mauritania (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to seven million
seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,700,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that SONELEC agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      WHEREAS (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SONELEC, the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent
to SONELEC on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS (C) SONELEC, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. SONELEC declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and other
technical practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SONELEC shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. SONELEC shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Performance Contract.
Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, SONELEC shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or the Performance Contract, or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SONELEC shall participate fully in the
annual review referred to in Schedule 3 of the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall (i) furnish to the Borrower and
the Association such reports as may be required for that purpose,
and in such detail as the Borrower or the Association shall
reasonably request, on the progress and status of the Project, and
(ii) following each such review, act promptly and diligently, in
order to take, or assist the Borrower in taking, any corrective
action deemed necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted in the
implementation of the Project, or to implement, or assist the
Borrower in implementing, such other measures as may have been
agreed upon between the parties in furtherance of the objectives of
the Project.
      (b)   Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing,
SONELEC shall, at the request of the Association, exchange views
with the Association with regard to the progress of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and the Performance Contract, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (c)   SONELEC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by SONELEC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. SONELEC shall, not later than October 1, 1992,
prepare and submit to the Association a proposed schedule, which
Page  3
shall be acceptable to the Association, for the gradual reduction of
the preferential element included in water and electricity tariffs
applicable to SONELEC employees.
      Section 2.07. SONELEC commits itself to designate counterparts
for the technical assistance experts whom it shall contract during
the execution of this Project.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of SONELEC
      Section 3.01. SONELEC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and other technical practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. SONELEC shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
technical and administrative practices.
      Section 3.03. SONELEC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. SONELEC shall inform the Association, prior to
the conclusion of contracts with important industrial clients, that
their financial consequences are not detrimental to the financial
objectives as set out in the Performance Contract.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SONELEC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SONELEC shall:
            (i)   Submit to the Association for review its annual
                  budget prior to approval by the competent
                  authorities;
           (ii)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements), including
                  those for the Special Account, if any, for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
          (iii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each fiscal year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
Page  4
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, SONELEC shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that the said accounts and records shall
                  be audited on a semiannual basis by said
                  auditors, who shall prepare audit reports
                  accordingly and furnish them to the Association,
                  not later than three (3) months after the end of
                  such semiannual audit period, along with an
                  opinion as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such period,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, SONELEC shall not incur any debt, unless the net revenues of
SONELEC for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of such
incurrence or for a later twelve-month period ended prior to the
date of such incurrence, whichever is the greater, shall be at least
one and a half times the estimated maximum debt service requirements
of SONELEC for any succeeding fiscal year on all debt of SONELEC,
including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of SONELEC
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations adjusted to take
                        account of SONELEC's prices in effect at
                        the time of the incurrence of debt even
                        though they were not in effect during the
                        twelve-month period to which such revenues
                        relate and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, but excluding provision for
                        depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
Page  5
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
           (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section, it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association may otherwise
agree, SONELEC shall reduce its ratio of total operating expenses to
total operating revenue from not more than 0.60, in 1992, and not
more than 0.55 from 1993 onwards.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total operating expenses" means the sum
                  of the following expense accounts: total
                  intermediate consumers including other costs and
                  losses, personnel costs, taxes and duties; and
           (ii)   the term "total operating revenue" means the
                  total of the following income accounts: total of
                  sold production and subsidies for operations.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of SONELEC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify SONELEC
of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
Page  6
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex, telefax or radiogram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For SONELEC:
            SONELEC
            B. P. 355
            Nouakchott
            Mauritanie
            Telefax:                      Telex:
                  (222) 25 39 95                5587 MTN
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SONELEC, or by SONELEC on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by its Director-General or such other person or persons as
the Director-General shall designate in writing, and SONELEC shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                        SOCIETE NATIONALE D'EAU ET D'ELECTRICITE
Page  7
                        By /s/ Mohamed Fall Ainina
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mauritania may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, SONELEC may grant a margin of preference
to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of US dollars 200,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to US dollars 500,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers, acceptable to the
Association, from at least three different countries, eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part E:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
Page  8
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist SONELEC in carrying out the Project,
SONELEC shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
