Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3908 MAS
                              Project Agreement
            (Port Development and Environment Protection Project)
                                   between
                     INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                                 AND DEVELOPMENT
                                      and
                        MAURITIUS FREEPORT AUTHORITY
                          Dated February 9, 1996
                                                       LOAN NUMBER 3908 MAS
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 9, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and
MAURITIUS FREEPORT AUTHORITY (MFA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Mauritius (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
dollars equal to seven million one hundred thousand dollars
($7,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that MFA agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)  the Mauritius Marine Authority (MMA) has also
requested the Bank to provide assistance towards the financing
of Part A of the Project and, by an agreement dated October 8,
1995, between the Bank and MMA (the MMA Loan Agreement), the
Bank is agreeing to provide such assistance in an aggregate
principle amount equivalent to twenty-three million four
hundred thousand dollars ($23,400,000) (the MMA Loan);
      (C)  by an agreement dated October 8, 1995, herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank (the MMA Guarantee
Agreement), the Borrower has agreed to guarantee the
obligations of MMA in respect of the MMA Loan and to undertake
such other obligations as are set forth in the MMA Guarantee
Agreement;
Page  2
      (D)  the Borrower has obtained from the Duchy of
Luxembourg, a grant in an amount equivalent to one million
dollars ($1,000,000) to assist in financing Part B of the
Project;
      (E)  MMA intends to contract from the Accelerated co-
financing facility of the Japanese Export-Import Bank (JEXIM),
a loan (the JEXIM Loan) in an amount equivalent to twenty-three
million four hundred thousand dollars ($23,400,000) to assist
in financing Part A of the Project on terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the JEXIM Loan Agreement ) to be entered
into between the MMA and JEXIM;
      (F)  the MMA intends to contract from the European
Investment Bank (EIB), a loan (the EIB Loan) in an amount
equivalent to nineteen million seven hundred thousand dollars
($19,700,000) to assist in financing Part A of the Project on
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the EIB Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the MMA and EIB;
      (G)  by a subsidiary loan agreement entered into between
the Borrower and MFA, the proceeds of the Loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be relent to MFA on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS MFA, in consideration of the Bank entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                               ARTICLE I
                              Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                              ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. MFA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
freeport management practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works, goods and consultants' services
required for Part B of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) MFA shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of Article IX
of the General Conditions, MFA shall:
           (i)   prepare and furnish to the Bank not later than
                 six (6) months after the Closing Date or such
Page  3
                 later date as may be agreed for this purpose
                 between the Borrower and the Bank, a plan, of
                 such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
                 reasonably request, for the future operation of
                 the Project;
           (ii)  afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                 exchange views with the Borrower on said plan;
                 and
           (iii) thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                 diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                 appropriate practices, taking into account the
                 Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. MFA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, MFA shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) MFA shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)  MFA shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by MFA of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. MFA shall until completion of the Project:
(a) consult with the Bank prior to undertaking new investments
in common user facilities; and (b) enter into concession
contracts, with suitable qualified and experienced operators,
for the operation of freeport areas.
                             ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of MFA
      Section 3.01. MFA shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and freeport management practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. MFA shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and freeport management practices.
      Section 3.03. MFA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                          ARTICLE IV
                     Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) MFA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)  MFA shall:
           (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
Page  4
                 statements (balance sheets, statements of
                 income and expenses and related statements) for
                 each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                 appropriate auditing principles consistently
                 applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                 the Bank;
           (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                 in any case not later than six months after the
                 end of each such year, (A) certified copies of
                 its financial statements for such year as so
                 audited and (B) the report of such audit by
                 said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                 as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                 and
           (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                 concerning said records, accounts and financial
                 statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                 Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                 request.
      Section 4.02. MFA shall: (a) by December 31, 1995,
increase the rental fee for its warehouses to at least seven
Mauritian Rupees per square foot per month; and (b) thereafter
adjust such rental fee annually, as required, to retain its
market value.
                                ARTICLE V
                        Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of MFA thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify MFA thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
           International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
           Cable address:               Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD              248423 (RCA)
Page  5
                 Washington, D.C.        82987 (FTCC)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                        197688 (TRT)
      For MFA:
           Mauritius Freeport Authority
           Third Floor, Deramann Tower
           30, Sir William Newton Street,
           Port Louis, Mauritius
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of MFA, or by MFA on behalf of
the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed
by the Director General or such other person or persons as the
Director General shall designate in writing, and MFA shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                            INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                            RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                            By /s/ Andrew Rogerson
                                            Acting Regional Vice President,
                                                                     Africa
                            MAURITIUS FREEPORT AUTHORITY
                            By /s/ A.P. Neewoor
                                                  Authorized Representative
