Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3180 IND
                   Project Agreement
            (Rural Electrification Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
            PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                 Dated April 30, 1990
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3180 IND
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 30, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA (PLN).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower)
and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to three hundred twenty-nine million dollars
($329,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PLN agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and PLN, part of the proceeds
of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to PLN on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS PLN, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
Page  2
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) PLN declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part A of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, managerial, engineering, public utilities and
rural electricity practices, and shall provide, or cause
to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for
Part A of the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Bank and
PLN shall otherwise agree, PLN shall carry out Part A of
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for Part A of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule l to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. PLN shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of Part A of the Project.
     Section 2.04. PLN shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) PLN shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of Part A of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  PLN shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Part A of the Project, the accomplishment
of the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by PLN of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.06. PLN shall, in consultation with the
Bank, carry out an action plan for efficiency
improvements for all its operations. Without limitation
on the foregoing, such plan shall include detailed,
monitorable targets for PLN's non-Java operations, and
PLN shall carry out such part of the plan in a manner
that shall reach the break-even requirement of Section
4.06 (a) (ii) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
Page  3
           Management and Operations of PLN
     Section 3.01. PLN shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. (a) PLN shall maintain its existence
and right to carry on its operations and shall take all
steps necessary to acquire, maintain and renew all
interest in land and other properties and all rights,
powers, privileges and franchises which are necessary or
useful in carrying out Part A of the Project or in the
conduct of its business.
     (b)  PLN shall at all times operate and maintain its
plants, facilities, equipment and other property, and
promptly as required, make all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof, in accordance with sound engineering
and public utility practices.
     (c)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN
shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of
any of its property or assets which shall be required for
the efficient operation of its business and undertaking.
     Section 3.03. PLN shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) PLN shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  PLN shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year:
               (A) certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited,
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request, including
Page  4
                    without limitation on the foregoing,
                    PLN's segregated financial and
                    operating information on rural
                    electrification activities, as well
                    as, unaudited accounts, all as soon
                    as available, but not later than six
                    months after the end of each such
                    year.
     Section 4.02. PLN shall periodically review its long
run marginal costs and tariff structure, and shall
discuss, in a timely manner, the results of the review
with the Borrower and the Bank.
     Section 4.03. For the purposes of the calculations
referred to in Section 4.06 (a) (i) and (ii) of this
Agreement, PLN shall for its fiscal year 1989/90 and for
each fiscal year thereafter, revalue its fixed assets
(including work in progress and consumers'
contributions), and accumulated depreciation, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 4.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable
forecast of the revenues and expenditures of PLN shows
that the projected net revenues of PLN for each fiscal
year during the term of the debt to be incurred shall be
at least l.5 times the projected debt service requirement
of PLN in such year on all debt of PLN including the debt
to be incurred. For the purposes of this Section:
     (a)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLN
maturing by its terms more than one year after the date
on which it is originally incurred.
     (b)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under
a loan contract or agreement or other instrument
providing for such debt or further modification of its
terms of payment, on the date of such contract, agreement
or instrument; and (ii) under a guarantee agreement, on
the date the agreement providing for such guarantee has
been entered into.
     (c)  The term "net revenues of PLN" means gross
revenues of PLN from all sources, adjusted to take
account of the PLN's tariffs in effect at the time of the
incurrence of debt even though they were not in effect
during the twelve-month period to which such revenues
relate, less all operating expenses of PLN, including
expenses accountable to administration, maintenance and
taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but before
provision for depreciation of assets and interest and
other charges on debt.
     (d)  The term "debt service requirement" means the
aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking fund
payments, if any) of, and interest and other charges on,
debt.
     (e)  The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
prepared by PLN in the fiscal year in which the debt in
question is to be incurred, which both the Bank and PLN
accept as reasonable and as to which the Bank has
notified PLN of its acceptability, provided that no event
has occurred since such notification which has, or may
reasonably be expected in the future to have, a material
adverse effect on the financial condition or future
operating results of PLN.
     (f)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
shall be necessary to value, in terms of currency of the
Borrower, debt payable in another currency, such
Page  5
valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
purposes of servicing such debt, or, with absence of such
rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to
the Bank.
     Section 4.05. PLN shall, as part of its on-going
annual planning procedures: (i) prepare a ten-year
financial forecast based on its proposed development
plan; (ii) test each proposed development plan for
financial feasibility; (iii) develop a financing plan
covering the first five years of the forecast period
which will specify the quantum of external funding and
the appropriate mix of equity and debt and, to the extent
possible, identify potential financial sources; and (iv)
ensure that its recommended development plan and
associated financial forecast and financing plan are
jointly reviewed and adopted by its Board and that such
plans and forecasts will be furnished to and discussed
with the Borrower and the Bank.
     Section 4.06. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree: (i) PLN shall, from time to time, take all such
measures as shall be required to realize for its Java
operations, no later than its fiscal year 1989/90 and in
each of its fiscal years thereafter, an annual rate of
return of not less than eight percent (8%); and (ii) PLN
shall, from time to time, take all such measures,
including those set forth in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement, as shall be required with respect to its
non-Java operations to produce no later than its fiscal
year 1992/93 and in each fiscal year thereafter, total
revenues equal to not less than the sum of non-Java
operations: (A) total operating expenses; and (B) the
amount by which debt service requirements exceed the
provision for depreciation.
     (b)  Before December 31 in each year, PLN shall, on
the basis of realistic forecasts, review the adequacy of
its tariffs to meet the requirements set forth in
paragraphs (a) (i) and (ii) of this Section for the next
fiscal year, and shall furnish to the Bank such review
upon its completion; such review to take account of the
result of the discussions under Section 4.02 of this
Agreement and the efficiency of PLN's operations outside
Java pursuant to the action plan provided for in Section
2.06 of this Agreement.
     (c)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  the required annual return shall be
               calculated by dividing PLN's net
               operating income for its Java operations
               for the fiscal year in question by one -
               half of the sum of the current value of
               PLN's net fixed assets in operation for
               its Java operations at the beginning and
               the end of that fiscal year;
          (ii) the term "net operating income" means the
               revenues from all sources related to
               PLN's Java operations less all
               expenditures incurred on account of such
               operations, including expenses of
               administration, adequate maintenance and
               taxes or any payments in lieu of taxes,
               and provision for depreciation calculated
               on revaluated assets pursuant to Section
               4.03 of this Agreement. Interest and
               other charges on debt shall not be
               deducted from gross revenues;
Page  6
          (iii)     the term "value of PLN's net fixed
                    assets in operations for its Java
                    operations" means the gross value of
                    PLN's fixed assets in operation on
                    Java less the amount of accumulated
                    depreciation and consumers'
                    contributions, all as valued from
                    time to time in accordance with the
                    methods of valuation or revaluation
                    referred to in Section 4.03 of this
                    Agreement;
          (iv) the term "total revenues" means the sum
               of total non-Java operating revenues and
               net non-Java nonoperating income;
          (v)  the term "total non-Java operating
               revenues" means revenues from all sources
               related to operations from outside Java;
          (vi) the term "net non-Java non-operating
               income" means the difference between:
               (A)  non-Java revenues from all sources
                    other than those related to
                    operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above;
          (vii)     the term "total operating expenses"
                    means all expenses related to
                    non-Java operations, including
                    administration, adequate
                    maintenance, taxes and payments in
                    lieu of taxes, and provision for
                    depreciation calculated on
                    revaluated assets pursuant to
                    Section 4.03 of this Agreement, but
                    excluding interest and other charges
                    on debt;
       (viii)  the term "debt service requirements"
               relating to non-Java operations means the
               aggregate amount of repayments (including
               sinking fund payments, if any) of, and
               interest and other charges on, debt;
          (ix) whenever, for the purposes of this
               Section, it shall be necessary to value,
               in terms of the currency of the Borrower
               debt payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
Page  7
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of PLN thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify PLN thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
  For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA) or
                                     64145 (WUI)
     For PLN:
          Perusahaan Umum Listrik Negara
          Jalan Trunojoyo 135
          Kebayoran Baru
          Jakarta 12160
          Indonesia
          Cable address:           Telex:
               PLNPST                47156 PLNPST IA
               Jakarta               47248 PLNPST IA
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of PLN may be
taken or executed by the President Director of PLN or
such other person or persons as the President Director of
PLN shall designate in writing, and PLN shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
Page  8
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ R. J. Cheetham
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
               By /s/ A. R. Ramly
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Indonesia may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Training manuals, training equipment and aids and
computer software/hardware packages estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $10,000 per contract, up to
an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations solicited from a
list of a least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
2.   Concrete power line poles may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix l to the
Page  9
Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist PLN in carrying out Part A of the
Project, PLN shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   PLN shall carry out Part A (i) of the Project in
accordance with village selection criteria acceptable to
the Bank.
2.   PLN shall, by November 15, of each year, commencing
on November 15, 1990, and until the completion of the
Project, exchange views with the Bank on its proposed
rural electrification investment program for the next
fiscal year.
3.   PLN shall develop and implement an action program,
satisfactory to the Bank to: (a) on a pilot basis,
increase productive uses of electricity; (b) upgrading
its planning capacity to undertake an optimized long rate
rural electrification development plan; (c) develop and
implement appropriate rural electrification technical and
construction standards; (d) develop and implement a
management information system for rural electrification
operations; and (e) develop and carry out staff training.
4.   PLN shall take all such action as shall be necessary
to assist the Directorate General of Cooperatives
Business Promotion (Direktorat Jenderal Bina Usaha
Koperasi), of the Borrower's Ministry of Cooperatives in
carrying out Part B (i) of the Project, including the
development of training programs and, on a pilot basis,
implement management services arrangements with selected
village cooperatives and organizations for purposes of
operation and maintenance of selected PLN's rural power
schemes/systems.
