Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3723 RO
                         PETROM PROJECT AGREEMENT
                 (Petroleum Sector Rehabilitation Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                                PETROM R.A.
                            Dated June 1, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3723 RO
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 1, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PETROM R.A. (PETROM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Romania (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available
to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
seventy five million six hundred dollars ($175,600,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that
PETROM agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and PETROM, a portion of the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be relent to PETROM on the terms and
conditions set forth in said subsidiary loan agreement; and
      WHEREAS PETROM, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined)
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                    Execution of Part B of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PETROM declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this
end, shall carry out Part B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering
and petroleum industry practices and in accordance with safety, health and
environmental standards satisfactory to the Bank, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section and except as the Bank and PETROM shall otherwise agree, PETROM
shall carry out Part B of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement
of the goods and consultants' services required for Part B of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PETROM shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the PETROM Project Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. PETROM shall duly perform all its obligations under the
PETROM Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PETROM shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the PETROM Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PETROM shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange
views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part B of the project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under the PETROM
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Loan.
      (b)   PETROM shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part B of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the performance
by PETROM of its obligations under this Agreement and under the PETROM
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                    Management and Operations of PETROM
      Section 3.01. PETROM shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, environmental
and petroleum industry practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. PETROM shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and petroleum industry
practices.
      Section 3.03. PETROM shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
Page  3
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PETROM shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
      (b)   PETROM shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such
                  year, (A) certified copies of its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited, and (B) the report of such
                  audit by said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                  said records, accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PETROM
shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal year ending on
December 31, 1994, funds from internal sources equivalent to not less than
the higher of the annual average of PETROM's: (i) exploration expenditures;
or (ii) local capital expenditures, incurred, or expected to be incurred,
for the previous year, that year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, PETROM shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by PETROM and satisfactory to the Bank,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish
to the Bank, by December 31 of such year, a copy of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that PETROM would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for PETROM's fiscal years covered
by such review, PETROM shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or levels of
its oil and gas producer prices in accordance with the recommendations of
the agency referred to in Part A (1) (b) of the Project) in order to meet
such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources related to
                        operations, consumer deposits and consumer
                        contributions in aid of construction, net non-
                        operating income and any reduction in working
                        capital other than cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to operations,
                        including administration, adequate maintenance and
                        taxes and payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                        provision for depreciation and other non-cash
                        operating charges), debt service requirements, all
                        cash dividends and other cash distributions of
                        surplus, increase in working capital other than
                        cash and other cash outflows other than capital
Page  4
                        expenditures.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those related
                        to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, incurred in the generation of revenues in
                        (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means the
                  difference between current assets excluding cash and
                  current liabilities at the end of each fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means all assets
                  other than cash which could in the ordinary course of
                  business be converted into cash within twelve months,
                  including accounts receivable, marketable securities,
                  inventories and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all liabilities
                  which will become due and payable or could under
                  circumstances then existing be called for payment within
                  twelve months, including accounts payable, customer
                  advances, debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                  in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the aggregate
                  amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if
                  any) of, and interest and other charges on, debt.
          (vii)   The term "exploration expenditures" means all
                  expenditures on account of oil and gas exploration
                  operations.
         (viii)   The term "local capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures in the currency of the Borrower on account
                  of oil and gas exploration and development operations and
                  on account of fixed assets for transmission and
                  distribution operations, excluding interest charged to
                  construction, related to these operations.
           (ix)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
                  necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the
                  Borrower, debt payable in another currency, such
                  valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
                  lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
                  at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the absence of
                  such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable
                  to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. PETROM shall:
      (a)   (i) gradually reduce its accounts receivable, on average, to not
more than (A) three months' billing by December 31, 1994, and (B) two
months' billing by december 31, 1995, and (ii) thereafter, continue to
maintain its accounts receivable at not more than two months' billing;
      (b)   (i) by October 31 of each year beginning with October 31, 1994,
prepare and furnish to the Bank for its review and comments a proposed five-
year rolling business plan, prepared in accordance with guidelines
satisfactory to the Bank, which shall include projected financial statements
and all investments PETROM plans to undertake, including through joint
venture arrangements, and (ii) by December 31 of each year, finalize said
plan after taking into consideration the Banks' comments thereon, and,
thereafter, carry out the same with due diligence and efficiency and in a
manner designed to achieve the objectives thereof; and
Page  5
      (c)   by December 31 of each year, prepare and furnish to the Bank a
report on the measures undertaken and the results obtained during the
preceding twelve-months period in achieving its objective to promote joint
venture arrangements with international oil companies, including a list of
oil field in respect of which such arrangements have been concluded.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank and of
PETROM thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement
shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify PETROM thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For PETROM:
            PETROM, R.A.
            109 Calea Victoriei
            Bucharest
            Romania
                                          Telex:
                                            11720
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of PETROM, or by PETROM on behalf of the Borrower under the Loan
Agreement, may be taken or executed by its General Manager or such other
person or persons as said General Manager shall designate in writing, and
PETROM shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
Page  6
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Michael H. Wiehen
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                        PETROM R.A.
                        By /s/ Vasile Puscas
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in
paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is
delayed beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign
currency components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part A,
PETROM shall use the relevant standard bidding documents issued by the Bank,
with such modifications thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to be
necessary for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard
bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, PETROM shall use bidding
documents based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Romania may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods and associated services for field services and for environmental
protection up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,100,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded through limited international bidding
procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from
Page  7
a list of qualified suppliers, acceptable to the Bank, from eligible sources
as defined under the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth
in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55,
2.56 thereof).
2.    Contracts for goods, which the Bank agrees are proprietary, may be
awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the equivalent
of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished
to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not apply
to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan Account are to
be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts awarded to
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants under contracts
using the standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by the
Bank, with such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where
no relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank, PETROM
shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section, the
provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank review or
approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures, letters of
invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to
contracts estimated to cost less than $50,000 equivalent each. However, this
exception to prior Bank review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single source
selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably
determined by the Bank and to amendments of contracts raising the contract
value to $100,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    In order to facilitate the carrying out of Part B of the Project,
PETROM shall: (a) maintain a separate implementation unit, with staff and
other resources and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, to be
responsible for the overall coordination and supervision of the carrying out
Page  8
of said Part B; (b) establish, by November 1, 1994, and thereafter maintain
an environmental management unit, with staff and other resources and terms
of reference satisfactory to the Bank, to be responsible for the carrying
out of the environmental action plan referred to in subpart (3) of said Part
B and for formulating and implementing environmental assessment and safety
guidelines; and (c) employ consultants with qualifications and terms of
reference, and in accordance with a time-schedule, satisfactory to the Bank,
in order to assist in the carrying out of said Part B.
2.    PETROM shall ensure that the corporate restructuring and development
program referred to in Part B (1) of the Project will be developed and
furnished to the Bank for its review, by December 31, 1994, and, thereafter,
finalized, after taking into consideration the Bank's views, and duly
carried out in accordance with an action plan satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    PETROM shall by October 1, 1994: (a) relinquish all concession areas,
which are not being explored or produced as of the date of this Agreement,
for inclusion in the exploration program to be carried out under Part A (2)
of the Project, by the agency referred to in Part A (1) (b) of the Project;
and (b) provide said agency with all data on exploration and production
relating to the areas so relinquished.
