Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2386 MAI
                       (Fifth Power Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
              ELECTRICITY SUPPLY COMMISSION OF MALAWI
                        Dated July 2, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2386 MAI
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 2, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ELECTRICITY SUPPLY COMMISSION
OF MALAWI (ESCOM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Malawi (the Borrower) and the Associa-
tion, the Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-nine million
two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 39,200,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that ESCOM agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ESCOM, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent
to ESCOM on the terms and conditions set forth in the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS ESCOM, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ESCOM declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A through E of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Parts
A through E of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A through E of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ESCOM shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A
through E of the Project.
      Section 2.04. ESCOM shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, ESCOM shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ESCOM shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts A through E of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ESCOM shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A through E of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by ESCOM of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.06. ESCOM shall implement the recommendations on
electricity tariffs, which shall have been reviewed by and found
satisfactory to the Association, over a period not exceeding three
years commencing April 1, 1993.
                           ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of ESCOM
      Section 3.01. ESCOM shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering practices under the supervision of qualified and
Page  3
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers. To this end ESCOM shall afford the Association an oppor-
tunity to review the experience and qualifications of appointments
to senior management positions in ESCOM and to take due account of
the Association's views.
      Section 3.02. ESCOM shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
electricity generating, transmission and distribution practices.
      Section 3.03. ESCOM shall take out and maintain with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. (a) ESCOM shall take such measures as shall be
necessary to resettle, in accordance with a plan satisfactory to the
Association, all persons to be displaced as a result of the
transmission line construction to be carried out under Part A.5 of
the Project.
      (b)   ESCOM shall take all measures necessary to establish an
adequately staffed environmental affairs unit, with terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association, to, inter alia, carry out
environmental mitigating measures associated with the carrying out
of Parts A.1, A.2 and A.5 of the Project.
      (c)   ESCOM shall appoint, and thereafter maintain, a manager,
with qualifications satisfactory to the Association, to supervise
the implementation of Part A of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ESCOM shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ESCOM shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year including those for Special Account A,
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than four months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably re-
                   quested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and
                   financial statements as well as the audit there-
                   of, as the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, ESCOM shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
Page  4
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, or-
                   ders, invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
                   ments) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. ESCOM shall revalue its assets annually on the
basis of the asset revaluation study dated June 1991 and furnish the
Association with duly audited supplementary financial statements,
together with the audited accounts referred to in Section 4.01 (b)
(ii) above, not later than four months after the end of ESCOM's
fiscal year.
      Section 4.03. ESCOM shall:
      (a)   annually review the IPPS and make appropriate revisions
in consultation with the Borrower and the Association; and
      (b)   not undertake any capital investment in excess of five
million dollars ($5,000,000) equivalent for any one project not
included in the IPPS unless the technical and economic justification
of such project is satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, ESCOM shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast
of the revenues and expenditures of ESCOM shows that the estimated
net revenues of ESCOM for each fiscal year during the term of the
debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt
service requirements of ESCOM in such year on all debt of ESCOM
including the debt to be incurred.
(b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of ESCOM
                   maturing by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
          (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-operat-
                         ing income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions including administration, adequate
Page  5
                         maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                         taxes, but excluding provision for depre-
                         ciation, other non-cash operating charges
                         and interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
           (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by ESCOM not earlier than twelve months
                   prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                   which both the Association and ESCOM accept as
                   reasonable and as to which the Association has
                   notified ESCOM of its acceptability, provided
                   that no event has occurred since such notifica-
                   tion which has, or may reasonably be expected in
                   the future to have, a material adverse effect on
                   the financial condition or future operating
                   results of ESCOM.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Association.
      Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, ESCOM shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on March 31, 1991, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 30% of the annual average of its capital
expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that year,
the previous fiscal year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the end of each
of its fiscal years, ESCOM shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared
by ESCOM and satisfactory to the Association, review whether it
would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of
such year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to
the Association a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that ESCOM would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for its fiscal years covered
by such review, ESCOM shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its rates) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources relat-
                        ed to operations, consumer deposits and
                        consumer contributions in aid of construc-
                        tion, net non-operating income and any
Page  6
                        reduction in working capital other than
                        cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions, including administration, adequate
                        maintenance and taxes and payments in lieu
                        of taxes (excluding provision for deprecia-
                        tion and other non-cash operating charges),
                        debt service requirements all cash divi-
                        dends and other cash distributions of
                        surplus, increase in working capital other
                        than cash and other cash outflows other
                        than capital expenditures.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means
                  the difference between current assets excluding
                  cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                  fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
                  cash within twelve months, including accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all liabili-
                  ties which will become due and payable or could
                  under circumstances then existing be called for
                  payment within twelve months, including accounts
                  payable, customer advances, debt service require-
                  ments, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                  dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all expen-
                  ditures incurred on account of fixed assets,
                  including interest charged to construction,
                  related to operations.
         (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                  able to the Association.
      Section 4.06. ESCOM shall continue to take all measures
necessary to ensure that the level of ESCOM's accounts receivable
from subscribers shall not exceed the equivalent of sixty days of
ESCOM's sales revenue in the preceding twelve months.
      Section 4.07. ESCOM shall take all measures necessary (a) to
Page  7
conclude by not later than June 30, 1993 agreements, satisfactory to
the Association, for the financing of Parts C and D of the Project;
and (b) to assist the Borrower to conclude, by not later than
February 28, 1993, the AfDB Loan Agreement for financing the
turbines and generators under Part A.3 of the Project.
                            ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ESCOM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
              (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                   its terms; or
             (ii)  the date twenty years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify ESCOM of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For ESCOM:
            Electricity Supply Commission of Malawi
            P.O. Box 2047
            Blantyre
            Malawi
                                          Telex:
                                             44246
Page  8
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ESCOM may be taken or executed by the General
Manager or such other person or persons as the General Manager shall
designate in writing, and ESCOM shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ F. J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  ELECTRICITY SUPPLY COMMISSION OF MALAWI
                  By /s/ Robert B. Mbaya
                                         Authorized Representative
