Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2347 NEP
                 (Power Sector Efficiency Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                    NEPAL ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY
                        Dated July 15, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 3247 NEP
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 15, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and NEPAL ELECTRICITY
AUTHORITY (NEA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Kingdom of Nepal (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount equivalent to forty eight million one hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 48,100,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only
on condition that NEA agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and NEA, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent
to NEA on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS NEA, in consideration of the Association's entering
Page  2
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) NEA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts A, B, C, E (iv), F and G of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and public utility practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Parts A, B, C,
E (iv), F and G of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and NEA shall
otherwise agree, NEA shall carry out Parts A, B, C, E (iv), F and G
of the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A, B.1, B.2, B.3, B.4, C (i), F.1 and G of the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. NEA shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and
Parts A, B.1, B.2, B.3, B.4, C (i), F.1 and G of the Project.
      Section 2.04. NEA shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, NEA shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) NEA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts A, B, C, E (iv), F and G of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   NEA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A, B, C, E (iv), F and G of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by
NEA of its obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of NEA
      Section 3.01. NEA shall carry on its operations and conduct
Page  3
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
public utility practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. NEA shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. NEA shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provisions satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) NEA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   NEA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request, including, without limitation of the
                  foregoing, unaudited Project accounts and
                  financial statements for each fiscal year as soon
                  as available, but not later than six months after
                  the end of such year.
      Section 4.02. NEA shall, at the end of each fiscal year and
until completion of the Project, assess and revise the value of its
fixed assets in operation in accordance with methods acceptable to
the Association.
      Section 4.03. NEA shall take out and maintain with a reputable
insurer, or make such other provision as shall be satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice. Without
limitation to the provisions of this Sub-Section, NEA shall prepare
and furnish to the Association for its review and comments, not
later than August 31, 1992, a proposal for an insurance program
consistent with sound public utility practice to be undertaken by
NEA.
      Section 4.04. Throughout the life of the Investment Program,
NEA shall not undertake any new investment outside the purview of
the said Program when the cost thereof exceeds five million dollars
($5,000,000) unless it has first received the consent of the
Association to do so, and shall submit to the Association, not later
Page  4
than May 31 of each fiscal year (i) such details of its proposed
investments for the following three years as shall be satisfactory
to the Association; (ii) projected financial statements for each
such year; and (iii) such proposals for measures aimed at increasing
NEA's revenues, including adjustment of NEA's tariffs, as shall be
required to comply with the provisions of Section 4.07 of this
Agreement.
      Section 4.05. NEA shall, from time to time, make such
adjustments to its tariffs, as shall be satisfactory to the
Association, to reflect the increase in the cost of fuel to NEA, if
any.
      Section 4.06. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NEA shall not incur any debt unless the net revenues of NEA
for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of such
incurrence or for any later twelve-month period ended prior to the
date of such incurrence, whichever is the greater, shall be at least
1.3 times the estimated maximum debt service requirements of NEA for
any succeeding fiscal year on all debt of NEA including the debt to
be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of NEA
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
         (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations adjusted to take
                        account of NEA's tariffs in effect at the
                        time of the incurrence of debt even though
                        they were not in effect during the twelve-
                        month period to which such revenues relate
                        and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions including administration, adequate
                        maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, but excluding provision for depre-
                        ciation, other non-cash operating charges
                        and interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt. Interest charges which are
                  incurred in financing capital expenditures during
                  construction should be excluded, if such charges
                  are capitalized.
Page  5
           (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.07. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NEA shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on July 15, 1991, funds from internal sources
equivalent to such amount as shall be required to finance not less
than 45% of the local costs of NEA's investment program (including
interest during construction) in FY92, 50% in FY93, 55% in FY94, 60%
in FY95, 65% in FY96, 70% in FY97 and 75% thereafter.
      (b)   Before May 15 in each of its fiscal years, NEA shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by NEA and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association a copy of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that NEA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for NEA's fiscal years
covered by such review, NEA shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjusting the structure or
the level of its tariffs) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations, consumer deposits
                        and consumer contributions in aid of
                        construction, net non-operating income and
                        any reduction in working capital other than
                        cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance and taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes (excluding provision for
                        depreciation and other non-cash operating
                        charges), debt service requirements, all
                        cash dividends and other cash distribution
                        of surplus, increase in working capital
                        other than cash and other cash outflows
                        other than capital expenditure.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means
                  the difference between current assets excluding
                  cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                  fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
Page  6
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
                  cash within twelve months, including accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                  liabilities which will become due and payable or
                  could under circumstances then existing be called
                  for payment within twelve months, including
                  accounts payable, customer advances, debt service
                  requirements, taxes and payments in lieu of
                  taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures incurred on account of fixed assets,
                  including interest during construction, related
                  to operations.
      Section 4.08. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NEA shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal
year ending on July 15, 1995, an annual return of not less than 5%
of the average current net value of NEA's fixed assets in operation
in FY96 and 6% thereafter.
      (b)   Before May 15 in each of its fiscal years, NEA shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by NEA and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association the results of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that NEA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for NEA's fiscal years
covered by such review, NEA shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  NEA's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half of the sum of the current
                  net value of NEA's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year.
           (ii)   The term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses.
          (iii)   The term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                  of not less than 3% per annum of the average
                  current gross value of NEA's fixed assets in
                  operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                  Association, but excluding interest and other
                  charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of the NEA's
                  fixed assets in operation shall be calculated as
                  one half of the sum of the gross value of the
                  NEA's fixed assets in operation at the beginning
Page  7
                  and at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                  time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Association.
           (vi)   The term "current net value of the NEA's fixed
                  assets in operation" means the gross value of
                  NEA's fixed assets in operation less the amount
                  of accumulated depreciation, as valued from time
                  to time in accordance with sound and con-
                  sistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of NEA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty five years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify NEA of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified
or at such other address as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For NEA:
Page  8
            Nepal Electricity Authority
            Durbar Marg
            Kathmandu, Nepal
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  VIDYUT                    2633 NEAHO NP
                  Kathmandu
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of NEA may be taken or executed by its managing
director or such other person or persons as NEA shall designate in
writing, and NEA shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                        NEPAL ELECTRICITY AUTHORITY
                        By /s/ Yog Prasad Upadhyay
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for Part A (i) of the Project shall be prequalified as
provided in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B      Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the pro-
cedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the
Kingdom of Nepal may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
Page  9
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for civil works, construction
materials and transport materials estimated to cost the equivalent
of up to $2,500,000 in total may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Proprietary items of materials, equipment, tools and spare
parts (which can only be manufactured by the suppliers or their
licensees) may be procured through direct contracting with the
suppliers or manufacturers thereof under procedures acceptable to
the Association, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $5,000,000.
3.    Items or groups of items of materials, equipment, tools and
spare parts estimated to cost the equivalent of up to $75,000 or
less per contract up to an aggregate of $600,000 may be procured
under contracts awarded through limited international bidding
procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited
from a list of three qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines and in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9,
2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for (i) civil works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more; and (ii)
materials and equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of $75,000
or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
Page  10
      In order to assist NEA in carrying out Parts A, B.1, B.2, B.3,
B.4, F.1 and G of the Project, NEA shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
      NEA shall:
      (a)   not later than August 31, 1992, carry out an action
program the terms of which shall be satisfactory to the Association,
which shall include, among other things, provisions for the
establishment, within NEA, of a human resources department, with
responsibilities for training programs and manpower planning and
development, and for the employment of a director for the said
department whose qualifications shall be satisfactory to the
Association;
      (b)   not later than August 31, 1992, initiate and thereafter
carry out a program, the terms of which shall be satisfactory to the
Association, which shall, among other things, ensure that, by July
16, 1993, arrears from parastatals and non-governmental subscribers
for electricity services provided by NEA are reduced to, and
thereafter maintained at, three months from billing date; and
      (c)   not later than January 15, 1993, establish, within NEA,
a directorate for the management of its rural electrification
program, with responsibilities and staffing acceptable to the
Association, and shall, starting July 16, 1993, maintain, in a
manner satisfactory to the Association, such separate accounts as
shall be necessary to accurately reflect the financial position of
the said directorate.
