Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3179 ZIM
                         Project Agreement
       (Forest Resources Management and Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                        FORESTRY COMMISSION
                     Dated September 27, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3179 ZIM
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 27, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and FORESTRY
COMMISSION (FC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Zimbabwe (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fourteen million five hundred thousand dollars
($14,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that FC agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and FC, the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be made available to FC on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS FC, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. FC declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and, to
this end, shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and forestry management practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. FC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. FC shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, FC shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) FC shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   FC shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by FC of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. (a) Not later than December 31 each year, FC
shall prepare and furnish to the Bank for its review and comments,
a work plan covering the period of 12 months commencing on following
July 1.
      (b)   Each work plan shall set out detailed proposals for the
period to which it relates and shall contain information
satisfactory to the Bank.
      (c)   After review and comment on each work plan by the Bank,
FC shall make such revisions to such work plan as may be appropriate
showing the regard to any comments emanating from the Bank and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, FC shall carry out such
work plan for the year in question as shall have been so revised
      Section 2.07. Without any limitation or restriction upon its
obligations under Section 2.01 of this Agreement, FC shall prepare
and furnish to the Bank and the Borrower, by not later than June 30,
1994, a detailed assessment of the implementation of the Project on
the basis of terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank. After
Page  3
review of such assessment by FC, the Borrower and the Bank, FC shall
implement such changes as are considered necessary to ensure the
achievement of the objectives of the Project as set forth in the
introductory paragraph of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                  Management and Operations of FC
      Section 3.01. FC shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
forestry management practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. FC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
forestry management practices.
      Section 3.03. FC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank, for
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. FC shall prepare and furnish to the Bank, by
not later than December 31, 1990, a research program covering its
1991, 1992 and 1993 financial years. Following review and comments
by the Bank, FC shall adopt and implement a research program,
satisfactory to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) FC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   FC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. FC shall undertake a review each year of the
stump age rates it charges for different species of trees and shall
adjust such rates to ensure that such rates cover the replacement
costs of such species.
      Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, FC
shall:
      (a)   carry out every three years a revaluation of its assets
Page  4
and liabilities, to such extent as shall be necessary to reflect
adequately, at the time of such revaluation, the current value
thereof, in accordance with a sound and consistently applied method
of valuation acceptable to the Bank, the first such revaluation to
be completed by June 30, 1991; and
      (b)   incorporate and utilize the results of such revaluation
in its annual determination of financial performance.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of FC thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify FC thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                            64145 (WUI)
      For FC:
         Forestry Commission
         Old Mutual Centre, Stanley Avenue
         P.O. Box 8111
         Causeway, Harare
         Zimbabwe
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FORCOM                    2446 ZW
                  Harare
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of FC, may be taken or executed by the General
Manager of FC or such other person or persons as the General Manager
Page  5
shall designate in writing, and FC shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  FORESTRY COMMISSION
                  By /s/ B.T.G. Chidzero
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods (machinery,
equipment, vehicles and spare parts) shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000
or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.l hereof, goods manufactured in Zimbabwe may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods (machinery, equipment, vehicles and spare parts) or
items of goods which cannot be bulked in bidding packages estimated
to cost more than $100,000 equivalent per item or contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $300,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of local competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Works under Part C of the Project, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
Page  6
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of a Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of a Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Loan Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist FC in the carrying out Part C of the
Project, FC shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
