Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                      DUTCH GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2491 KG
                       Dutch Grant Agreement
                      (Rehabilitation Credit)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF KYRGYZSTAN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  as Administrator of Dutch Funds
                          Provided by The
               MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
                        OF THE NETHERLANDS
                        Dated May 20, 1993
                      DUTCH GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2491 KG
                       DUTCH GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 20, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF KYRGYZSTAN
(the Grantee) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as
Administrator (the Administrator) of the Dutch Grant (as hereinafter
defined) provided by the Minister for Development Cooperation of the
Netherlands (the Minister).
      WHEREAS the Grantee has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and the
Minister in the financing of urgently needed imports and services
required during the execution of its program of actions, objectives
and policies designed to achieve economic stabilization and systemic
reforms of the Grantee's economy described in a letter from the
Grantee to the Association, dated April 19, 1993;
      WHEREAS the Association has granted a Credit for this purpose
on the terms and conditions set forth in a Development Credit
Agreement (Credit No. 2491 KG) of even date herewith between the
Grantee and the Association);
      WHEREAS the Minister wishes to make available to the Grantee
a grant in the amount of nine million Dutch guilders
Page  2
(Dfls.9,000,000) (the Dutch Grant) to assist the Grantee in the
financing of urgently needed imports and related services on the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
      WHEREAS by an amendment letter, dated April 15, 1993, between
the Minister, the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development and the Association (the Arrangements), the Minister has
requested the Association, and the Association has agreed, to
administer, inter alia, the Dutch Grant in accordance with the
provisions of the Arrangements; and
      WHEREAS the Grantee acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to the Grantee under this agreement (the Dutch Grant
Agreement) shall be considered part of the bilateral development aid
extended by the Government of the Netherlands to the Grantee;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985 (the General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this
Agreement, subject, however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association acting
as Administrator of the Dutch Grant pursuant to the Arrangements,
except in the phrase "member of the Association" in
Sections 2.01 (5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02 (e);
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", whenever used
in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Dutch Grant extended to the Grantee under this
Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Dutch Grant Account opened by the
Administrator on its books, in the name of the Grantee, to which the
amount of the Dutch Grant is credited;
      (e)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "the term 'Project' means the goods that may be financed
      out of the proceeds of the Dutch Grant pursuant to the
      provisions of the Schedule to the Dutch Grant Agreement.";
      (f)   in Section 6.02, the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting in its own
capacity;
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date,
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Grantee and the Administrator, the Grantee shall prepare
      and furnish to the Administrator a report of such scope and in
      such detail as the Administrator shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Project, the performance by the Grantee
      and the Administrator of their respective obligations under
      the Dutch Grant Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Dutch Grant"; and
      (h)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02, 4.03, 4.06,
6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05 are deleted.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Page  3
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth, and the terms "Dutch guilders" and "f."
mean the currency of the Netherlands.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Grantee, on the terms and conditions herein set forth or referred
to, a grant in an amount of nine million Dutch guilders
(Dfls.9,000,000).
      Section 2.02. The proceeds of the Dutch Grant may be withdrawn
from the Dutch Grant Account for expenditures made (or, if the
Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of the goods and services required for the Project
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement,
as such Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Grantee and the Administrator.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Dutch
Grant shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any item is inconsistent with the procedures
set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no expenditures for
such item shall be financed out of the proceeds of the Dutch Grant,
and the Administrator may, without in any way restricting or
limiting any other right, power or remedy of the Administrator under
this Agreement, by notice to the Grantee, cancel such amount of the
Dutch Grant as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion,
represents the amount of such expenditures which would otherwise
have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Dutch
Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993, or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Grantee of such later date.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Grantee shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Grantee responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Administrator;
            (ii)  furnish to the Administrator, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each year, a certified
                  copy of the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Administrator shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
            (iii) furnish to the Administrator such other
Page  4
                  information concerning said records, accounts,
                  and the audit thereof as the Administrator shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
                           ARTICLE IV
                    Representation; Transfer of
                      Rights and Obligations
      Section 4.01. The Vice Chairman of the State Commission for
Foreign Investments and Economic Assistance of the Grantee shall be
the representative of the Grantee for the purposes of Section 11.03
of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Grantee:
            Vice Chairman of the State Commission for
              Foreign Investments and Economic Assistance
            96 Kievskaya Street
            Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan 720300
                                          Telex:
                                            245169 ASKAR SU
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      Section 4.03. In accordance with the Arrangements, the rights
and obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement may be
transferred to the Minister. The Grantee accepts and agrees that,
upon notice by the Administrator to the Grantee to that effect, the
Minister shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such notice,
be substituted in all rights and obligations of the Administrator
under this Agreement as if the Minister had been an original party
to this Agreement, without any further action or formality being
required on the part of any party and, from such date, the
Administrator shall cease to have any rights or obligations as a
party under this Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                           Effectiveness
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective as of the
date first above written and shall continue in effect until the
Dutch Grant has been fully disbursed and the parties to this
Agreement have fulfilled their obligations hereunder.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereto duly authorized, have caused this Agreement
to be signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  REPUBLIC OF KYRGYZSTAN
Page  5
                  By /s/ Herman S. Kuznetsov
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     as Administrator of Dutch Funds
                     Provided by The
                  MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
                  OF THE NETHERLANDS
                  By /s/ Wilfried Thalwitz
                                           Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
                           SCHEDULE 1
           Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Dutch Grant
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Dutch Grant, the allocation of
the amounts of the Dutch Grant to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                         Dutch Grant Allocated       % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               Dutch Guilders)     to be Financed
(1) Pesticides,                8,894,000        100%
    agrochemicals
    and veterinary
    medicines
(2) Consultants'                 106,000        100%
    services
                               _________
         TOTAL                 9,000,000
                               =========
                           SCHEDULE 2
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
1.    Chemicals, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $2,400,000, may be procured on the basis of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from at
least three different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Pesticides, other agrochemicals and veterinary medicines may
be procured under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
invited from qualified suppliers acceptable to the Administrator and
in accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of
the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56
thereof).
3.    In order to assist the Grantee in importing the goods, the
Grantee shall employ or cause to be employed consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Administrator. Such consultants shall
Page  6
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Administrator on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
