Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3402 IND
                 (Agricultural Financing Project)
                              amongst
       INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  BANK DAGANG NASIONAL INDONESIA
                    BANK EKSPOR IMPOR INDONESIA
                    BANK NEGARA INDONESIA 1946
                            BANK NIAGA
                        PAN INDONESIA BANK
                    BANK PEMBANGUNAN INDONESIA
                      Dated November 6, 1991
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3402 IND
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 6, 1991 amongst the INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and Bank Dagang
Nasional Indonesia (BDNI), Bank Ekspor Impor Indonesia (BankExim),
Bank Negara Indonesia 1946 (Bank BNI), Bank Niaga, Pan Indonesia
Bank (PANIN) and Bank Pembangunan Indonesia (BAPINDO).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to lend to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred six million one hundred
thousand dollars ($106,100,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that BDNI,
BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by subsidiary loan agreements to be entered into between
Page  2
the Borrower and  BI, Bank BNI, BankExim and BAPINDO, and on-lending
agreements to be entered into between BI and BDNI, Bank Niaga and
PANIN, the proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be made available to BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank
Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO on terms and conditions set forth in the
BankExim Subsidiary Loan Agreement, Bank BNI Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, BAPINDO Subsidiary Loan Agreement,  BDNI On-lending
Agreement, Bank Niaga On-lending Agreement and  PANIN On-lending
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
BAPINDO, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obliga-
tions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                Management and Operations of BDNI,
         BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO
      Section 2.01. BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
BAPINDO each declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to
this end, each shall carry out Part A of the Project and conduct its
operations and affairs, in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, economic and managerial standards and practices, with
qualified and experienced management and staffing in adequate number
and qualifications, and in accordance with its Charter and Governing
Law, as the case may be, and each shall provide, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
such Part of the Project.
      Section 2.02. (a) BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN
and BAPINDO each undertakes that, unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, Sub-loans shall be made in accordance with the procedures and
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b)   BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO
each shall exercise its rights in relation to each Agricultural
Investment Project and Agribusiness Investment Project in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank and of the
relevant Participating Bank; (ii) comply with its obligations under
this Agreement and the relevant BankExim Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
BAPINDO Subsidiary Loan Agreement, Bank BNI Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, BDNI On-lending Agreement, PANIN On-lending Agreement,
and Bank Niaga On-lending Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes
of the Project.
      Section 2.03. BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
BAPINDO each shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) in
respect of Part A of the Project.
      Section 2.04. BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
BAPINDO  each shall duly perform all its obligations under the
relevant BDNI On-lending Agreement, BankExim Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, Bank BNI Subsidiary Loan Agreement, Bank Niaga On-lending
Page  3
Agreement, PANIN On-lending Agreement, and BAPINDO Subsidiary Loan
Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, BDNI, BankExim,
Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO each shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of assigning,
amending, abrogating or waiving its respective BDNI On-lending
Agreement, BankExim Subsidiary Loan Agreement, Bank BNI Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, Bank Niaga On-lending Agreement, PANIN On-lending
Agreement, and BAPINDO Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN
and BAPINDO each shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange views
with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part A of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
its respective BDNI On-lending Agreement, BankExim Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, Bank BNI Subsidiary Loan Agreement, Bank Niaga On-lending
Agreement, PANIN On-lending Agreement, and BAPINDO Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO
each shall furnish to the Bank all such information as the Bank
shall reasonably request concerning the expenditures of the proceeds
of the Sub-loans, the Investment Enterprises, the Agricultural
Investment Projects, the Agribusiness Investment Projects, and the
administration, operations and financial condition of the relevant
Participating Banks.
      (c)   BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO
each shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which inter-
feres or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part A of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by the relevant Participating Banks of their respective
obligations under this Agreement and under their respective
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or On-lending Agreement, as the case may
be.
      Section 2.06. Except as the Bank and the relevant Participat-
ing Bank shall otherwise agree, each of the Participating Banks
shall: (a) not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of
its property or assets, except in the ordinary course of business;
and (b) take all action necessary to maintain its corporate
existence and right to carry on its operations and to acquire,
maintain and renew all rights, powers, privileges and franchises
necessary or useful in the conduct of its business.
     Section 2.07. Except as the Bank and the relevant Participat-
ing Bank shall otherwise agree, the Participating Banks shall use
the proceeds accrued to them from the repayment of the principal of
Sub-loans for further relending to Investment Enterprises for Sub-
loans on the terms and conditions set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement (except for those relating to Bank's approval of Sub-
loans) and with due consideration of their obligations under their
respective Subsidiary Loan Agreements or On-lending Agreements, as
the case may be.
      Section 2.08. Without any limitation to the provision of
paragraph 4 of the Schedule to this Agreement, the Participating
Banks undertake to avail themselves of the technical assistance to
be provided by the Technical Assistance Unit, in the processing of
Sub-loans approval.
      Section 2.09. Without limitation to the provision of Section
2.05 (b) of this Agreement, the Participating Banks shall provide
the Technical Assistance Unit all such information as the Technical
Assistance Unit shall reasonably request concerning the Sub-loans,
the Investment Enterprises and the Agricultural Investment Projects
or Agribusiness Investment Projects, as the case may be.
      Section 2.10. In coordination with LPPI, the Participating
Banks shall identify their staff to be trained in the promotion,
appraisal and supervision of Agricultural Investment Projects and
Agribusiness Investment Projects, and the Participating Banks shall
Page  4
absorb the total cost of such training in direct proportion to the
participation of their staff in the training program.
                            Article III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN
and BAPINDO  each shall maintain procedures and records adequate to
monitor and record the progress of Part A of the Project and of each
Agricultural Investment Project and Agribusiness Investment Project
(including its cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting
practices the operations and financial condition of BDNI, BankExim,
Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO.
      (b)   BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO
each shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank, as soon as available but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO
each  shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, separate records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank has
            received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
            the last withdrawal from the Loan Account was made, all
            records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
            and other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such separate accounts are included
                  in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b)
                  of this Section and that the report thereof
                  contains, in respect of such separate accounts, a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
                  the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in respect of
                  such expenditures were used for the purposes for
                  which they were provided.
      Section 3.03. BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
BAPINDO  each shall in its term lending operations, take such steps
as shall be necessary to cover itself against foreign exchange
risk.
      Section 3.04. BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
Page  5
BAPINDO  shall take all such action as shall be necessary to
maintain, at all times, its SEHAT status, including implementing,
within a prescribed period of time, the remedial measures that BI
may require it to undertake pursuant to Sections 3.01 (b) (iii) (B)
and 3.01 (j) of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Effective Date; Termination
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of the Participating Banks thereunder shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the
Participating Banks thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other addresses as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INDEVAS                     197688 (TRT)
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For Bank Dagang Nasional Indonesia:
            Wisma Hayam Wuruk
            Jl. Hayam Wuruk No. 8
            Jakarta 10120, Indonesia
            Cable address                 Telex:
            COMMERCIAL BANK                 45412 BDNI  HO IA
            Jakarta                         46656 BDNI  HO IA
      For Bank Ekspor Impor Indonesia:
            Jl. Lapangan Setasiun No. 1
            Jakarta 10001, Indonesia
            Cable address                 Telex:
                  EXIMINDONESIA             42030
Page  6
                  Jakarta                   42032
      For BANK NEGARA INDONESIA 1946:
            Jl. Jendral Soedirman
            Kaveling No. 1
            Jakarta, Indonesia
            Cable addressTelex:
                  KBBNI IA                  45524
                  Jakarta                   45539
      For BANK NIAGA:
            Jl. M.H. Thamrin No. 55
            Jakarta, Indonesia
            Cable address                 Telex:
                  NIAGABANK                 44996 - NAGAHO IA
                  Jakarta                   61334 - NAGAHO IA
                                            61728 - PSTBN IA
      For Pan Indonesia Bank:
            Panin Bank Centre
            Jl. Sudirman (Senayan)
            Jakarta, Indonesia
            Cable address                 Telex:
                  PANINHO-1A                47372
                  Jakarta                   47387
                                            47384
                                            47394
      For BANK PEMBANGUNAN INDONESIA:
            Jl. R.P. Soeroso No. 2-4
            Jakarta 10011, Indonesia
            Cable address                 Telex:
                  BAPINDO                   61335
                  Jakarta                   61576
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any documents required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN
and BAPINDO  or by BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and
BAPINDO on behalf of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be
taken or executed by their respective President Director, or by such
other person or persons as BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga,
PANIN and BAPINDO shall designate in writing, and BDNI, BankExim,
Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                     AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  7
                  By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  BANK DAGANG NASIONAL INDONESIA
                  BANK EKSPOR IMPOR INDONESIA
                  BANK NEGARA INDONESIA 1946
                  BANK NIAGA
                  PAN INDONESIA BANK
                  BANK PEMBANGUNAN INDONESIA
                  By /s/ Abdul Rachman Ramly
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                 Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.    Sub-loans shall have a maximum repayment period of 12 years,
including a maximum grace period of three years, and interest rate
at the prevailing market rate in Indonesia for similar loans for
Agricultural Investment Projects and Agribusiness Investment
Projects.
2.    Without limitation to the proviso set forth in paragraph 2 (a)
of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement, no expenditures for goods,
civil works or services required for an Agricultural Investment
Project and Agribusiness Investment Project shall be eligible for
financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless:
      (a)   the Sub-loan for such Agricultural Investment Project or
Agribusiness Investment Project, as the case may be, shall have been
approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been made not
earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank shall
have received the application and information required under
paragraph 4 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan; or
      (b)   the Sub-loan for such Agricultural Investment Project or
Agribusiness Investment Project, as the case may be,  shall have
been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account and such expenditures shall have
been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Bank shall have received the request and information required
under paragraph 4 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such free-limit
Sub-loan. For the purposes of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement,
a free-limit Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan for an Agricultural
Investment Project or for an Agribusiness Investment Project, as the
case may be, in an amount to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan which shall not exceed the sum of $250,000 equivalent when
added to any other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan for such Agricultural
Investment Project or Agribusiness Investment Project, as the case
may be.
3.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Participating
Banks shall not make any Sub-loan:
      (a)   exclusively to finance working capital;
      (b)   to finance the agricultural production of sugarcane and
soya bean, and the agro-industry production of sugar, including
brown sugar, chocolate and confectionery, alcoholic beverages and
cigarettes;
      (c)   to finance the agro-industry production of processed
Page  8
meat, processed fish, milled polished rice, bread and bakery
products, noodles, ground coffee, footwear, wooden building
materials and furniture made of wood, rattan and/or bamboo, unless
the Agribusiness Industry Project has an economic rate of return of
not less than 10%; and
      (d)   to exceed the equivalent of $525,000, or in an amount
which would exceed such limit when added to the amount of all other
Sub-loans or loans made by any Participating Bank for the same
Agricultural Investment Project or Agribusiness Investment Project,
as the case may be; provided, however, that the portion of the Sub-
loan financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall not exceed
$420,000, of which amount a maximum amount of 40% of the amount of
the fixed assets being financed out of the proceeds of the Loan may
be for financing permanent working capital.
4.    (a)   When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a free-limit Sub-
loan) to the Bank for approval BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga,
PANIN and BAPINDO each shall furnish to the Bank an application, in
a form satisfactory to the Bank, together with: (i) a description of
the Investment Enterprise and an appraisal of the Agricultural
Investment Project or Agribusiness Investment Project, as the case
may be, including a description of the expenditures proposed to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms
and conditions of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortiza-
tion of the Sub-loan; (iii) an environmental impact analysis of the
Agricultural Investment Project or Agribusiness Investment Project,
as the case may be, together with a survey to identify existing
adverse environmental impact and proposed solutions to ameliorate
such impact; and (iv) such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by BDNI, BankExim, Bank BNI, Bank Niaga,
PANIN and BAPINDO for authorization to make withdrawals from the
Loan Account in respect of a free-limit Sub-loan shall contain: (i)
a summary description of the Investment Enterprise and the Agricul-
tural Investment Project or Agribusiness Investment Project, as the
case may be, including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; and (ii) the terms and
conditions of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization
therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before March 31, 1995.
5.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the BDNI, BankExim,
Bank BNI, Bank Niaga, PANIN and BAPINDO each shall obtain, by
written contract with the Investment Enterprise or by other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Bank and the relevant Participating Bank, including, in the case
of any Sub-loan the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Agricultural Investment Project or Agribusiness
Investment Project, as the case may be, with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with sound technical, financial,
environmental and managerial standards and to maintain adequate
records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods, civil works and services to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be purchased at a
reasonable price, account being taken also of other relevant factors
such as, in the case of goods, time of delivery, reliability and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor,
and, in the case of civil works and services, of their quality and
the competence of the parties rendering them; and (ii) such goods,
civil works and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying
out of the Agricultural Investment Project or Agribusiness Invest-
ment Project, as the case may be;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
Page  9
the Bank, if the Bank shall so request, such goods, works, plants
and constructions and installations, as the case may be, included in
the Agricultural Investment Project or Agribusiness Investment
Project, as the case may be, the operation thereof, and any relevant
records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the fore-
going, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the acquisi-
tion, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or the relevant
Participating Bank shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and financial
conditions of the Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be
derived from the Agricultural Investment Project or Agribusiness
Investment Project, as the case may be; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with the relevant Participating Bank.
6.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, to qualify for
obtaining a Sub-loan, an Investment Enterprise shall demonstrate:
      (a)   that its debt:equity ratio, including the proposed Sub-
loan,  shall not exceed 70:30;
      (b)   that its operating assets (excluding land, building and
inventories) do not exceed $500,000 equivalent; and
      (c)   that the Agricultural Investment Project or the
Agribusiness Investment Project, for which the Sub-loan is being
requested shall:
            (i)   be financed by not less than 30% of its total
                  cost from the own resources of such Investment
                  Enterprise;
           (ii)   have a financial rate of return of not less than
                  the annual interest rate to be charged to the
                  Investment Enterprise on the Sub-loan; and
          (iii)   satisfy environmental guidelines and regulations
                  existing in Indonesia.
7.    Without any limitation to the provision of paragraph 4 of this
Schedule, in those cases where the Investment Enterprise has been
provided by LPPI with technical assistance under Part B (i) of the
Project, the Participating Bank financing the Agricultural Invest-
ment Project or Agribusiness Investment Project, as the case may be,
resulting from such technical assistance shall, at the request of
LPPI, enter into an agreement with the Investment Enterprise to
withhold from the proceeds of the Sub-loan the cost of such
technical assistance for purposes of making it available to LPPI.
