Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2517 UNI
                         Project Agreement
              (Lagos Drainage and Sanitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      LAGOS STATE OF NIGERIA
                        Dated July 30, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2517 UNI
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 30, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and LAGOS STATE OF NIGERIA
(Lagos State).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-four
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 44,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Lagos State
agrees to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS Lagos State, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Lagos State declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and public utilit
y
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)  Lagos State shall: (i) provide in its budget amounts
adequate to cover its counterpart contributions to the costs of the
Project (including costs relating to drain maintenance); (ii) open,
and thereafter maintain at a commercial bank, a Project Account (the
Project Account) to be used exclusively to meet expenditures to be
made under the Project; (iii) issue, and thereafter maintain during
the execution of the Project, written instructions to the Borrower
to deduct from amounts due to Lagos State from the Federation
Account and pay into the Project Account the following amounts
representing Lagos State's counterpart contributions to the costs of
the Project (as assessed by Lagos State, the Borrower and the
Association), excluding costs relating to drain maintenance, namely,
an amount of at least Naira 9,000,000 each month for the first
period of 18 months and thereafter an amount of at least Naira
12,000,000 each month for the following 30 months. The Borrower,
Lagos State and the Association presently estimate said counterpart
contributions to amount over the Project period in real terms to $21
million equivalent.
      (c)   Lagos State shall: (i) open, and thereafter maintain at
a commercial bank, a drainage maintenance account (the Drainage
Maintenance Account) to be used exclusively to pay private sector
contractors employed by Lagos State to carry out, under contracts
satisfactory to the Association, annual or periodic drain
maintenance under the Project; and (ii) pay into the Drainage
Maintenance Account (A) by December 31, 1994, an amount of at least
Naira 35.2 million, (B) by December 31, 1995, Naira 40.8 million,
(C) by December 31, 1996, Naira 56.5 million , and (D) by December
31, 1997, Naira 74.4 million, and (E) by December 31 of each year a
sufficient amount as required to ensure the proper maintenance of
its drainage facilities.
      (d)   Lagos State shall maintain the Environment and Physical
Planning Office, the Lagos State Waste Management Authority and the
Urban Renewal Board (hereinafter together called the Project
Executing Agencies) in a form and with functions satisfactory to the
Association.
      (e)   Lagos State shall: (i) review jointly with the Borrower
and the Association, by July 31 of each year, the progress achieved
in the execution of the Project; (ii) no later than July 31, 1995
carry out jointly with the Borrower and the Association a mid-term
review of the Project to: (A) assess the overall progress made in
carrying out of the Project against an action plan satisfactory to
the Association; and (B) review the management of the Project, and
Lagos State's performance against performance indicators satis-
factory to the Association; and (iii) promptly thereafter take all
Page  3
action necessary to carry out the recommendations of the reviews
referred to above.
      (f)   Lagos State shall, no later than August 31, 1993, employ
a consultant with qualifications and experience, and with terms of
reference, satisfactory to the Association to:
            (i)   carry out a further analysis of the rights to
                  compensation of people likely to be resettled
                  under Part A of the Project (hereinafter referred
                  to as the "affected persons");
            (ii)  carry out an in-depth assessment and evaluation
                  of the applicable procedures for compensation;
            (iii) prepare a detailed implementation plan
                  satisfactory to the Borrower and the Association
                  for: (A) compensating the affected persons;
                  (B) facilitating their resettlement; and
                  (C) monitoring their socio-economic conditions
                  before, during and after their resettlement.
      (g)   Lagos State shall:
            (i)   adequately compensate all the affected persons
                  and, to that end, shall take all action necessary
                  to ensure that such persons shall after their
                  resettlement enjoy living  standards which shall
                  be at least equal to, their pre-resettlement
                  living standards; and
           (ii)   carry out the resettlement of affected persons
                  under a schedule satisfactory to the Borrower and
                  the Association.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services, required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Lagos State shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) Lagos State shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Borrower and the Association
with regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Lagos State shall promptly inform the Borrower and the
Association of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfer with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by Lagos State of its
obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. (a) Lagos State shall, before employing
technical assistance personnel required for the Project, first
prepare and furnish to the Association for its approval the terms of
reference of all such technical assistance personnel.
      (b)   Lagos State shall take all measures necessary to
mitigate any adverse environmental impacts of the Project, including
the incorporation into the technical specifications of the Project's
construction contracts, of appropriate provisions requiring con-
tractors to take measures adequate to minimize any such adverse
environmental impacts.
      (c)   Lagos State shall employ a Project Financial Controller
Page  4
satisfactory to the Association for the duration of the Project.
      (d)   Lagos State shall: (i) prepare and furnish to the
Association by August 1 of each year a training program satisfactory
to the Association; (ii) carry out training included in the Project
in accordance with the said program; and (iii) require all trainees
to enter into bonds with Lagos State to serve Lagos State for a
period which shall not be less than two years after their training.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Lagos State shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project.
      (b)   To this end, Lagos State shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof, as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of Lagos State thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)    If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
            (ii)  of this Section, the Association shall promptly no
tify Lagos
                  State of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  5
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
            For Lagos State:
            The Director General
            The Environment Physical Planning
              and World Bank Projects Office
            Permanent Secretariat
            Ikeja, Lagos
            Nigeria
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Lagos State or by Lagos State on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Director General responsible for the Environment,
Lagos State or such other person or persons as Lagos State shall
designate in writing, and Lagos State shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  LAGOS STATE OF NIGERIA
Page  6
                  By /s/ Zubair M. Kazaure
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors, acceptable to the Association, one to be applied
to all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be
taken into account in the bid evaluation.
2.    Bidding documents for goods and works to be procured through
international competitive bidding shall be based on the
Association's sample bidding documents.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A. 1 hereof, goods manufactured in Nigeria may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works for transfer stations, landfill development and routine
drainage maintenance estimated to cost $1,500,000 equivalent or less
per contract up to an aggregate amount financed by the Association
not to exceed $8,700,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount financed by the Association not
to exceed $1,000,000 equivalent) may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers from at least two different countries
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
Page  7
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding paragraph (b) shall not
apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Credit
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist Lagos State in carrying out the Project,
Lagos State shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provision of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior review
or approval by the Association of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to such prior
review or approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of
reference for such contracts nor to the employment of individuals,
to single-source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical
nature as reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments
of contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
3.    The Association's Letter of Invitation Package for
Consultants' Services shall be used by Lagos State to solicit
proposals from consultants.
