Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2486 TA
                         Project Agreement
                (Third Telecommunications Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
         TANZANIA POSTS AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION
                        Dated July 26, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2486 TA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 26, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and TANZANIA POSTS AND
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION (TPTC).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between United Republic of Tanzania (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent fifty three
million six hundred thousand to Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 53,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that TPTC agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and TPTC, a portion of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
relent to TPTC on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS TPTC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
Page  2
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) TPTC declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Program and Parts B and C of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and telecommunications practices, and the
provisions of the Ministerial Directive and MOU and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and TPTC shall
otherwise agree, TPTC shall carry out Parts B and C of the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule
2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. TPTC shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. TPTC shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, TPTC shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) TPTC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b) TPTC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by TPTC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. TPTC shall take all necessary action to divest:
(a) by December 31, 1993, its motor vehicle repair, printing and
building construction works; and (b) by December 31, 1994, its
customer premise installations, and sale of customer terminal
equipment and equipment repair activities.
      Section 2.07. TPTC shall by December 31, 1994, create profit
and cost centers for its network installations, bill collections and
staff college.
Page  3
      Section 2.08. TPTC shall, but not later than March 31, 1995,
complete installation of a comprehensive billing system for
telecommunications services satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 2.09. TPTC shall by the date of the mid-term review
furnish to the Association its time bound action plan satisfactory
to the Association to implement the recommendations of the Borrower
referred to in Section 3.07 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement
for the involvement of the private sector in the telecommunications
sector.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of TPTC
      Section 3.01 (a) TPTC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and telecommunications practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      (b)   TPTC shall continue to maintain a competitive salary
structure designed to attract and to retain its staff.
      Section 3.02. TPTC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
telecommunications practices.
      Section 3.03. TPTC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) TPTC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b) TPTC shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, TPTC shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1994, an annual return of not
Page  4
less than 15% of the average current net value of TPTC's fixed
assets in operation.
      (b)   Before April in each of its fiscal years, TPTC shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by TPTC and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association the results of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)  If any such review shows that TPTC would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for TPTC's fiscal years
covered by such review, TPTC shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The annual return shall be calculated by
                   dividing TPTC's net operating income for the
                   fiscal year in question by one half of the sum
                   of the current net value of TPTC's fixed assets
                   in operation at the beginning and at the end of
                   that fiscal year.
           (ii)    The term "net operating income" means total
                   operating revenues less total operating
                   expenses.
          (iii)    The term "total operating revenues" means
                   revenues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)    The term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to operations, including
                   administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                   payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                   depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                   of not less than 10% per annum of the average
                   current gross value of TPTC's fixed assets in
                   operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                   Association, but excluding interest and other
                   charges on debt.
            (v)    The average current gross value of TPTC's fixed
                   assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                   half of the sum of the gross value of TPTC's
                   fixed assets in operation at the beginning and
                   at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                   time to time in accordance with sound and
                   consistently maintained methods of valuation
                   satisfactory to the Association.
           (vi)    The term "current net value of TPTC's fixed
                   assets in operation" means the gross value of
                   TPTC's fixed assets in operation less the amount
                   of accumulated depreciation, as valued from time
                   to time in accordance with sound and
                   consistently maintained methods of valuation
                   satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, TPTC shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1994, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 100% of the local costs of the annual
average of TPTC's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that year.
      (b)   Before April in each of its fiscal years, TPTC shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by TPTC and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and shall furnish to the
Page  5
Association a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that TPTC would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for TPTC's fiscal year
covered by such review, TPTC shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations, consumer deposits
                         and consumer contributions in aid of
                         construction, net non-operating income and
                         any reduction in working capital other
                         than cash; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations, including administration,
                         adequate maintenance and taxes and
                         payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                         provision for depreciation and other non-
                         cash operating charges), debt service
                         requirements, all cash dividends and other
                         cash distributions of surplus, increase in
                         working capital other than cash and other
                         cash outflows other than capital
                         expenditures.
           (ii)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)    The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
           (iv)    The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable or
                   could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   debt service requirements, taxes and payments in
                   lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
          (vii)    The term "capital expenditures" means all
                   expenditures on account of fixed assets,
                   including interest charged to construction,
Page  6
                   related to operations.
         (viii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, TPTC shall not incur any debt, if after the incurrence of
such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall be greater than 60 to
40.
      (b) For purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of TPTC
                   maturing by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modifications
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
          (iii)    The term "equity" means the sum of the total
                   unimpaired paid-up capital, retained earnings
                   and reserves of TPTC not allocated to cover
                   specific liabilities.
           (iv)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.05. TPTC shall not undertake any investment
estimated to cost in excess of the equivalent of $2,000,000 without
the prior approval of the Association.
      Section 4.06. TPTC shall adjust tariffs semi-annually by March
and September in each year to cover inflation and devaluation, in
accordance with the formula in the Ministerial Directive and
Memorandum of Understanding.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of TPTC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
Page  7
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date 20 years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify TPTC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      For TPTC:
            Tanzania Posts and Telecommunications Corporation
            P.O. Box 9070
            Dar es Salaam
            TANZANIA
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   TANPOSTEL               41054
                   Dar es Salaam
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of TPTC, or by TPTC on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Director General or such other person or persons as the Director
General shall designate in writing, and TPTC shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
Page  8
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                         TANZANIA POSTS AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS
                           CORPORATION
                         By /s/ Charles Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                           SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in  Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Tanzania may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for proprietary items up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $6,000,000 may be awarded after direct negotiations
with suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part D:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  9
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Pre-shipment Inspection
      For the purposes of the pre-shipment inspection of goods
imported under the Project, no price verification shall be conducted
in respect of those goods to which Part A of this Section applies.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist TPTC in carrying out the Project, TPTC
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provision of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single-
source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    TPTC shall maintain a Project Management Unit which shall be
responsible for the coordination, the technical assistance and donor
reporting of the Project. The responsibilities of this unit shall be
to: (a) consolidate reports from the Deputy Director General,
Telecommunications and Department Directors on the progress of the
Project; (b) coordinate technical assistance across functional
areas; (c) oversee and participate in contract administration; (d)
maintain accounts for the Project; and (e) monitor transfer of know-
how in the technical assistance.
2.    TPTC shall employ and continue to employ until completion of
the Project, a firm with qualifications and experience satisfactory
Page  10
to the Association, to be responsible for the supervision of the
procurement and implementation of capital construction activities
under the Project.
3.    The physical and institutional components of the Project shall
be managed by the Deputy Director General, Telecommunications.
4.    TPTC shall by April 15 annually, prepare for the Association's
review a comparative analysis of its actual performance against the
performance indicators in the MOU and as indicated in the Annex to
this Schedule.
5.    TPTC shall, by June 30, 1994, develop a manpower development
plan, with career planning and performance based compensation.
6.    TPTC shall participate in the mid-term review referred to in
Section 3.09 of the Development Credit Agreement and shall take all
necessary actions required thereafter for the implementation of the
recommendations emanating from the review.
ANNEX
                      Performance Indicators
      TPTC shall:
      (a)   maintain a liquidity ratio of not less than one;
      (b)   maintain an annual international inpayment/outpayment
            ratio of not less than one;
      (c)   make dividend payment of 25% of profit after tax. Such
            payment is subject to maintaining its financial
            viability to meet its current financial obligations;
      (d)   meet all its financial obligations including servicing
            its debts;
      (e)   achieve a collection rate of at least 75% by
            December 31, 1993, 80% by December 31, 1994, 90% by
            September 30, 1995, and maintain the rate at that level
            thereafter;
      (f)   reduce accounts receivable in accordance with the
            following timetable:
       December 31        1993        1994        1995       1996
Accounts Receivable
(Days in Billing)          120          90          60         45
     December 31          1993        1994        1995       1996
     (g)   achieve the following:
     (i)   Exchange    110,000     126,000     147,000    170,000
           capacity
    (ii)   Connected    86,000      95,000     107,000    123,000
           DELs
   (iii)   Working      71,000      81,000      93,000    111,000
           DELs
      December 31        1993        1994        1995       1996
    (iv)   Faults          65%         70%         75%        75%
           cleared
           within
           24 hours
     (v)   Call            30%         35%         40%        40%
Page  11
           completion
           rate
    (vi)   Staff per        60          50          45         40
           100 connected
           DEL
     (h)   produce and send to the Association on a quarterly basis
           an 80/20 analysis of revenues and receivables; and
     (i)   send to the Association by April 15 of each year, a copy
           of the Efficiency Audit referred to in Section 13 of the
           MOU.
