Report No. PID9121
Project Name                     Mexico-Indigenous and Community (@) ...
Biodiversity Conservation Project
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Natural Resources Management
Project ID                       MXPE66674
Borrower(s)                      NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
Implementing Agency
Address SEMARNAP AND NACIONAL FIANCIERA,
S.N.C.
Contact Person: Salvador Anta,
Delegate of Oaxaca, SEMARNAP
Tel: 529-515-0019
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                October 31, 2000
Projected Appraisal Date         May 15, 2000
Projected Board Date             November 22, 2000
1. Country and Sector Background
In Mexico, deforestation and land degradation due to population growth,
past agricultural policies, expansion of the agricultural frontier,
over-exploitation, poorly regulated tourism, accelerated economic
development, and arbitrary settlement policies are having a serious impact
on terrestrial biodiversity. Up until 1986, the incentives for
sustainable forest and natural resource conservation were perverse.
Commercial wood extraction relied upon a system of industrial concessions
or inefficient parastatals that had no incentives for long-term
sustainability or diversification and that were not responsive to the
needs or interests of indigenous communities or ejidos, despite their
legal ownership of much of the country's forest lands as a result of land
reform. Past agricultural policies fostered clearing of forests for
subsistence and commercial agriculture or cattle-rearing, and private land
tenure was linked to forest clearing. Large-scale cultivation of illegal
drugs began to proliferate in remote forested areas in the 1960s as a
response to acute poverty, and continues to create social conflict and
local violence in some areas. In the early 1990's a series of policy
reforms in the agricultural sector eliminated the past distortions in
prices, livestock and input subsidies, and trade policies, and reformed
the land administration system to strengthen land markets, while
preserving ejido and indigenous community tenure. As part of this
sectoral reform, a new Forestry Law was passed in 1986 and revised in
1992, providing the legal framework for indigenous community and ejido
management of forests in their boundaries, based on a Forest Management
Plan requiring government approval. Although this provided a positive
framework for community forestry management, little additional support was
provided by government in the form of TA, links to stable markets, or
other positive incentives to facilitate change in this direction, apart
from a few soft loans for industrialization of the forest communities and
ejidos. In addition, small-scale NGO-supported initiatives in promising



regions were carried out, particularly in Oaxaca. During the current
six-year administrative term in Mexico, the Ministry of Environment,
Natural Resources and Fisheries (SEMARNAP), working with the National
Commission for Biodiversity (CONABIO), has worked with civil society to
develop a comprehensive approach to sustainable natural resource use and
conservation of Mexico's unique biodiversity. Under the guidance of the
Convention on Biological Diversity, Mexico (the Mexican government,
academia, private sector and relevant stakeholders) has developed a
Country Strategy based on a participatory process over a six month period.
The National Biodiversity Strategy identifies four priority areas for
action: (i) protection of biodiversity rich ecosystems; (ii) sustainable
use of Mexico's biolo-gical resources; (iii) expansion of the country's
knowledge base related to its biodiversity; and (iv) promotion of green
market/valuation of biological resources. Rainforest, dryforest and
marine and coastal ecosystems are among the particular ecosystems
identified as priori-ties for federal protection status and for a major
mainstreaming of biodiversity considerations in economic and public
investment programs. The National Strategy also recognizes the importance
of indigenous and community conservation practices that have long
prevailed, especially in rural/mountainous regions in South-Central
Mexico, and supports development of innovative programs to strengthen such
approaches to natural resource management. In keeping with these
recommendations, SEMARNAP's own programs have been reoriented to be
consistent with this framework, and SEMARNAP is working with other federal
and state entities to mainstream this approach in related sectoral
programs. GOM and CONABIO are now developing a more detailed Action Plan
for the Conservation, Use and Equitable Distribution of Benefits from
Biodiversity. The first five/ten year strategy is expected to be completed
by early 2001.In parallel with the efforts to develop an effective
strategy for conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity, SEMARNAP
has also initiated a range of programs for biodiversity conservation and
sustainable natural resource management with the aim of balancing
environmental values with societal interests and needs. In particular,
SEMARNAP has promoted a set of programs to foster sustainable land use, as
a complement to the strategy to develop a national system of protected
areas (SINAP). In keeping with the country's strategic shift towards
increased decentralization of environmental management to states and
municipalities and the objective of increased public participation,
SEMARNAP's programs emphasize local responsibility and participation. The
key sustainable forestry programs currently underway include: (i) an
integrated model of sustainable development with a regional focus
(PRODERs); (ii) a sustainable forestry management sinking trust fund for
private producers, ejidos and indigenous communities (PRODEFOR) in those
states willing to provide counterpart financing; (iii) a pilot forestry
management project to test community forestry mechanisms (PROCYMAF); (iv)
a restructured reforestation program (PRONARE); and (v) on-going policy
work on international environmental issues and the global commons,
including environmentally friendly markets. At present, there are no
government-supported programs for community-based conservation areas and
sustainable use of biodiversity.The Bank-assisted Community Forestry
Project (PROCYMAF), initiated in 1998, is piloting a positive model for
channeling technical assistance to interested communities in Oaxaca to
defray the cost of forest management plans and complementary studies while
improving the quality of private technical services available to the 248
forest communities and ejidos in the state of Oaxaca. Based on a widely
- 2-



disseminated typology of industrial specialization and internal
organization, PROCYMAF targets technical assistance subsidies to Oaxaca
communities and ejidos on a demand-driven basis. Horizontal information
exchanges and regional organizational capacity are promoted through six
regional, monthly fora. Private service providers are required to take a
core course in integrated forest management and are encouraged to
participate in continuing education courses on cutting edge forestry and
natural resource management issues.Despite its newness, PROCYMAF is
already demonstrating positive outcomes. It has built upon NGO community
resource management initiatives, including a decade of WWF-Oaxaca efforts
to foster community conservation initiatives based on better knowledge of
biodiversity values. With less than US$2 million in project expenditures
at Oaxaca state level, by the end of 1999 55,000 new hectares of forest
had come under sustainable forestry management plans, generating 1,300
permanent jobs, at least eighty million pesos in earnings to the
communities, and one million pesos in fiscal revenue; in addition, the
program resulted in the establishment of 12,000 hectares of new
conservation areas. Participatory planning is now incorporating less
organized communities into the project.Building on this positive
experience in Oaxaca, the GOM has restructured the on-going project to
take advantage of budget savings and expand to states where the national
forestry management program (PRODEFOR) has been operating without the
advantage of capacity-building and training activities (Michoacan and
Guerrero). Assuming success with this three-state program experience, the
plan is to expand the program to the remaining three forest-rich pine-oak
states (Chihuahua, Durango, and Jalisco) and possibly linking to
additional states where PRODEFOR is active.In addition, the GoM has
recognized the importance of expanding forestry development support to
include assistance to communities for conservation efforts. Under this
new expanded forestry strategy, the GoM wishes to develop and implement a
program to conserve biodiverse community and ejido lands, while supporting
financially sound complementary activities of sustainable use. This model
would provide a more decentralized, grass-roots led conservation program,
responding to unmet needs at the community level. The GoM proposes to
test this new program in the states of Oaxaca, Michoacan and Guerrero; if
successful, it would be expanded to other forest-rich states.
2. Objectives
The objective of the project is to conserve areas of high biodiversity by
strengthening and promoting community conservation initiatives on
communally owned lands in areas of high biodiversity in a priority set of
ecological zones in the states of Oaxaca, Michoacan and Guerrero,
building on the positive cultural values and traditional management
practices that these communities have developed over a long period in
relationship to the resources in these ecological zones. The project
would build upon the WWF-Oaxaca pilot program for community conservation
initiatives and the technical assistance offered in the on-going Community
Forestry Project (Ln. 4137-ME; PROCYMAF) in the states of Oaxaca,
Michoacan and Guerrero by initiating a parallel, demand-driven program for
financing the creation of community biodiversity conservation areas and
complementary biodiversity-friendly sustainable land use activities.
Project objectives would be achieved by: (a) supporting the on-going
efforts of indigenous communities and ejidos to establish permanent
conservation areas, and establishing cooperative networks linking
communities with significant conservation areas within a larger region of
-3 -



high biodiversity; (b) building capacity for community conservation and
sustainable natural resource management among communities in areas of high
biodiversity but with weak organizations and a poor economic base; and (c)
supporting the creation of state and regional institutions that can
promote and help finance community conservation initiatives over the
medium to long-term with strong ownership by the communities
themselves.The project was originally planned to have two distinct phases
of implementation: an initial pilot phase in Oaxaca, with an expansion
into the remaining two states, once the institutional mechanisms and
community demand had been tested. At appraisal, it was decided to have a
more fluid implementation process--initiating activities in Oaxaca,
incorporating Michoacan during the same year, and incorporating Guerrero
six months after that, adding a larger number of eligible communities as
capacity and interest developed. To reflect on-going learning, two
evaluation events have been included: an initial evaluation within the
first two years to review implementation mechanisms and adjust the
criteria and procedures in the operational manual, and a second mid-term
evaluation in the fourth year which allows adjustments in targets and
distribution of subgrant activities among the different types of
participating communities and ejidos. In the first two years activities
will focus on the needs of individual communities, while expanding to
multi-community capacity-building and networking in later years, and
consolidating a legal framework for community conservation. Project Global
Objectives: (see Annex l)The global objective of the project is to
conserve some of the most unique and biologically diverse areas of Mexico,
along with testing a model that may be applicable to indigenous reserves
and other communally-owned land in other parts of Latin America.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The Bank has been involved for the past six years in community forestry
and protected areas/biodiversity conservation in Mexico. PROCYMAF is the
outcome of a long policy dialogue with the Government, beginning with an
analysis of the difficulties encountered in ejido forestry in Chihuahua
and Durango (under the earlier Mexico Forestry Project which concluded in
1993) and culminating in the discussion of the 1995 Resource Conservation
and Forest Sector Review (Gray Cover Report No. 13114-ME). This proposed
new project has drawn upon experiences gained in Mexico and elsewhere in
the LAC Region and in other Bank-financed projects for community resource
management and joint partnerships between government and local level
institutions.   For example, the Bank's Indigenous Peoples Initiative in
LAC is building parallel experiences in Peru and Bolivia on community
biodiversity conservation, which will generate valuable lessons in the
future. The GEF supports the conservation of globally significant
ecosystems and local participation in the economic benefits from
biodiversity conservation programs. GEF involvement in this project will
enable the participating communities and states to draw upon GEF
world-wide experience in complementary protection and sustainable use
activities in biosphere reserve management, and in recently approved
projects which support indigenous peoples' involvement in biodiversity
conservation. GEF involvement has catalyzed federal support for
locally-based conservation initiatives, which otherwise might not have
received adequate operational and financial support. The proposed project
is expected to provide models that can be disseminated and adapted for use
elsewhere in Mexico and in other countries.
- 4-



4. Description
The project would be implemented in highly biodiverse priority areas of
Oaxaca, Michoacan and Guerrero. The priority areas have been identified
based on project preparation (Block B) supported analyses and
consultations as well as CONABIO national priority setting and WWF-Mexico
studies. The priority areas delimited in the biological assessment include
1,300 communities within the priority biological zones of the three
states, all with relatively equivalent biodiversity values. Participating
communities have been identified through a participatory social assessment
process using criteria for measuring interest and capacity for
conservation (see Annex 11) and over the life of the project approximately
300 communities and ejidos are expected to come forward to participate in
project activities, either capacity-building or investment. Within the
1,300 community universe, social assessments have categorized a subset of
communities by their level of absorptive capacity and organizational
commitment to conservation. A typology of four categories, ranging from
the least organized for conservation (Category 1) to the most organized
(Category 4) has been developed and activities tailored to these different
levels of organization (see Annex 12). Any community within the 1,300 is
eligible to present proposals to the project, although communities not
included in the social assessment wishing to present proposals must first
be categorized by their level of absorptive capacity using this typology.
Communities evaluated through the social assessment, along with their
location, are presented in Annex 11. Initially, it is expected that about
150 communities would be eligible for financing -- about 100 for land use
planning and capacity-building activities and about 50 for conservation
and sustainable use investments related to community conservation areas.
As local capacity increases, an additional 150 communities are expected to
request land use planning and training support, and conservation
investments would be financed in another 70 communities and ejidos, with
about twenty of these demonstrating the capacity and interest to manage
their own conservation-related ventures over the longer-term. Transparent
criteria for selecting proposals have been developed in the state-level
social and environmental assessments and would provide a basis for
decision-making by state-level committees to select proposals for
financing. The project strategy would be to channel project proposals
appropriate for financing by PROCYMAF or PRODEFOR to those projects while
targeting GEF funding to areas not receiving financing from other sources.
The eligible set of activities has been analyzed in detail by type of
activity and type of financier and is presented in Annex 12.Communities
will hire their own PSPs or NGOs for land use planning and other studies,
and technical assistance related to investment proposals, but should
ensure that these are entered in the project registry of eligible
providers which would build on the existing PROCYMAF and PRODEFOR
registers developed earlier.The project would be implemented over a period
of seven years, to allow adequate time for capacity-building in the
incipient communities and for phased learning in the more advanced
communities. Component 1. Local Capacity BuildingThis component would
finance the costs of the three state committees and the coordinating
units, which would be the decision-making and oversight bodies for
activities at state level. Activities to be financed would include
coordinating unit consultant fees, funds for technical assistance to
communities and ejidos, training of the coordinating unit in financial and
technical monitoring, operational expenses, and costs of consultation and
regional meetings. During the first few years, these coordinating units
- 5 -



would be legally constituted and, over time, procurement responsibilities
transferred completely to them during the course of project
implementation. Over the long term, these committees might evolve as
independent entities, serving the needs of those communities that are not
sufficiently advanced to cover their own conservation investment needs or
directly seek resources from external sources. The coordination units
would transfer knowledge and experience during project implementation both
to participating communities and to state committees on fundraising,
investment practices and grant management. Component 2: Community
Conservation and Sustainable Use Sub-projectsThe project would channel
grant resources to communities to finance a progressive series of
community conservation and sustainable use subprojects tailored to the
level of organization and willingness of participating communities to
undertake long-term conservation (see Annex 12). Incipient communities
with interest in conservation activities but limited organizational skills
and insufficient experience with conservation investment (Category 1)
would be eligible for grants to help finance land use planning, community
conservation action plans, diagnostic studies and inventories, and
training events that build their capacity for conservation. The more
advanced and experienced communities (Categories 2-4) would be eligible
for grants to help finance activities that assist them to actively manage
and protect areas designated for conservation, including fire control,
demarcation, delimitation, or restoration, and activities that promote
sustainable use in adjacent resource areas which generates income while
reducing pressure on conservation areas. As a member of the state
committees and in its role as enforcer of the 1992 Forest Law, SEMARNAP
would ensure that environmental standards are applied to proposals under
review. Grants would be given directly to communities. In some cases,
communities would provide their own labor and technical assistance; in
others, the community would contract private service providers or purchase
small goods and services. There are four types of activities (Types A-D)
which would be eligible for grant allocation, each with a different
community counterpart requirement, and each with progressively larger
grant sizes: Type A: Land Use Planning for the Establishment of
Biodiversity Conservation Areas (Total: $4.8 million; GEF: $1.7
million)Type A activities include workshops, participatory rural
appraisals, land use planning, mapping, inventories of existing
biodiversity resources, and delimitation of conservation areas, including
preparation of by-laws or communal statutes (where appropriate) for the
creation of permanent conservation areas. Grant amounts for these
activities would range in size from $5,000 to $15,000, and counterpart
contribution would be at least 10t of total costs, presented as in kind
contributions of local labor, travel, participation in workshops and
evaluations, and community meetings. For pine-oak forest areas, PROCYMAF
would be the lead financier, while GEF funds would be targeted to all
other forest types. While all communities (Categories 1-4) would be
eligible for Type A grants, Category 3 and 4 communities would not require
Type A assistance before proceeding to Type C and D activities.Type B:
Training and Capacity-Building, including Horizontal Exchanges (Total:
$1.7 million; GEF: 0.6 million)This component would finance two types of
activities necessary for communities to develop the information base and
institutional framework to establish conservation areas.     Type B
activities include capacity-building for conservation activities,
including training for communities provided by third parties and by more
advanced communities to less advanced ones, strengthening of community
- 6 -



networks, and carrying out feasibility studies as under Type C
activities. Proposals can be made by individual communities or networks
of communities, with grants in the order of $2,000 to $8,000 per community
with a matching contribution of at least 20%.   For pine-oak forest areas,
PROCYMAF would be the lead financier, while GEF funds would be targeted to
all other forest types. While all communities (Categories 1-4) would be
eligible for Type B grants, Category 3 and 4 communities would not require
Type B assistance before proceeding to Type C and D activities.Type C:
Community Investments for Conservation Areas and Sustainable Use (Total:
$4.6 million; GEF: $1.65 million)This component would finance investment
in conservation areas or in complementary sustainable uses of
biodiversity, including investments to protect or improve the
administration of conservation areas, as well as investments (and
feasibility studies) for productive activities that generate sustainable
alternatives for communities. The potential scope of activities could
include forest certification studies, market studies, seed capital for
eco-tourism projects, water bottling plants, nature paths, guide training,
mushroom cultivation, resin collection, carbon sequestration and other
non-timber forest product enterprises. Investments for protection could
include guard towers, identification markers, fencing, fire control
mechanisms and rehabilitation of forest fringes. All Type C proposals
would be based on a matching formula to apply the incremental cost
principle, with a community counterpart of at least 25% for sustainable
use projects and at least 20% for conservation activities, and would range
in size from $15,000 to $20,000. PROCYMAF would be the lead financier for
pilot scale non-timber forest product based investments and both PROCYMAF
and PRODEFOR for technical assistance/study components of these
investments in eligible forest types. Only Category 3 and 4 communities
are eligible to participate in Type C activities.Type D: Community Green
Venture Funds (Total: $1.8 million; GEF: $0.63 million)Category 4
communities that have developed the capacity to invest in more substantial
projects of sustainable use and which have a longer-term commitment to
conservation of their permanent areas would become eligible for a fourth
type of grant investment, which would be a payment into a revolving fund
established at the community level as a separate conservation account (see
Annex 15). Under this latter modality, communities that are ready to
create a permanent fund for continued financing of sustainable use
activities and conservation areas would be eligible for a larger size
grant and would agree to reimburse both the amount of the grant and their
own matching investment into a community account specifically established
for conservation investments. This financing modality would be accessed on
a voluntary, self-selecting basis, and would be targeted to the more
advanced communities (Category 4) which have reached a point of
recognizing the value of long-term conservation initiatives and are
willing and able to dedicate resources to this purpose. The scheme would
provide a learning experience to the community which should make them
eligible for future support from other local and international
conservation donors or from green venture capital sources. The size of
this grant is expected to be between $20,000 and $50,000, with at least an
equivalent amount of community counterpart. Specific technical assistance
would also be provided to those communities that agree to establish
permanent revolving funds for conservation-related investments to help
them establish the rules of such funds and transfer best practices on
accounting and management practices.Component 3. Biological Monitoring and
EvaluationProject implementation monitoring would be carried out
-7 -



throughout the project implementation period to follow both physical
execution as well as biodiversity changes over time. An important aspect
of this component would be generating the needed information to assess the
viability of the biodiversity conservation areas being established.
Participatory evaluation studies would be designed and carried out to
document social organizational processes and issues. An important part of
the M&E system would be the Integrated Information System (SII), an
interactive and dynamic geo-referenced data base. Evaluation activities
would include an initial review at the end of the second year and a
midterm review at the end of the fourth year, which would be carried out
to assess project experience and make adjustments as needed in project
design. All biodiversity monitoring data generated through this project
will be forwarded into the Clearing House Mechanism (CHM) that the GOM is
developing to provide decentralized access to biodiversity conservation
information.Component 4: National Coordination This component would
finance the costs of the national coordination unit, the national
oversight committee, the supervision and monitoring activities,
establishment of the legal and conceptual framework for community
conservation as a valid protected areas model, and reporting to the
Government and the Bank. Evaluation and dissemination activities would
include documenting project lessons and sharing these findings with other
community and indigenous groups in Mexico and the Latin American region,
to facilitate cross-fertilization of experiences with innovative programs
across states and elsewhere in Latin America (e.g., Argentina, Peru,
Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Central America, etc.).
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
GOVERNMENT                       3.9
IBRD                             2.6
IDA
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY      7.5
LOCAL GOVTS. (PROV., DISTRICT,
CITY) OF BORROWING COUNTRY       3
OTHER SOURCES (UNIDENTIFIED)     1.7
Total Project Cost               18.7
6. Implementation
Institutional Arrangements:As a result of a participatory process of
project design involving community, NGO, academic and government
stakeholders, it was decided that the project should have (i) a high level
of community decision-making and a flexible role in modifying the criteria
for project operation; and (ii) a minimum technical and strategic
oversight by government to ensure institutionalization of the community
conservation model.Project Coordination and Management. The project will
be implemented (under the general direction of SEMARNAP) by state
committees and coordinators which represent the participating communities
and ejidos (see Annex 14). Each state committee would establish small
state coordination units with a coordinator responsible for carrying out
the project. Implementation is therefore decentralized to the three
states. The state committees will have six members; three representing the
communities, one representing the SEMARNAP delegation in the state, one
representing the state government, and one representing the NGO/academic
environment sector. Each representative will be selected by its sector
with a term in office to be agreed by the committee. Each sector will be
- 8 -



responsible for deciding the selection rules for their representative(s).
In Oaxaca, the communities and ejidos have tentatively decided that one
representative will be selected by the communities from each of three
regions included in the project area. In Michoacan, there is likely to be
a similar regionalization of the representatives from ejidos and
communities. There will be no prior decision on the chair of the
committee. These internal rules of order will be determined by the
committees. Each state coordinator will have responsibility for
procurement and expenditures related to consultants, promotion and
packaging of the community subproject proposals to be submitted to the
committees for review. The state coordinator will also be accountable for
supervision and monitoring of the subprojects that have been approved and
that are under implementation, as well as reporting requirements for M&E,
evaluation, and financial reporting. The coordination units at state level
will liaise closely with the PROCYMAF coordination units and promotional
staff to ensure consistency in technical information and to avoid
duplication of resources for activities that PROCYMAF or PRODEFOR can
finance under the loan and government resources. Overall implementation
programming and progress will be assigned to a national oversight
committee, supported by a national coordinator. The national coordinator
will assist in establishing the three state committees and in identifying
the coordinators who will support the state committees. The national
coordinator will have resources assigned for monitoring and evaluation,
financial reporting, and special studies, as well as operational expenses
for travel in the three states. The national committee will include
community representatives of the three state-level committees, PROCYMAF
(SEMARNAP), the National Council for Natural Protected Areas (CONANP), the
National Biodiversity Institute (CONABIO), the National Forestry Advisory
Group (CONAF), with additional observers including NAFIN, the academic
sector and other personnel from SEMARNAP. Civil society representatives
will be selected by their sector, and will have a rotational appointment
as agreed by the committee. The four coordinators will be recruited by
the financial administrator in consultation with SEMARNAP and state-level
stakeholders. Terms of reference for these and the administrator positions
will be included in the operational manual. In addition, the financial
administrator will recruit full or part-time financial accountants at the
national and state level to generate financial and progress reports and
records and prepare project financial management reports (PMRs). The
financial administrator would recruit and hire the coordination staff on
the basis of job profiles developed in the operational manual and in
consultation with SEMARNAP and state stakeholders. A government resolution
at federal level will be needed to establish the national and state level
committees and mandate their authority over their respective
coordinators. In the event of disagreements, the national coordinator
will resolve disputes at state level. SEMARNAP will have representation
on the four committees, which will be the PROCYMAF project coordinator or
their equivalent at both national and state levels. SEMARNAP will also be
responsible for ensuring that proposed subprojects are in compliance with
the Bank's environmental assessment requirements. Where activities are
similar to those in PROCYMAF, standard TORs with environmental criteria
will be provided to the beneficiaries and the committee. Where extraction
of products is contemplated, SEMARNAP has responsibility by law to ensure
that communities are managing the resource according to an agreed action
plan. The underlying rationale of the project is that communities will
have the incentive to undertake conservation initiatives in the hope of an
-9-



international certification, which automatically implies that the World
Bank's EA requirements would be met, should this rationale be correct.
Financial Administrator. NAFIN will be the recipient of the grant
resources for administrative purposes, and provide oversight as well as
technical assistance on financial management to the four coordination
units (three state and one national). The financial administrator will
house the national coordination unit and disburse resources from a special
account to be set up for administration of the grant money. The financial
administrator will be in charge of procurement and payments related to the
coordination staff at both levels (coordinators and administrators).
Based on an annual operation plan (POA), coordinators at the different
levels will procure goods and services under agreed procedures and
arrangements, but NAFIN will process payments and transfers (including
resources for the necessary operational expenses and hiring of consultants
and technical assistance).In order to be in full compliance with Bank
requirements per OP/BP 10.02, a certified specialist carried out a
financial management assessment of NAFIN-executing agency. The conclusion
of this review is that NAFIN, the financial administrator of the funds,
would be certified as 4-b in the case of this project, since the financial
management system of NAFIN is compliant with the Bank's requirements, but
the specific system that will be established under the project at national
and state levels has not yet been put in place, nor the staff
(administrators) hired. The administrators would, however, follow
modified NAFIN standards. NAFIN has considerable experience with execution
of this type of project; it is currently implementing two Bank projects
(an IDF grant and a GEF project) and is the financial agency for 14
existing WB-financed projects. The project implementing unit in NAFIN
(NAFIN-executing agency) will be satisfactorily integrated into the Bank
regarding staffing as well as MIS, internal controls, procedures and
financial management, as was done for the above mentioned Bank projects.
NAFIN standards are adequate at this stage for Board
presentation.NAFIN-executing agency is taking actions to have an MIS which
will produce quarterly PMRs and eventually allow for PMRs-based
disbursements. Traditional disbursement methods (SOEs, special commitments
and direct payments) will be used until NAFIN is ready to adopt the
Financial Management Initiative (FMI) to disburse based on
PMRs.Disbursement and Flow of Funds. A Special Account in US dollars with
an initial deposit of US$0.4 million would be established in NAFIN. This
special account will be replenished and will be used for all transactions
with a value of less than 20t of the amount advanced to the Special
Account. Traditional documentation requirements apply for direct payments,
special commitments and statements of expenditures (SOEs). If project is
converted to PMR-based disbursement methodology, disbursement procedures
should be in line with the Financial Management Initiative (FMI).
NAFIN-executing agency, in coordination with NAFIN-financial agency, would
prepare the necessary documentation for prompt disbursements.The financial
administrator will establish, as above mentioned, a Special Account
created for the purpose of the community conservation initiative.
State-level operating accounts would be established in local currency (MXN
- Mexican pesos) for channeling GEF resources to the state level units.
Four accounts would therefore be established: (i) the first account would
cover coordinating and management costs at the regional and state level,
including direct expenditures incurred by the coordination units, such as
consultant fees, travel and subsistence of staff and consultants, M&E
studies, and training and capacity-building activities contracted for more
- 10 -



than one state; (ii) the three other accounts would be established at the
state level to cover the costs in the annual operating plan for community
subprojects, including studies and investments in conservation areas,
sustainable use activities, consultant technical assistance, and training
and capacity-building, as authorized by the state committees. The
financial administrator would release funds upon authorization of the
respective committee, on the signature of the coordinator, who would have
legal authority derived from the financial administrator's legal
authority.The above-mentioned operating accounts will be used for project
transactions, and will be replenished on a monthly basis. The amount to be
transferred from the Special Account to these accounts must be only the
estimated amount necessary to cover one month of eligible expenditures. It
is important to indicate that NAFIN will be in charge of all payments
regarding project operations.Auditing. NAFIN-executing agency will
maintain records, accounts, files and project documentation, and will
produce standard financial statements (including those for the Special
Account) according to International Accounting Standards. As required by
the Bank, project operations will be audited annually in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards and procedures consistently applied,
by an independent and qualified auditor (based on Bank guidelines and TOR
for auditing). The audit report (including financial statements, auditor's
opinions, and information on internal controls and compliance with laws,
regulations and agreements) will be sent to the Bank within six months
after each audited fiscal year.Initial and Midterm Review. As will be
specified in the Operational Manual for the project, an initial review
would be carried out toward the end of the second year to evaluate needed
adjustments in the project implementation arrangements and design
including: (a) project scope; (b) selection criteria for communities,
particularly to ensure that communities most in need of resources are
selected if there is excess demand for project funds; (c) responsibilities
of the state and regional committees and role of communities in project
decision-making; and (d) viability of clusters of conservation areas and
alliances across communities. Government staff of the associated PROCYMAF
and PRODEFOR projects along with state protected areas and conservation
agency authorities would participate. There would be a participatory
evaluation mechanism for consultation with communities at the local level
and to design the evaluation framework. Indicators would be revised at
this time as well, if needed. A midterm review would be carried out at the
end of the fourth year for a full assessment of the model and any
adjustments needed in project design.
7. Sustainability
The project is based upon community-driven approaches to biodiversity
conservation that would be sustainable over time because it implements
demand-driven activities and participating communities are self-selecting.
The project also is based on experience that training and capacity
building has more long-term impacts when the communities themselves are
the catalysts to transfer knowledge and skills. Leader communities will
play a training role which can be sustained after project completion.The
project will test a number of institutional mechanisms for ensuring
sustainability of the conservation areas and clusters of contiguous areas,
and also mechanisms to generate funds for conservation activities through
the sustainable use of biodiversity.    The communal statutes are legal
documents when recorded in the National Property Registry (RAN) in
accordance with Agrarian Law and the current National Constitution. State
- 11 -



law in Oaxaca also endorses the customary uses and practices of
communities as embodied in the communal statutes. The sustainable use
component will implement subprojects that can be certified for green
marketing purposes, thereby increasing the economic return and market
scope of these activities for communities. The diversification of
sustainable use activities and strengthening of management planning should
provide access of communities to donor and foundation resources for
conservation, as well as provide long-term economic incentives to
communities to preserve their resource and biodiversity values, thereby
promoting their continued investment in this conservation. Financial
sustainability of community conservation should be reasonable, since much
of the investment required is in the form of community labor, not cash,
and this is input is consistent with long-standing, traditional indigenous
systems of labor exchange for community maintenance.The project includes
two mechanisms to guarantee the institutional and financial sustainability
of the community conservation initiatives. First it is expected that the
state level committees and their coordinating units will develop the
capacity to be converted to civil associations or non-governmental
organizations by the end of the project. Technical assistance has been
built in to the terms of reference of the financial agent so that
coordination units can develop this capacity. Second, the grant
reimbursement modality included in the community investments component
enables communities to endow permanent conservation funds. The Oaxaca fund
has been created and similar funds are expected to be established in
Michoacan and Guerrero during the life of the project, which would channel
state and federal funds to conservation activities as well as build the
financial credibility of communities for relations with national and
international donors involved in green funds and conservation issues both
within and outside of Mexico, thereby promoting long-term sustainability.
Ongoing financing is not expected to be a difficulty as long as
communities have the capacity to present viable proposals.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The recent lessons from the 1999 GEF portfolio review coincide well with
the lessons learned in Mexico related to community-based conservation:
The first lesson is the need for full community involvement is all stages
of project design, implementation and monitoring and evaluation. The
Community Forestry Project, PROCYMAF, is in its third year of
implementation and is proving that full community involvement is an
effective strategy for improving natural resource manage-ment and
conservation by communities and ejidos. The proposed COINBIO project is
continuing this approach in both the preparation and implementation
phases. The second lesson is that conservation efforts need to be combined
with activities aimed at meeting socio-economic needs. This is fully
consistent with the project design approach of providing incentives for
community-based conservation by complementing protection with sustainable
use in adjacent landscapes. The third lesson (from the GEF PIR FY99
report) is that effective biodiversity conservation requires flexible,
long-term approaches that build in adaptive management based on feedback
from experience. The project design reflects this lesson in two ways: (a)
first, by targeting project activities to the organizational capacity of
the communities concerned and selecting communities for conservation
actions on the basis of their level of capacity and interest; and (b)
second, by including progressive grant financing tailored to the long-term
commitment and capacity of the communities and providing experience that
- 12 -



enables more advanced communities and the state committees to capture
matching resources from local and international conservation donors and
from venture capital sources after the project ends.The last lesson is the
need to give attention to the broader political and socio-economic
environment within which activities take place. This is consistent with
PROCYMAF experience as to: (a) the value of choosing communities where
incentives for natural resource management are embodied in cultural and
social authority structures; and (b) the importance of tailoring the
program to the individual state level, with strong ownership and
implementation by the state authorities, rather than designing a federal
program using a more generic approach. The proposed COINBIO project
purposely builds on the traditional authority structures and estatutos
comunales at the local level, and supports the reform framework
established for the forestry and conservation sectors at the federal
levels.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  In preparing the EA (Annex 13), information, maps
and data available from previous assessments conducted for the PROCYMAF
project were analyzed. TORs were prepared for the consultant responsible
for developing the set of criteria to be used for identifying project
sites in the three states. Secondary statistical and biological
information was collected from CONABIO to complement data collected in the
site identification study. This information was analyzed in conjunction
with data generated through the social assessment for this project in
order to produce a set of socio-economic information about potential
project sites that overlapped with biological data developed during the
environmental assessment. This data was used to identify priority sites
for project implementation. Standard TORs from PROCYMAF that can be used
when appropriate, already include environmental assessment criteria for
most types of activities, and there is a procedure that was followed with
pilot non-timber forest product projects for environmental assessment and
monitoring. The project structure would follow established SEMARNAP
(PROFEPA-environmental controller) and PROCYMAF procedures in that regard.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Augusta Molnar
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 473-1894
Fax:   (202) 522-0262
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
- 13 -



Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending November
3, 2000.
- 14 -



