           International Bank for Reconstruction and Development   87633
                    International Development Association
                       International Finance Corporation
                  Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                          FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                          CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                     EDS98-256
                                                                    June 1, 1998


Board Meeting of June 2, 1998
Statement by Juan L. Cariaga
               Mongolia - Country Assistance Strategy and
                  Fiscal Technical Assistance Project
Overview

   We would express our appreciation for this objective assessment of
economic and social, as well as political developments in Mongolia in
recent years. The Country Assistance Strategy (CAS) presents a
comprehensive summary of the most important of these, including
treatment of crosscutting issues, and describes how the World Bank
Group, in partnership with other organizations, can help accelerate
growth and contribute to Mongolia’s economic transition.
   We are encouraged by the government’s impressive commitment to far
reaching economic reform without ambiguity in spite of the challenges
and social resistance that exists. This attitude will help to create
an enabling environment for private sector development, which will be
the foundation for sustained growth. Continuing this strategy will be
an important factor in support of the Bank’s own assistance scenarios.
   Although we endorse this CAS and the accompanying Fiscal Technical
Assistance Project, we would like to offer some comments and
observations that we hope will also be useful:
General Observations

     First, the importance and usefulness given to broad consultations
with various policymakers and others aimed at identifying and
developing better products and outputs struck us most forcefully. We
believe it important that the CAS process draws upon a diversity of
views, as this one does, including those of the government,
politicians, NGOs, private groups and other donors. In particular, we
appreciated Box 1 of the CAS, which provides a summary of the key
issues discussed and a breakdown of conclusions and recommendations,
both overall and by specific groups and organizations.   Even though
there is unhappiness with some of the pace and effects of the economic
reform process, the broad societal agreement about the basic direction
seems to be a result of this effort to reach consensus.
     Consultation with government and civil society has strengthened
ownership and provided a rich feedback, which has been built into the
CAS. As a result of those discussions the CAS for Mongolia was able
to better address and incorporate the concerns of the different groups
consulted, including on the development agenda, the lending and
                                   2


nonlending programs, and the efficiency of service delivery.   Among
the concerns expressed by these groups and discussed in the CAS are
questions of how to efficiently tackle the problem of poverty
reduction, improvement of living standards, employment generation and
targeted social assistance.
     Such input not only contributes to ownership but we believe it
also helps to better inform the preparation of projects and proposals.
We congratulate both staff and government authorities for this and we
recommend that this approach should be used more often. With this
approach we find that the overall assistance strategy and objectives
(macroeconomic stabilization, facilitating private sector development,
investment in infrastructure and promotion of greater equity in
development) is better able to support the government’s primary goal
of reducing poverty.

     The volatility of commodity terms of trade is an issue requiring
attention, not only through prudent fiscal management, but also
through seeking diversification. Otherwise, this fragility can offset
achievements elsewhere in the economy. We are encouraged that the
government’s 1996-2000 policy agenda largely reflects these
challenges.
     An area that we suggest needs continuing attention is the
financial sector, not only through a better regulatory framework, but
also through more competition to bring down interest rates in real
terms. Financial intermediation and savings improvement will assist
private sector development, especially if the possibility of long term
financial resources is improved.
     As a transitional economy, Mongolia is challenged by increased
poverty, income inequalities and unemployment, some of which is gender
specific, even though Mongolian society enjoys relative gender
equality. The safety net of health and education services has
deteriorated as a result of a reduction in fiscal expenditures. Labor
markets are depressed and unemployment is largely caused by a
restructuring of enterprises.
     In this situation, and as in other transitional economies, there
appears to be a growing and vigorous informal sector. As elsewhere,
we would urge that consideration be given to seeking tax and other
initiatives that will regularize this sector and allow it to
contribute to fiscal stability.
     Nevertheless, the CAS also highlights certain important problems,
including low national savings, which are insufficient to finance the
country’s investment requirements, and the growth required to diminish
the high number of households below the poverty line. We are pleased
that the government intends to halve the number of poor households by
early next century. Realization of this aim will be a function of
sustained growth resulting in job creation and continued support for
private sector development.
     In view of the great need for infrastructure development in
Mongolia, we believe support of such projects is an appropriate method
to stimulate growth and private sector development. We also note that
there is a deliberate absence of Bank programs in the health and
                                   3


education sectors and would appreciate a fuller explanation as to the
reasons for this.
     The Bank Group program envisages Mongolia remaining in IDA-only
status and includes lending, various non-lending services and demand-
driven IDA guarantees. It foresees an increase in lending to around
$35 million per year, on average, depending on improved macroeconomic
management, structural reforms and portfolio performance. We endorse
the base case strategy outlined for eight lending operations, which
assumes continued strong government commitment to reform and political
stability, as well as the alternative scenarios outlined in the event
of slippage or external shocks.
     We would also support the IDA initiative to hold an Investor’s
Conference on agroindustry and tourism, jointly with FIAS, IFC and
MIGA. This type of meeting can help the authorities to more
efficiently promote economic sectors in order to attract and mobilize
FDI, needed for the development of specific export oriented projects.
     We also strongly support Bank’s coordination and close
collaboration with other donor countries and international
organizations. Establishment of a Resident Mission in 1998 will
facilitate this task, and also improve program implementation and
monitoring. We welcome this and understand the Mission is to be
opened officially in June.

Economic Considerations and CAS Risks
      The privatization process of remaining state-owned industries
should continue. Perhaps the engagement of IFC could accelerate this
strategy and ensure transfer of remaining state assets to the private
sector. Steps in the right direction are the rationalization of food
prices and the adjustment of energy prices, reducing the need for
subsidies. New central bank and commercial banking laws as well as
the introduction of new corporate taxes, a value added tax (VAT) and
mining law will hopefully mean that domestic financing of a budget
deficit will not be necessary, allowing domestic credit to the private
sector to expand.
     We were pleased to see that growth resumed in 1994, after some
years of decline. These achievements were possible due to improvement
in macroeconomic management and a strong commitment from authorities
to deepening and implementing structural reforms. Nevertheless, in
spite of this, it is also apparent that much remains to be done in
many areas, especially as regards the high level of poverty.
     In order to ensure sustained economic growth it is important that
Mongolia diversify its exports, reach new markets and attract higher
levels of FDI. In view of this, we believe it appropriate that there
be more involvement by IFC in the promotion of private sector
development, as was also asked by private sector representatives
consulted in the preparation of the CAS.
     Mongolia is endowed with vast natural resources, especially
minerals. This has helped to attract investments and to expand
exports. However, this situation has also meant a dependency on world
markets and world market prices. The prospects for growth will be
                                      4


determined by the external environment, its ability to diversity
exports and to integration into international markets and attract
higher levels of FDI. Trade data shows an improvement in this regard,
but it poses a difficult challenge for the management of external
influences. More integration into the world economy should help to
bring improvement in the terms of trade.
   As mentioned in the CAS, one of the main risks remains the
unsustainable debt level associated with a disputed TR10.5 billion
transferable ruble debt to Russia. Can staff comment on which is the
most realistic scenario that may be expected for resolution of this
question.
   The impact of East Asian crisis has been limited for Mongolia, but
we would appreciate an update on this as well as any additional staff
views on envisioned future impact if the crisis is not resolved.
Specifically, how would this affect exports and flow of FDI to the
country?
Fiscal Technical Assistance Project
   The proposed fiscal technical assistance project addresses the need
for improving the government’s financial management system as well as
establishing a more effective, non-distorting system of value-added
tax (VAT) collection for goods and services. This project is part of
a broader effort to support the Mongolian government’s Public
Administration Reform. There are a number of possible controversial
aspects to this program, including questions as to whether it enjoys
broad support from pertinent agencies as well as other stakeholders.
The opposition political party has sought more time for evaluation.
We have seen that this has caused problems when implementing public
sector reform in other countries. Another risk that is identified is
that a significant part of government banking services are expected to
be handled by a limited number of viable banks, creating possibilities
for conflicts of interest.
   Nevertheless, we also note that there is strong political commitment
from the highest levels of the government, which has undertaken an
extensive effort to develop public support and that a great deal of
startup activity has already occurred. In view of this, as well as
the evident need for improvement in the government’s financial
management system, we believe that this project merits our
endorsement.
               - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
   Finally, we would like to wish the Government of Mongolia and its
people every success in the implementation of this Country Assistance
Strategy and express our hopes that it will soon bring important
economic growth and developmental benefits to all the people of
Mongolia.
