         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development    87630
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                    EDS98-248
                                                                   June 1, 1998


Board Meeting of June 2, 1998
Statement by Young-Hoi Lee
              Mongolia - Country Assistance Strategy and
                 Fiscal Technical Assistance Project

     On behalf of my Mongolian authorities, I would like to thank
Management for producing a Country Assistance Strategy which reflects
the priorities of the Mongolian Government and provides a thoughtful
analysis of Mongolia's particular development challenges, constraints
and prospects.
     As many of you are aware, Mongolia despite its considerable
physical size, has a relatively small population of just 2.5 million.
The shock to the Mongolian economy from the sudden withdrawal of
significant financial and technical resources following the break-up
of the former Soviet Union (equal to 30% of GDP) together with the
collapse of the CMEA trading system was thus profound.
     Despite these shocks, Mongolia has chosen and persisted on a path
of democratisation and economic liberalisation.   This has not always
gone smoothly and the social costs of transition in terms of increased
poverty (36% of all households live below the poverty line) and
unemployment as well as declining levels of health and education
spending have been immense.
     With growth expected to increase to 5.5% per annum over the CAS
period, the Government's target to halve the number of poor households
by early next century and provide jobs for the 150,000 unemployed and
100,000 projected new entrants into the workforce can be achieved. To
achieve this goal will require macroeconomic stability, increased
availability of working capital and private sector development.    The
Government will also need to manage the economy’s vulnerability to
external shocks.
     The strategy outlined in the CAS will enable the Bank to play a
key role, in conjunction with other sources of assistance and finance,
in assisting the Mongolian Government to meet these challenges.
                                    2



       I would like to highlight the following points in relation to the
CAS:

       (i)   Government Changes
     On 16 April 1998, the General Committee of the Mongolian National
Democratic Party and the Political Committee of the Mongolian Social
Democratic Party concluded that the Head of the Coalition, who is also
a Member of the Parliament, should be the Prime Minister.     Together
with other changes, this reflected a change in which Cabinet Ministers
would be chosen from the ranks of elected Parliamentary members. The
bureaucratic and administration structures did not change.
     The Minister for Finance has assured us, on behalf of the
Government, that the new Cabinet will continue with the reforms
started by the previous Government and has reaffirmed their commitment
to the CAS.
       (ii) Macroeconomic Stability and IMF ESAF Program
     An IMF mission which concluded on the weekend reviewed the
successful implementation of economic policies in 1997.    The success
in 1997, however, masked the impact of the sharp fall in export prices
in late 1997 and early 1998 and its effect on the Mongolian economy.
In the first part of 1998, the impact of the terms of trade
deterioration was very severe - tax collections slowed abruptly and
financial performance was considerably weaker than expected.       The
Government of Mongolia and Mongolbank remain prepared to take any
further measures, in consultation with Fund staff, that become
necessary to ensure the success of the ESAF program which commenced in
July 1997.
       (iii) Poverty Reduction, Strategic Selectivity and Partnerships
     Mongolia suffers from severe rates of poverty.    The Government
has in place a multisectoral National Human Development Plan which
seeks to reduce poverty. In helping to achieve this goal, the Asian
Development Bank has taken the lead role in providing technical
assistance and financing, supported by UN organisations and bilateral
donors, in the health and education sectors and in social protection
programs.

     The strong role of the ADB in these and other sectors such as
agriculture, energy and public administration is expected to continue
with an indicative lending program of $278 million between 1998-2001.
Support from bilateral donors is also expected to continue.
     The Bank has provided direct assistance to alleviate the social
impacts of the transition (e.g., Protection of Vulnerable Groups
credit).   Recognising the role, experience and plans of the ADB and
other donors, the CAS provides for a balance between high priority
programs in the financial, energy and transport sectors to generate
growth with operations in direct poverty reduction and community
development. In this respect, the Mongolian Government has stressed
its priority for Bank assistance on the development of infrastructure,
especially roads in particular regions.
                                      3


     As reflected in the CAS, Mongolia provides an excellent example
of donor coordination. The proposed Bank strategy also demonstrates a
mature approach to selectivity in a country where the Bank is not the
largest donor.
Fiscal Technical Assistance Project
     The proposed Fiscal Technical Assistance Project will provide
highly   strategic  assistance   to  strengthen   the  efficiency   and
accountability of the public financial system and to assist introduce
a more effective, non-distortive system of revenue mobilisation.
Through this project, the Bank is supporting a key component of the
broader public sector reform program being assisted by a number of
multilateral and bilateral donors.      This project has the strong
support of the Mongolian authorities and is a key linchpin for the
realisation of Mongolia's development strategy over the CAS period.
Donors’ Meeting
     The Government is eager to stage the next donors' meeting as soon
as possible (the last was held in October 1997). While normally held
every 18 months, a further meeting in the Fall would serve to provide
important international support and backing for Mongolia's reform
effort.
     In conclusion, I would also like to request that, where possible,
additional IDA lending be made available to further assist Mongolia
meet its substantial investment needs.    Consistent with IDA lending
policies, consideration for additional resources should be subject to
performance or provided in response to the triggers for a high case
lending scenario put forward in the CAS.
     Thank                                                        you.
