Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2947 ME
                Fovi Project Agreement
               (Housing Finance Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                    BANCO DE MEXICO
               Dated September 28, 1988
                                   LOAN NUMBER  2947 ME
                FOVI PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated September 18, 1988, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO DE MEXICO (Banxico), as trustee for
Fondo de Operacion y Financiamiento Bancario a la
Vivienda (FOVI).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred million
dollars ($300,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that
Banxico agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of
even date herewith between the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the
Guarantor) and the Bank, the Guarantor has agreed to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as are
set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
     (C) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and Banxico, the proceeds of
Page  2
the Loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to Banxico on the terms and conditions set
forth in said subsidiary loan agreement; and
     WHEREAS Banxico, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree As
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Preamble to, and Section
1.02 of, the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) Banxico declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project and to this end, shall
carry out Parts A and B.2 of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement with due diligence and
efficiency, in conformity with sound technical and
financial practices, and in accordance with the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement and the
Mandatory Housing Lending Regulations, and shall make
available, in a timely manner, such funds and other
resources as shall be required for the execution of Parts
A and B.2 of the Project.
     (b)  Banxico shall enter into and duly perform all
of its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement
referred to in Section 3.01 of the Guarantee Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Banxico shall
not change or fail to enforce any provision of such
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     (c)  Banxico shall, for purposes of carrying out
Parts A and B.2 of the Project, open and maintain in
pesos, a Project Account on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank.  Expenditures from such account
shall be made exclusively for onlending of funds to
Financial Intermediaries for purposes of making FOVI
Subloans.
     Section 2.02. (a) Banxico undertakes that unless the
Bank shall otherwise agree, each FOVI Subloan shall be
made on terms whereby Banxico shall, by a written
agreement with the Financial Intermediary, obtain rights
and secure obligations adequate to protect the interests
of the Bank and FOVI, including, without limitation, the
rights and obligations set forth in Section 3.01 (a)
(iii) of the Loan Agreement and the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     (b)  Banxico shall cause each Financial intermediary
to exercise its rights in relation to each FOVI Subloan
in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the
Bank, Banxico and FOVI; (ii) comply with its obligations
in respect of each FOVI Subloan; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project.
Page  3
     Section 2.03. (a) Banxico shall, on a twice-yearly
basis and at the request of any party, exchange views
with the Bank with regard to the progress of the Program,
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes
of the Loan.
     (b)  Banxico shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes,, or threatens to interfere
with, the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by Banxico
of its obligations under this Agreement.
     Section 2.04.  Banxico shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance, and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts A and B.2
of the Project.
     Section 2.05.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and works required for
Parts A and B.2 of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed 'by the
provisions of paragraph 1 (d) of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.06.  Banxico shall:
     (a)  by March 31, 1989, carry out and complete the
test-marketing program referred to in Part B.2 of the
Project;
     (b)  by June 30, 1989, review the results of the
program with the Guarantor and the Bank; and
     (c)   promptly thereafter take all measures,
necessary or appropriate, to finance Test Houses
consistent with the results of such program.
     Section 2.08. (a) Banxico shall, within twelve
months of the Effective Date of the Loan, and at such
other times as the Bank shall reasonably request, review
with the Bank the selling prices in relation to market
conditions prevailing for Eligible Houses
in the area in which such Eligible Houses were sold.
     (b)  If, as a result of any such review, it is
determined by the Bank that additional measures are
necessary or appropriate to ensure that such selling
prices reflect market conditions, then Banxico shall take
all such measures within a reasonable period of time.
     Section 2.09. Banxico shall promptly give notice to
the Bank of any changes in:
          (i)  the provisions of the Mandatory Housing
               Lending Regulations related  to the
               making of FOVI Subloan; or
          (ii) the FOVI Trust Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) Banxico shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices FOVI's operations and financial
condition, including separate records and accounts
Page  4
reflecting the resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project.
     (b)  Banxico shall:
          (i)  have the accounts referred to in (a)
               above, including the Project Account, and
               financial statements of FOVI (balance
               sheets, statements of income and expenses
               and related statements) for each fiscal
               year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A) a
               certified copy of such financial
               statements for such year as so audited;
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said accounts
               and financial statements as well as
               the audit thereof and said records,
               as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals f rom the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, Banxico shall:
          (i)  maintain, in accordance with paragraph
               (a) of this Section, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section And that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
Page  5
becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of Banxico thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given. or made under this Agreement and
any. agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at
such party's address hereinafter specified or at such
other address as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request.  The addresses go specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
         Cable address:                 Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                              64145 (WUI)
     FAX:  (202) 477-6391
     For Banxico:
          Banco de Mexico
          5 de Mayo No. 2
          06059 Mexico, D.F. Mexico
     Cable address:
          BANXICO
          Mexico 1, D.F. Mexico
     FAX:  512-9990
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Banxico, may
be taken or executed by its Director General or such
other person or persons as the Director General shall
designate in writing, and Banxico shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties.hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany,
Page  6
as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR 
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By
                                 Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the Caribbean
                         BANCO DE MEXICO
                         (as TRUSTEE for FONDO DE OPERACION Y
                         FINANCIAMIENTO BANCARIO A LA VIVIENDA)
                         By
                                   Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Terms and Conditions of FOVI Subloans
1.   General terms and conditions of FOVI Subloans,
     Except as provided below in paragraph 2 hereof, and
     unless otherwise agreed by the Bank, all FOVI
     Subloans shall be made in accordance with the
     Mandatory Housing Lending Regulations and
     specifically with Telex Circular No. 28/88.
2.   Specific terms and conditions of FOVI Subloans:
     (a)  Amount Financed
          (i)  The amount of a Construction Subloan
               shall not exceed 80% of the selling price
               of an Eligible House, multiplied by the
               number of Eligible Houses being
               constructed.
          (ii) The amount of a Purchase Subloan shall
               not exceed 90% of the selling price of an
               Eligible House.
     (b)  Amortization
          Repayments of FOVI Subloans shall be made in
          monthly payments determined and adjusted in
          accordance with the Mandatory Housing Lending
          Regulations.  In any event, the total
          repayment period of a FOVI Subloan shall not
          exceed 20 years.
     (c)  Interest Rate
          The annual interest rates charged on
          Construction Subloans and on Purchase Subloans
          shall be the FOVI Subloan Interest Rate, which
          shall be adjusted in accordance with the
          criteria established in the Mandatory Housing
          Lending Regulations.
Page  7
     (d)  Procurement
          Goods and works required to construct Eligible
          Houses financed by FOVI Subloans utilizing the
          proceeds of the Loan shall be procured at
          reasonable prices and in accordance with
          commercial practices, satisfactory to the
          Bank.
     (e)  Interest Capitalization
          No FOVI Subloan shall be subject to an
          Interest Capitalization Limitation.
3.   FOVI Subloans shall be made pursuant to written
     agreements between a Financial Intermediary and an
     Eligible Beneficiary.
     (a)  Each such agreement shall establish an
          Eligible Beneficiary's obligation: (i) in the
          case of the construction of an Eligible House
          or Eligible Houses, to carry out works with
          due diligence and efficiency, and in
          conformity with appropriate engineering
          practices, to ensure that required goods and
          works are purchased in accordance with the
          provisions of paragraph 2 (d) of this
          Schedule, and that such goods and works are
          used exclusively for the purposes of
          constructing such Eligible Houses; and (ii) in
          the case of acquisition of an Eligible House,
          to purchase such Eligible House for a price
          not exceeding the price range to which such
          Eligible Beneficiary is entitled pursuant to
          the Mandatory Housing Lending Regulations, and
          to ensure that the Eligible House is actually
          purchased by such Eligible Beneficiary.
     (b)  The agreement for a FOVI Subloan shall also
          include the rights of the Financial
          Intermediary and Banxico:
          (i)  to inspect, by themselves or jointly
               with.representatives of the Bank, if the
               Bank shall so request, such goods, sites
               and works, and the Eligible House
               financed under the FOVI Subloan;
          (ii) to obtain from the Eligible Beneficiary
               all such information as the Bank or
               Banxico shall reasonably request; and
         (iii) to suspend or terminate the right of
               the Eligible Beneficiary to use the
               proceeds of the FOVI Subloan, or to
               accelerate its maturity, upon
               failure by the Eligible
               Beneficiary-to perform any of its
               obligations under such agreement.
