Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3811-PE
                             Project Agreement
            (Lima Water Rehabilitation and Management Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
             SERVICIO DE AGUA POTABLE Y ALCANTARILLADO DE LIMA
                          Dated February 2, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3811-PE
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 2, 1995 between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and SERVICIO
DE AGUA POTABLE Y ALCANTARILLADO DE LIMA (SEDAPAL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Peru (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred and fifty million
Dollars ($150,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that SEDAPAL agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SEDAPAL (the First Subsidiary Loan
Agreement), the proceeds of the loan provided for under the
Loan Agreement will be relent to SEDAPAL on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SEDAPAL, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SEDAPAL declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering, technical,
and environmental practices and the Implementation Manual, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, SEDAPAL shall open, and thereafter operate and
maintain in a commercial bank, a project account (the Project
Account) under terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
SEDAPAL shall deposit in such account the counterpart funds
necessary to carry out the Project in such amounts and at such
intervals as specified in schedules, satisfactory to the Bank,
to be submitted by SEDAPAL to the Bank on March 31, June 30,
September 30 and December 31 of each year of Project execution.
      (c)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and SEDAPAL shall
otherwise agree, SEDAPAL shall carry out the Project until the
review referred to in Section 2.10 of this Agreement in
accordance with the Management Agreement for 1995. After such
review, SEDAPAL shall carry out the Project, alternatively: (i)
through the Concessionaire in accordance with the Concession
Contract and the Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement; or (ii) in
accordance with the respective Management Agreements. SEDAPAL
shall, as the case may be, duly perform all its obligations
under the Concession Contract, Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement
and Management Agreements. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, SEDAPAL shall not amend, abrogate, terminate, waive or
fail to enforce the Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
Management Agreements or any provision thereof.
      (d)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a)
above, SEDAPAL shall enter into an agreement with SNSS, under
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, providing for
the participation and responsibilities of SNSS in the
implementation of Part D.1 (d) of the Project. SEDAPAL shall
duly perform all its obligations under the SNSS Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, SEDAPAL shall not
amend, abrogate, terminate, waive or fail to enforce the SNSS
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (e)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a)
above, SEDAPAL shall enter into annual Management Agreements
with the Borrower, through its Ministry of Presidency, as long
as SEDAPAL has not awarded the Concession Contract. SEDAPAL
shall duly perform all of its obligations under the Management
Agreements. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, SEDAPAL
shall not amend, abrogate, assign, terminate, waive or fail to
enforce the Management Agreements or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
Page  3
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SEDAPAL shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and the Project.
      Section 2.04. SEDAPAL shall duly perform all its
obligations under the First Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, SEDAPAL shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning, terminating, waiving or failing to
enforce the First Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SEDAPAL shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, the First Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the Management
Agreements, the Concession Contract, the Second Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, as applicable, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   SEDAPAL shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Loan, or the performance by SEDAPAL of its obligations
under this Agreement, the First Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the
Management Agreements, the Concession Contract and the Second
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, as applicable.
      Section 2.06. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, SEDAPAL shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Bank not later than six
(6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the Bank, a
plan, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
reasonably request, for the future operation of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to exchange
views with SEDAPAL on said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out or cause to be carried out said
plan with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
appropriate practices, taking into account the Bank's comments
thereon.
      Section 2.07. (a) SEDAPAL shall operate and maintain,
during Project implementation, the PCC and the PMU with
functions and responsibilities satisfactory to the Bank.
      (b)   SEDAPAL shall ensure that the PCC and PMU are at all
times headed by a qualified professional and assisted by staff
in adequate numbers and with qualifications satisfactory to the
Bank.
      Section 2.08. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 9.07 (a) (iii) of the General Conditions, SEDAPAL shall
prepare and furnish to the Bank, not later than March 31, June
30, September 30 and December 31 of each year of Project
execution, starting on March 31, 1995, a quarterly progress
report of such scope and in such detail as the Bank may
reasonably request on the progress of the Project during the
quarter preceding the date of presentation of such report.
      (b)   SEDAPAL shall prepare and furnish to the Bank not
later than November 30 of each year of Project execution, an
annual operating plan providing for the activities,
Page  4
implementation schedule, physical targets and budget in respect
of the Project during the upcoming year. As long as SEDAPAL has
not entered into the Concession Contract, said plan shall be
provided to the Bank for its review and approval. After the
signing of the Concession Contract, SEDAPAL shall provide said
plans to the Bank in the manner agreed upon during the review
referred to in Section 2.10 of this Agreement.
      (c)   SEDAPAL shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the annual operating plans referred to in paragraph (b)
above as long as SEDAPAL has not entered into the Concession
Contract. After the signing of the Concession Contract, SEDAPAL
shall cause the Concessionaire to carry out said plans in the
manner agreed upon during the review referred to in Section
2.10 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.09. Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 2.05 of this Agreement, SEDAPAL shall not later than
October 31 of each year of Project execution jointly review
with the Borrower and the Bank the progress made in carrying
out the Project and achieving its objectives based, inter alia,
on monitoring indicators satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.10. (a) SEDAPAL shall participate, jointly with
the Borrower and the Bank, in a comprehensive review, as
specified in paragraphs (b) or (d) below, to be held either:
            (i)   after announcement of the winning bidder for
                  the Concession Contract but prior to the
                  closing date of the Concession Contract, as
                  said date is defined in said contract; or
           (ii)   not later than December 31, 1995 or when the
                  aggregate of the proceeds of the Loan Account
                  and the total amount of commitments made to pay
                  amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in
                  respect of expenditures to be financed out of
                  the proceeds of the Loan shall have reached the
                  equivalent of $40,000,000, whichever comes
                  first, in the event that the Concession
                  Contract has not previously been awarded.
      (b)   In the event that SEDAPAL has awarded the Concession
Contract, as referred to in paragraph (a) (i) above, the review
shall focus, inter alia, on the investment and financing plans
proposed by the Concessionaire, the responsibilities of the
Concessionaire in Project implementation, the terms and
conditions for the transfer of Loan proceeds from SEDAPAL to
the Concessionaire, cancellation of Loan amounts, if
applicable, amendments to the Loan Agreement, this Agreement
and the First Subsidiary Loan Agreement, SEDAPAL's new
functions and responsibilities in the context of a concession,
monitoring indicators for the remainder of the Project in view
of the performance plan of the Concessionaire, counterpart fund
requirements for the execution of the institutional
strengthening component of the Project and other matters
related to Project implementation.
      (c)   In the case of (b) above, SEDAPAL shall, in
consultation with the Borrower, not later than thirty days
prior to the review, prepare and present to the Bank for its
approval a proposal to amend the Loan Agreement, the First
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and this Agreement, as may be
required.
      (d)   In the event that SEDAPAL has not awarded the
Concession Contract, the review shall focus, inter alia, on
SEDAPAL's future investment plans, changes in Project design
and implementation with particular emphasis on improving the
institutional capacity of SEDAPAL, terms and conditions of a
new Management Agreement, alternatives for private sector
participation in the provision of water supply and sewerage
Page  5
services for the Lima Metropolitan Area and other matters
related to the implementation of the Project.
      (e)   As part of the above review, and any of the reviews
referred to in Section 2.09 of this Agreement, the Bank may
require SEDAPAL and the Borrower, separately or jointly, to
prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, to make
adjustments in Project design and implementation. Such action
plan may include the execution of amendments to the Loan
Agreement, Project Agreement, First Subsidiary Loan Agreement
as well as the execution of new agreements for purposes of
implementing the Project. In the event that the Bank requires
SEDAPAL to prepare an action plan, SEDAPAL shall furnish such
action plan to the Bank not later than thirty days after the
conclusion of the review in question and shall thereafter carry
out such action plan in accordance with its terms.
                                ARTICLE III
                   Management and Operations of SEDAPAL
      Section 3.01. SEDAPAL shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering, technical and environmental practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. SEDAPAL shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property,
and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial, technical and environmental practices.
      Section 3.03. SEDAPAL shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SEDAPAL shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition,
including separate records and accounts reflecting the
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   SEDAPAL shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts (including the
                  Project Account) and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each
                  Fiscal Year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and
                  financial statements as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
Page  6
      Section 4.02. In order to enable the Borrower to comply
with the obligation set forth in Section 4.01 of the Loan
Agreement, SEDAPAL shall promptly furnish to the Borrower the
information and documentation required therefor.
      Section 4.03. As long as SEDAPAL has not awarded the
Concession Contract and except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree:
      (a)   SEDAPAL shall produce, for each of its Fiscal Years
after its Fiscal Year ending on December 31, 1994, funds from
internal sources equivalent to not less than 30% of the annual
average of SEDAPAL's capital expenditures incurred, or expected
to be incurred, for that year, the previous Fiscal Year and the
next following Fiscal Year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its Fiscal Years,
SEDAPAL shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by SEDAPAL
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) above in respect of
such year and the next following Fiscal Year and shall furnish
to the Bank a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that SEDAPAL would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) above for SEDAPAL's
Fiscal Years covered by such review, SEDAPAL shall promptly
take all necessary measures (including, without limitation,
seeking approval of adjustments of the structure or levels of
its rates) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means
                  the difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations, consumer deposits
                        and consumer contributions in aid of
                        construction, net non-operating income and
                        any reduction in working capital other
                        than cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance and taxes and
                        payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                        provision for depreciation and other non-
                        cash operating charges), debt service
                        requirements, all cash dividends and other
                        cash distributions of surplus, increase in
                        working capital other than cash and other
                        cash outflows other than capital
                        expenditures.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash"
                  means the difference between current assets
                  excluding cash and current liabilities at the
                  end of each Fiscal Year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
Page  7
                  cash within twelve months, including accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next Fiscal Year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                  liabilities which will become due and payable
                  or could under circumstances then existing be
                  called for payment within twelve months,
                  including accounts payable, customer advances,
                  debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                  in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                  and other charges on, debt.
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures on account of fixed assets,
                  including interest charged to construction,
                  related to operations.
         (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, SEDAPAL shall not incur any debt, unless the net
revenues of SEDAPAL for the Fiscal Year immediately preceding
the date of such incurrence or for a later twelve-month period
ended prior to the date of such incurrence, whichever is the
greater, shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated maximum debt
service requirements of SEDAPAL for any succeeding Fiscal Year
on all debt of SEDAPAL, including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
                  SEDAPAL maturing by its terms more than one
                  year after the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                  a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the
                  date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
                  date the agreement providing for such guarantee
                  has been entered into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations adjusted to take
                        account of SEDAPAL's rates in effect at
                        the time of the incurrence of debt even
                        though they were not in effect during the
                        twelve-month period to which such revenues
                        relate and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
Page  8
                        in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                        for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                  and other charges on, debt.
           (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section, it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.05. SEDAPAL shall submit evidence, satisfactory
to the Bank: (a) not later than December 31, 1995, showing that
the ratio of the number of SEDAPAL's permanent employees per
1,000 water connections is less than 2.5; and (b) not later
than December 31, 2000, showing that such same ratio is less
than 2.0. The above ratio shall be determined in accordance
with a methodology satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 4.06. (a) SEDAPAL shall carry out under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank and not later than December
31, 1995, a study on the amount and fiscal implications of a
fixed assets revaluation on the basis of current replacement
costs and useful assets life.
      (b)   Unless otherwise agreed with the Bank, SEDAPAL shall:
(i) in its Fiscal Year ending on December 31, 1995, revalue its
assets in accordance with the methods of valuation recommended
by the study carried out pursuant to paragraph (a) (i) of this
Section, such methods to be consistently applied in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank; and (ii) update in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank such assets revaluation as recommended
by the studies referred to in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of SEDAPAL hereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify SEDAPAL thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
Page  9
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For SEDAPAL:
            Servicio de Agua Potable y
              Alcantarillado de Lima
            Monterrey 281, 2do Piso (Chacarilla del Estanque)
            Surco
            Lima 33
            Peru
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of SEDAPAL may be taken or
executed by the General Manager of SEDAPAL or such other person
or persons as such General Manager shall designate in writing,
and SEDAPAL shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of
the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each
such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
Page  10
                        SERVICIO DE AGUA POTABLE Y
                           ALCANTARILLADO DE LIMA
                        By/s/ Jorge Camet Dickman
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines),
and in accordance with the following additional provisions:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
D.1 (a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days; and (ii)
any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, SEDAPAL shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, SEDAPAL shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works
shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more and $3,000,000 or more,
respectively.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Peru may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$250,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$2,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Page  11
2.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$3,000,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $42,900,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for works estimated to
cost more than the equivalent of $500,000 and each contract for
goods estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $100,000,
the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of
the contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:
      All procurement of goods and works to which local
competitive bidding applies shall be carried out using bidding
documents satisfactory to the Bank.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist SEDAPAL in carrying out the Project,
SEDAPAL shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants
by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, SEDAPAL shall
employ such consultants under contracts using the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where
no relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, SEDAPAL shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
Page  12
cost less than $50,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$20,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior Bank
review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts; (b) single source selection of consulting firms; (c)
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by
the Bank; (d) amendments of contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $50,000
equivalent or above; or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $20,000 equivalent or above.
