Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2071 HA
                   Project Agreement
  (Industrial Restructuring and Development Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
            BANQUE DE LA REPUBLIQUE D'HAITI
                Dated February 2, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2071 HA
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 2, 1990 between the
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and the BANQUE DE LA REPUBLIQUE D'HAITI (BRH).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Republic of Haiti (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed
to lend to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to nine million one hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 9,100,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that BRH agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement; and
     (B)  by an agreement (the Subsidiary Agreement) to
Page  2
be entered into between the Borrower and BRH, part of the
proceeds of the credit provided for under the Development
Credit Agreement will be made available to BRH on terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS BRH, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble
to this Agreement and in the General Conditions  (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                          ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project;
       Management and Operations of BRH and FDI
     Section 2.01.  (a)  BRH declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Development Credit Agreement, and to this end
shall carry out Parts A, B.l and B.2 of the Project
(through FDI, except in respect of Part B.2 of the
Project) in accordance with sound financial standards and
practices and in accordance with the Statement of Policy
and the provisions of this Agreement; and
     (b)  for the purposes of the aforementioned Parts A
and B.l of the Project, BRH shall maintain FDI with
organization, structure and functions, including
qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers, all satisfactory to
the Association.
     Section 2.02.  (a) BRH, through FDI, shall, for the
purposes of Part A of the Project, make loans (the FDI
Loans) out of the proceeds of the First Grant and of the
Subsidiary Loan to Financial Intermediaries under
agreements (the Participation Agreements) to be entered
into between BRH and each Financial Intermediary, under
terms and conditions which shall be in accordance with
the Statement of Policy and satisfactory to the
Association and which shall, inter alia:
     (i)       include the terms and conditions set
               forth in Section IV of Schedule 1 to this
               Agreement;
     (ii)      provision that Sub-loans made out of the
               proceeds of such FDI Loans shall be made
               in accordance with the Statement of
               Policy including the procedures and the
               terms and conditions set forth or
               referred to in Section I of Schedule 1 to
               this Agreement and that provisions,
               satisfactory to the Association and BRH,
               shall be made for Sub-loan and Investment
               Project appraisal, administration,
               accounting, suspension and repayment;
     (iii)     provision that FDI shall guarantee
Page  3
               Sub-loans in accordance with the
               Statement of Policy including the
               procedures and the terms and conditions
               set forth in Section II of Schedule 1  to
               this Agreement; and
     (iv)      rights adequate to protect the interests
               of the Association, the Borrower and BRH,
               including the right to suspend or
               terminate the right of the Financial
               Intermediary to the use of the proceeds
               of the Credit upon failure by such
               Financial Intermediary to perform any of
               its obligations under the Participation
               Agreement.
     (b)  BRH, through FDI, shall exercise its rights
under the Participation Agreements in such a manner so as
to: (i) protect the interests of the Borrower, the
Association and BRH; (ii)  comply with its obligations
under this Agreement; and (iii) accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree,  shall not assign,  amend, abrogate or
waive  any Participation Agreement or provision thereof.
     Section 2.03.  Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.04. BRH, through FDI except in respect of
Part B.2 of the Project,  shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the Genera
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition) in respect of this
Agreement and Parts A, B.l and B.2 of the Project.
     Section 2.05. BRH, through FDI except in respect of
Part B.2 of the Project, shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Agreement.  Except as
the Association shall otherwise agree, BRH shall not take
or concur in any action which would have the effect of
assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the Subsidiary
Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.06. (a) BRH, through FDI except in respect
of Part B.2 of the Project, shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the Progress of Parts A,  B.l and B.2 of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  BRH, through FDI except in respect of Part B.2
of the Project, shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of Parts A, B.l and B.2 of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by BRH of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement.
     Section 2.07. BRH, through FDI, shall calculate, in
accordance with a methodology satisfactory to the Banks:
     (a)  the economic rate of return of all Investment
Projects estimated to cost above the equivalent of
$500,000 and requiring financing through a Sub-loan
exceeding the equivalent of $300,000;
Page  4
and
     (b)  the financial rate of return of each Investment
Project.
     Section 2.08. BRH, through FDI, shall:
     (a)  not later than June 30, 1990, hire a consultant
to assist FDI in the carrying out of a study under Part
B.l of the Project to explore the feasibility of
broadening the operations of FDI;
     (b)  not later than December 31, 1990, furnish to
the Association a report or reports in such detail and of
such scope as the Association shall reasonably request,
of the results and recommendations of the study referred
to in the preceding paragraph; and
     (c) by not later than March 31, 1991, take actions,
satisfactory to the Association, to implement the
recommendations of the report or reports referred to in
the preceding paragraph, after having exchanged views
thereon with the Association.
     Section 2.09. BRH shall, not later than June 30,
1990, hire a consultant to assist BRH in the carrying out
of Part B.2 of the Project.
                      Article III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) BRH, through FDI except in respect
of Part B.2 of the Project, shall maintain procedures,
records and accounts, including separate accounts for
FDI, adequate to Mont or and record the progress of Parts
A, B.l and B.2 of the Project and of each Investment
Project (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
operations and financial condition of FDI.
     (b)  BRH, through FDI except in respect of Part B.2
of the Project, shall:
     (i)       have its records, accounts (including the
               accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of
               this Section) and financial statements
               (balance sheets, statements of income and
               expenses and related statements)  for
               each Fiscal Year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate  auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
     (ii)      furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               Fiscal Year: (A) certified copies of the
               said accounts and financial statements
               for such year as so audited; and (B) the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of
               such scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
     (iii)     furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements as well
               as the audit thereof as the Association
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
Page  5
     Section 3.02. (a) BRH shall ensure that the rates of
interest applicable to the outstanding balance of the
principal of Subloans shall be at levels sufficient to
reflect market conditions and inflationary trends.
     (b)  BRH, through FDI, and the Association shall,
starting six months after the Effective Date, from time
to time, at the request of either party, but not less
frequently than every six months, review: (i) the
adequacy of: (A) the interest rate charged  to BRH under
the Subsidiary Loan; (B) the interest rates charged
by BRH under the FDI Loans; and (C) the interest rates
charged by the Financial Intermediaries under the
Sub-loans; and (ii) the acceptability of the differences
between such interest rates. Towards these ends, BRH,
through FDI, shall furnish to the Association all such
information as the Association shall reasonably request.
     (c)  If, after any of the reviews that take place
pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, BRH and the
Association: (i) fail to agree on whether the interest
rates referred to in such paragraph (c) are adequate;
(ii) having agreed that any such interest rate is less
than adequate, fail to agree on remedial courses of
action to make any such interest rate adequate; (iii)
fail to agree on whether the differences between any such
interest rates are acceptable; or (iv) having agreed that
any of such differences is unacceptably high or low, fail
to agree on remedial courses of action to make such
difference acceptable, the Association may, after giving
notice to the Borrower and BRH, decline to approve or
authorize, as the case may be, any Sub-loan presented to
the Association for approval or authorization under
paragraph 3 of Section I of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
     (d)  BRH shall take, in a timely fashion, and
maintain thereafter, all measures agreed with the
Association, as a result of any of the reviews referred
to in this Section, as a remedial course of action.
     Section 3.03. BRH shall take such steps,
satisfactory to the Association,  as shall be necessary
to protect itself and FDI against risk of loss resulting
from changes in the rates of exchange between the various
currencies (including Gourdes) used in its operations.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effective Date; Termination
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement shall become effective.
     Section 4.02.  (a) This Agreement and all
obligations of the Association and BRH thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
     (i)       the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate; or
     (ii)      a date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify BRH of
this event.
Page  6
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
as hereinafter specified or at such other addresses as
such party shall have designated by notice to the party
giving such notice or making such request. The addresses
so specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
          INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                        64145 (WUI)
For BRH:
          In respect of Parts A and B.l of the Project
          Fonds de Developpement Industriel
          Banque de la Republique d'Haiti
          P.O. Box 2597
          Port-au-Prince
          Haiti
          In respect of Part B.2 of the Project
          Banque de la Republique d'Haiti
          P.O. Box 1570
          Port-au-Prince
          Haiti
          Cable address                 Telex:
          BACENDHA                      2030394
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any documents required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of BRH or by BRH
on behalf of the Borrower under the Development Credit
Agreement, may be taken or executed by its governor, or
by such other person or persons as such governor shall
designate in writing, and BRH shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
Page  7
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                   By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                Regional Vice President
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
                        BANQUE DE LA REPUBLIQUE D'HAITI
                                  By /s/ Franck Paultre
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
     Section I.  Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.   (a)  Sub-loans to be used for capital investments
shall be made for a period not exceeding 15 years,
including therein a maximum grace period for the
repayment of principal of 3 years.
    (b)  Sub-loans to be used for working capital shall
be made for a period not exceeding 2 years, including
therein a maximum grace period for the repayment of
principal of 6 months.
     (c)  The maximum amount of any FDI Loan made to
finance different types of Sub-loans is stipulated in
Section IV, paragraph 3 of this Schedule.
    (d)   The interest rate to be  charged to an
Investment Enterprise on the principal amount of each
Sub-loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time
shall be negotiated between the Financial Intermediary
and the Investment Enterprise and shall be payable not
less frequently than semiannually.
2.   No expenditures for goods or services required for
an Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out
of the proceeds of the Credit unless:
    (a)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall
have been approved by the Association and such
expenditures shall have been made not earlier than 180
days prior to the date on which the Association shall
have received the application and information required
under paragraph 3 (a) of this Section in respect of such
Sub-loan; or
    (b)  the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall
have been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Association
has authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account and
such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than
180 days prior to the date on which  the Association
shall have received the request and information required
under paragraph 3 (b) of this Section in respect of such
free-limit Sub-loan.  For the purposes of the Development
Credit Agreement and this Agreement, a free-limit Sub-
loan shall be a Sub-loan to a Non-restructuring
Investment Enterprise for an Investment Project in an
amount to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
Page  8
which shall not exceed the sum of $300,000 equivalent,
when added to any other outstanding amounts financed or
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, or of any other credit provided for in any
outstanding development  credit agreement between the
Borrower and the Association entered into before the date
of this Agreement the proceeds of which have been or are
being used for financing goods and services directly and
materially related to such Investment Project.
3.   (a)  When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a
free-limit Sub-loan) to the Association for approval,
BRH, through FDI, shall furnish to the Association an
application, in form satisfactory to the Association,
together with:  (i)  a description of the Investment
Enterprise and an appraisal of the Investment Project,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and a
calculation, in accordance with Section 2.07 of this
Agreement, of the financial rate of return and, where
appropriate, the economic rate of return of the
Investment Project; (ii) the proposed terms and
conditions of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of
amortization of the Sub-loan; and (iii) such other
information as the Association shall reasonably request.
    (b)  Each request by BRH for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Credit Account in respect of a
free-limit Sub loan shall contain: (i) a summary
description of the Investment Enterprise and the
Investment Project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit and a calculation of the financial rate of
return of the Investment Project; and (ii) the terms and
conditions of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of
amortization there for.
    (c)  Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
paragraph shall be presented to the Association on or
before December 31, 1993.
4.   Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the
Financial Intermediary shall obtain, by written contract
with the Investment Enterprise or by other appropriate
legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Association, BRH and Financial Intermediary,
including the right to:
    (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out
and operate the Investment Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with sound technical,
financial and managerial standards and to maintain
adequate records;
     (b)  require, as a condition of continued
disbursement to each Restructuring Investment Enterprise,
compliance with the restructuring plans approved by FDI
for such Restructuring Investment Enterprise;
     (c)  require that: (i) the goods and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
procured in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2
to this Agreement; and (ii) such goods and services shall
be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Investment
Project;
     (d)  inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Association if the Association
shall so request, such goods, works, plants and
construction included in the Investment Project, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and
Page  9
documents;
     (e)  require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise
shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers
such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts,
as shall be consistent with sound business practice; and
(ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit to the place
of use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be
made payable in a currency freely usable by the
Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
     (f)  obtain all such information as the Association
or the Financial Intermediary or BRH shall reasonably
request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the
Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived
from the Investment Project;
     (g)  suspend or terminate the right of the
Investment Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the
Credit upon failure by such Investment Enterprise to
perform its obligations under its contract with the
Financial Intermediary; and
     (h)  provide for the capitalization as part of the
Sub-loan, of any amounts already paid, or to be paid in
the future, by FDI on account of studies made on the
Restructuring Investment Enterprise in question for the
purposes of developing one or more restructuring plans
for the said Enterprise.
Section II. Guarantees
l.   Guarantees of Sub-loans will be requested
simultaneously with the request for discounting of the
Sub-loan.
2.   To be eligible for a guaranteed Sub-loan,
beneficiaries must have:
     (a)  a maximum debt/equity ratio of 3:1 and an
          estimated debt-service coverage of at least
          2:1; and
     (b)  no overdue financial obligations.
3.   The aggregate of guarantees given in respect of any
one Investment Enterprise under Part A of the Project may
cover up to 75% of the amount to be disbursed under the
FDI Loan in respect of the Sub-loan or Sub-loans made to
such Investment Enterprise, provided, however, that the
aggregate in question does not exceed the equivalent of
$200,000.
4.   A guarantee fee of 2% per annum of the amount
guaranteed will be paid by the Financial Intermediary to
FDI pari-passu with payment of interest on FDI Loans;
such guarantee fee shall not be passed on to the
Investment Enterprise under the Sub-loan.
5.   Guarantees made by FDI shall not exceed 20 percent
of FDI's total available resources.
Section III. Eligibility of Financial Intermediaries
A.   To be eligible for access to the resources and
guarantees of FDI as a Financial Intermediary, a
financial institution shall:
Page  10
l.   have a current loan portfolio not more than 25
percent of which is affected by arrears exceeding one
hundred twenty days or such other period as the
Association may determine from time to time, after
consultation with BRH;
2.   have capabilities, satisfactory to FDI and the
Association, to evaluate and supervise Investment
Projects and to maintain adequate records on all
Investment Projects; and
3.   enter into a Participation Agreement with BRH.
Section IV.  Terms and Conditions of FDI Loans
l.   (a)  FDI Loans shall be denominated and repayable in
Gourdes.
     (b)  The principal amount of an FDI Loan shall be
payable on the same dates and terms applicable to the
Sub-loans made from the proceeds of such FDI Loan, but
irrespective of whether said Subloans principal is
actually paid; provided, however, that if a Sub-loan or
any part thereof shall be repaid to the Financial
Intermediary in advance of maturity, or, if a Sub-loan or
any part thereof shall be sold, transferred, assigned or
otherwise disposed of for value by the Financial
Intermediary, the Financial Intermediary shall promptly
repay to BRH the amount of FDI Loan corresponding to such
Sub-loan or any part thereof so repaid in advance or
disposed of for value.
     (c)  Interest on the principal amount of each FDI
Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to time shall be
payable not less frequently than semiannually, but on the
same dates interest is payable under the corresponding
Sub-loan or Sub-loans financed thereunder, at the
following rate per annum:
          (i)  8% where the proceeds of the FDI Loan are
               used to finance a Sub-loan for an
               Investment Project whose total cost
               exceeds the equivalent of $100,000; and
          (ii) 7% where the proceeds of the FDI Loan are
               used to finance a Sub-loan to a small
               scale Investment Enterprise, as defined
               in the Statement of Policy, when the
               total Investment Project cost in question
               is equivalent to $100,000 or less.
2.   The proceeds of FDI Loans shall be used exclusively
for making Sub-loans on the terms and conditions
contained in Section I of this Schedule and in accordance
with the Statement of Policy.
3.   (a)  Subject to the limits expressed in (b) below,
FDI Loans shall not finance more than 90% of the amount
of each Sub-loan, such percentage to be reviewed twelve
months after the date of effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement and, if necessary, revised by BRH in
agreement with the Association, all in accordance with
the provisions of this Agreement, the Development Credit
Agreement, the Subsidiary Agreement and the Statement of
Policy.
     (b)  The maximum amount of an FDI Loan to be
disbursed in respect of a Sub-loan shall not, when added
to all other outstanding FDI Loans made to finance any
other Sub-loan made or proposed to be made to the
Investment Enterprise in question and to all other
outstanding amounts lent or proposed to be lent to such
Page  11
Investment Enterprise out of the proceeds of any other
credit provided for in any outstanding development credit
agreement between the Borrower and the Association
entered into before the date of this Agreement, exceed
the following limits: (i) in respect of an FDI Loan made
to finance a Sub-loan to be used exclusively for working
capital, the equivalent of US$150,000 provided that not
more than 20% of the total resources of FDI available for
lending at any time shall be used for discounting of
Sub-loans exclusively for working capital; (ii) in
respect of an FDI Loan made to finance a Sub-loan for
both capital investment and working capital, $500,000;
and (iii)  if the Association so determines in respect of
an FDI Loan made to finance any specific Sub-loan to a
Restructuring Investment Enterprise, $800,000.
                      SCHEDULE 2
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A.   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Section I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B.   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Haiti may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C.   Other Procurement Procedures
     Contracts estimated to cost not more than the
equivalent of $1,000,000 may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
Part D.   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract under Part A or
B.3 (c) of the Project estimated to cost more than the
equivalent of $1,000,000, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix l to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
Page  12
     In order to assist the Borrower and BRH in carrying
out Part B of the Project, the Borrower and BRH, through
FDI except in respect of Part B.2 of the Project, shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory
to the Association. Such consultants shall be  selected
in accordance with principles  and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
