Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2128-1 CE
                                          (Amendment)
                  (Economic Restructuring Credit)
                              between
            DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 13, 1990
                                          CREDIT NUMBER 2128-1 CE
                                          (Amendment)
                        AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 13, 1990, between DEMOCRATIC
SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA (the Borrower) and
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have
entered into a Development Credit Agreement (Economic
Restructuring Credit), dated May 2, 1990 (the Development
Credit Agreement), for the purpose of assisting in the
financing of the Program referred to in Recital (A) of
the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the
Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to
provide additional assistance towards the financing of
the Program by increasing the amount made available under
the Development Credit Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional
Page  2
assistance to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by deleting the "and" at the end of
Subsection (b); substituting "; and" for "." at the end
of Subsection (c); and adding a new Subsection (d) as
follows:
            "(d) 'Amending Agreement' means the Agreement
      Amending this Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend
      to the Borrower, on the terms and conditions set
      forth or referred to in the Development Credit
      Agreement, an amount in various currencies equiva-
      lent to seventy one million eight hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 71,800,000) (the Cred-
      it), which includes an original amount in various
      currencies equivalent to sixty eight million three
      hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 68,30-
      0,000) and an additional amount in various curren-
      cies equivalent to three million five hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,500,000)
      (the Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of
Section 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement
reading as follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment
      charge on the Additional Financing shall accrue
      from a date sixty days after the date of the Amend-
      ing Agreement."
      Section 1.04. The following paragraph is added at
the end of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agree-
ment:
            "8.  After a date twelve months from the date
      of this Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be
      made and no commitment shall be entered into to pay
      amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in
      respect of expenditures to be financed out of the
      proceeds of the Additional Financing. At any time
      after such date, the Association may, by notice to
      the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Amending Agreement shall not
become effective until evidence satisfactory to the
Association shall have been furnished to the Association
that the execution and delivery of this Amending Agree-
ment on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized
or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
Page  3
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be fur-
nished pursuant to Section 2.01 of this Amending Agree-
ment, there shall be furnished to the Association an
opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association of
counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf
of the Borrower, that this Amending Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and deliv-
ered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally binding
upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Amending Agreement shall come
into force and effect on the date upon which the Associa-
tion dispatches to the Borrower notice of its acceptance
of the evidence required by Section 2.01 of this Amending
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Amending Agreement shall not
have come into force and effect by a date ninety (90)
days after the date of this Amending Agreement, this
Amending Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association
establishes a later date for the purposes of this
Section. If this Amending Agreement shall terminate under
the provisions of this Section, the Development Credit
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if
this Amending Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Amending Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
                  By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Shinji Asanuma
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
