Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2128 CE
                                  (Second Amendment)
            (Economic Restructuring Credit)
                        between
      DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated November 30, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2128 CE
                                  (Second Amendment)
               SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 30, 1990, between
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA (the Borrower)
and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Associa-
tion).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have
entered into a Development Credit Agreement (Economic
Restructuring Credit), dated May 2, 1990 (Development
Credit Agreement), for the purpose of assisting in the
financing of the Program referred to in Recital (A) of
the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the
Program);
     (B)  the Borrower and the Association have entered
into an Agreement Amending Development Credit Agreement
(Economic Restructuring Credit) dated July 13, 1990
(Amending Agreement), for the purpose of providing
additional assistance in the financing of the Program;
Page  2
     (C)  the Borrower has requested the Association to
provide additional assistance towards the financing of
the Program by further  increasing the amount made
available under the Development Credit Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional
assistance to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
             Amendments of the Development
                   Credit Agreement
     Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by deleting the "and" at the end of
Subsection (b); substituting "; and" for "." at the end
of Subsection (c); and adding a new Subsection (e) as
follows:
          "(e) 'Second Amending Agreement' means the
     Second Agreement Amending this Agreement."
     Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
          "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend
     to the Borrower, on the terms and conditions set
     forth or referred to in the Development Credit
     Agreement, an amount in various currencies equiva-
     lent to seventy six million eight hundred thousand
     Special Drawing Rights (SDR 76,800,000) (the Cred-
     it), which includes an original amount in various
     currencies equivalent to sixty eight million three
     hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 68,30-
     0,000), an additional amount in various currencies
     equivalent to three million five hundred thousand
     Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,500,000) (the
     Additional Financing), and a further additional
     amount in various currencies equivalent to five
     million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 5,000,000) (the
     Second Additional Financing)."
     Section 1.03. A further proviso is added at the end
of Section 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement
reading as follows:
          ", and that any commitment charge on the
     Second Additional Financing shall accrue from a
     date sixty days after the date of the Second Amend-
     ing Agreement."
     Section 1.04. The following paragraph is added at
the end of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agree-
ment:
          "9.  After a date twelve months from the date
     of this Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals
     shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
     into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
     Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed
     out of the proceeds of the Second Additional Fi-
     nancing. At any time after such date, the Associa-
     tion may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
     unwithdrawn amount of the Second Additional Financ-
     ing from the Credit Account or any part thereof."
Page  3
                      ARTICLE II
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 2.01. This Second Amending Agreement shall
not become effective until evidence satisfactory to the
Association shall have been furnished to the Association
that the execution and delivery of this Second Amending
Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly
authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental
action.
     Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be fur-
nished pursuant to Section 2.01 of this Second Amending
Agreement, there shall be furnished to the Association an
opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association of
counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf
of the Borrower, that this Second Amending Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and
delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
     Section 2.03. This Second Amending Agreement shall
come into force and effect on the date upon which the
Association dispatches to the Borrower notice of its
acceptance of the evidence required by Section 2.01 of
this Second Amending Agreement.
     Section 2.04. If this Second Amending Agreement
shall not have come into force and effect by a date
ninety (90) days after the date of this Second Amending
Agreement, this Second Amending Agreement and all obliga-
tions of the parties hereunder shall terminate, unless
the Association establishes a later date for the purposes
of this Section. If this Second Amending Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the
Development Credit Agreement shall continue in full force
and effect, as if this Second Amending Agreement had not
been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Second Amending Agreement to be signed in
their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
               DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA
               By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
Page  4
