Report No. PID7972
Project Name             Dominican Republic-Wastewater Disposal in (@)
Tourism Centers Learning and Innovation
Loan (LIL)
Region                   Latin America and the Caribbean Region
Sector                   Water Supply and Sanitation
Project ID               DOPE59510
Borrower                 The Dominican Republic
Implementing             Technical Secretariat of the
Agency                   of the Presidency
Av. Mexico, Esq. Dr. Delgado
Santo Domingo, Republica Dominicana
Tel: (809) 6862666
Fax: (809) 6891280
Date PID Update          March 6, 2002
Appraisal                August 23, 1999
Board Date               April 19, 2000
1.      Country and Sector Background:
The water and sewerage services in the
Dominican Republic are characterized
by: (i) low coverage rates (41. of
urban population has connections to a
potable water distribution network, and
only 11  to a sewage collection
network); (ii) institutional weakness
of the existing water and sewerage
utilities; (iii) low investment in the
sector and long construction delays due
to lack of funds; (iv) inadequate
operation and low maintenance of water
and sewerage systems; (v) minimal cost
recovery; (vi) high levels of
unaccounted water; (vii) pollution of
surface water, groundwater, and the
coastal environment caused by
inadequate discharge of untreated
wastewater; (vii) pollution of surface
and groundwater caused by inadequate
dumping of solid waste; (ix) sea water
to groundwater in some coastal areas;
and (x) potential water scarcity in
certain parts of country.
Water and sewerage services in
Dominican Republic are provided by
three public companies, CAASD (Compania
de Acueducto y Alcantarillado de Santo



Domingo) in Santo Domingo, CORAASAN
(corporaci6n de Acueductos y
Alcatarillados de Santiago) in
Santiago, CORAPP in the Puerto Plata
province and INAPA (Instituto Nacional
de Agua Potable y Alcantarillado) in
the rest of the country. These
companies suffer from inadequate
funding, low cost-recovery, inefficient
operation and maintenance.
The tourism industry is one of the most
important economic activities of the
country. It completely depends on the
quality of the coastal environment.
The number of hotel rooms in the nine
most important tourism centers is
projected to increase from the current
level of 28,000 to about 43,000 in
2000, and 109,000 in 2010. However,
the tourism industry is threatened by
the deficiency of the water sewerage
services, and the environmental
pollution caused by inadequate
management and disposal of sewage and
solid waste. In some cases, untreated
wastewater is discharged to creeks and
beaches; in others, the existing
wastewater treatment systems are
inadequate or inoperative, and the
effluent is either discharged close to
the seashore or used for irrigation of
park and green areas within hotel
resorts, while the effluent quality is
inadequate for such disposal methods.
The current wastewater disposal
practices pose health risks, especially
to foreign tourists which are not
accustomed to contact with pathogenic
organisms carried in the wastewater or
effluent. This year, the number of
tourists from the U.K. has dropped
significantly due to a report in the
British press on beach pollution and
health risks in the Dominican Republic.
2.      Objectives:   The project
development objectives of this Learning
and Innovation Loan (LIL) are to: (i)
apply and test an innovative technology
for environmentally sound disposal of
treated wastewater of small and medium-
size coastal towns through small-
diameter cost-effective submarine
outfalls; and (ii) prepare and
-2-



implement, for the first time in the
Dominican Republic, and innovative
model for incorporating the private
sector in the provision of water supply
and sewerage services in a tourism
center.   Both the wastewater disposal
technology and the institutional model
could consequently be used, with the
incorporation of lessons learned during
the LIL, to prepare and implement a
water supply and sanitation project in
tourism centers of the Dominican
Republic, which could be supported by a
future Sector Investment Loan (SIL).
3.      Description:   The project will
finance the following components: (i)
Construction of the wastewater
conveyance system, treatment
installations and submarine outfall for
Sosua; (ii) Preparation and
implementation of the PSP model for the
provision of water supply, sewerage
services in the Puerto
Plata/Sosua/Cabarete region; (iii)
Monitoring of the coastal environment
before and after the construction of
the outfalls; (iv) Training and
dissemination of the technology of
small-diameter outfalls for wastewater
disposal; and (v) Project management.
4.      Financing:   The total project cost
is estimated to be US$7.55 million, of
which US5.0 million will be financed by
IBRD. The counterpart contribution of
US$2.55 million will be provided by the
Government.
5.      Implementation:    The Project
Implementation Unit (PIU) in the
Technical Secretariat of the Presidency
would be responsible for project
coordination. The implementation of
project components 1 and 2 would be
managed by CORAPP. For the preparation
of the Private Sector Participation
model, the PIU has hired international
consultants to prepare technical
analyses and specifications, bidding
documents, and draft contract. An
Advisory Committee, with
representatives from the Technical
Secretariat of the Presidency, CORAPP,
ASONAHORES (the hotel and restaurant
-3-



owners association), and the LMD (Liga
Municipal Dominicana) has been set up
to review draft documents prepared by
the PSP team, to approve the final
version to be used for the bidding
process, and to participate in the
evaluation of proposals and selection
of the winning bidder.
6.      Sustainability:   The
sustainability of project benefits
would be achieved trough: (i) use of
innovative technology that is
appropriate for the local conditions
and protective of the coastal
environment; (ii) Government's
continued commitment to private sector
participation; and (iii) involvement of
a private sector operator of water,
sewerage, and solid waste services with
specific targets, tariff structure, and
payment options in the contract. The
lessons learned during project design
and implementation would be
incorporated in the preparation of the
following SIL operation, thereby
enhancing the sustainability of the
larger initiative at the national
level.
7.      Lesson learned from past
operations in the country/sector: The
project design reflects lessons that
have been learned from the execution of
a variety of Bank-supported projects in
the water and sanitation sector and
projects in the Dominican Republic, as
well as preliminary lessons from LIL
projects. The lessons on LIL project
design include: (i) the preparation
and result of the piloting LIL effort
should be synchronized with the rest of
the subsequent APL project; (ii) the
investments included in the LIL should
be small, discrete and able to be
implemented in a short period of time;
(iii) supervision in a LIL project
needs to be intense; (iv) dissemination
of results and broad participation
should be a key consideration of LIL
projects.
Lessons learned in the Dominican
Republic indicate that successful
implementation is closely associated
-4-



with: (i) obtaining strong government
commitment; (ii) designing simple
projects with focused and modest
objectives; (iii) close and periodic
evaluation of the project to allow
adjustments to be made to the project
design and its implementation
arrangements;   (iv) because of usual
time delays in getting approval from
Congress, it is important to have
ownerships and commitment from
different stakeholders in the
Government, the hotel sector, and the
communities; (v) maintaining an open
and productive dialogue with the
Borrower to ensure close collaboration
with the project executing agency, to
facilitate finding solutions to
problems that emerge during project;
and (vi) maintaining intensive
technical, procurement, and managerial
Bank's supervision during project
implementation.
8.      Poverty Category:   N/A
9.      Environmental Aspects:   The
proposed project is expected to have
significant beneficial environmental
and health impacts in Sosua and its
surroundings as it will extend and
improve the sewage collection network
and will provide a safe wastewater
treatment and disposal method that will
protect important coastal ecosystems in
the area. Nonetheless, the
construction of the main sewage
conveyance system, wastewater treatment
and other ancillary facilities, an well
as disposal of treated wastewater
through a marine outfall has the
potential to cause negative
environmental impacts if proper
mitigation steps are not taken. For
this reason, the project has been
classified as EA Category A. A full EA
was commissioned under terms of
reference agreed with the Bank. Formal
Bank review of the final reports was
carried out before appraisal and they
were found to conform fully to Bank
policy guidelines regarding
environmental and social issues.
The environmental assessment process



was based on a analysis of alternatives
for wastewater treatment and disposal
and assessment of current and
dispersion parameters in the disposal
site. The water depth at the selected
outfall site and the added pretreatment
facilities to an existing wastewater
treatment plan, ensure minimum
environment risks,    The above
mentioned reports have been made
available in the Public Information
Center of the World Bank in Washington.
10. Program Objectives Categories:
Poverty Alleviation and Environmentally
Sustainable Development.
11. Contact Points:
Oscar E. Alvarado
Task Manager
(202) 458-5840
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H. Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone(202)458-5454
Fax:(202)522-1500
Note: This information is on an
evolving project. Certain components
may not necessarily be included in the
final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
March 22, 2002.
-6-



