Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3284 MOR
                   (Port Sector Project - ODEP)
                              between
                        KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated May 9, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3284 MOR
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 9, 1991, between KINGDOM OF MOROCCO (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Office d'Exploitation des
Ports (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to ninety-nine million
dollars ($99,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations, all as provided in this
Page  2
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, the Preamble to
this Agreement and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall take all measures as may be
required on its part (including, without limitation, the granting of
licenses and issuance of approvals) to enable the Borrower to carry
out the Project and to comply with its other obligations under the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 3.01 of this Agreement:
      (a)   The Guarantor and the Bank shall, from time to time, at
the request of either party, exchange views with regard to the
Guarantor's policies on port tariffs and its plans in respect of the
overall development of its ports.
      (b)   The Guarantor agrees, as long as it exercises control
over the setting of port tariffs, to establish tariffs to be charged
by the Borrower which would enable the Borrower to comply with its
obligations under Sections 5.02 and 5.03 of the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The Guarantor shall take all measures necessary to
ensure that all infrastructure, facilities and other property of the
ports which are controlled or operated by the Guarantor shall at all
times be maintained, and the Guarantor shall from time to time,
promptly as and when needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
commercial, engineering and environmental practices.
      (d)   The Guarantor shall: (i) take all measures required on
its part to ensure the conclusion, not later than June 30, 1991, of
an agreement between the Guarantor and the Borrower, under terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank, in respect of the Borrower's
financial, managerial and operational autonomy and the Guarantor's
related governmental policies and measures; and (ii) duly perform
Page  3
all of its obligations set forth in said agreement in accordance
with the terms and conditions thereof.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministcre des Finances
            Rabat
            Kingdom of Morocco
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINISTERE FINANCES        36715,
                  Rabat, Morocco            36936 or
                                            36147
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                  By /s/ Mohammed Belkhayat
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
