Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2554 GM
                         Project Agreement
           (Public Works and Capacity Building Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
       THE GAMBIAN AGENCY FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS
                        Dated May 11, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2554 GM
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 11, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the GAMBIAN AGENCY FOR
THE MANAGEMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS (GAMWORKS), a company limited by
guarantee and incorporated under the Companies Act, 1955 of the
Republic of the Gambia (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Association, the Association
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to seven million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 7,900,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition
that GAMWORKS agrees to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS GAMWORKS, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) GAMWORKS declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and public
utility practices (including those set out in the Framework
Agreement and the Manual of Procedures) and shall provide, or cause
to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   For the purposes of selecting beneficiaries and sub-
projects to be included in the Project, GAMWORKS shall apply
eligibility and appraisal criteria satisfactory to the Association,
including those set out in the Manual of Procedures.
      (c)   GAMWORKS undertakes that, unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, the proceeds of the Credit will be used exclusively
to carry out sub-projects for beneficiaries on terms whereby
GAMWORKS shall obtain, by written contract with the beneficiary or
by other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Association and GAMWORKS, including the right of
GAMWORKS to: (i) require (A) the sub-project to be carried out and
operated with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
sound technical, financial, managerial and environmental standards,
policies and procedures, including those set out in the Manual of
Procedures, and (B) the beneficiary to maintain adequate records;
(ii) require that the goods and services to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be used exclusively in the carrying out
of the sub-project; (iii) inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Association, if the Association shall so
request, all goods and the sites, works, plants and construction
included in the sub-project, the operation thereof and any relevant
records and documents; (iv) require that the contractor concerned
with the sub-project shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts, as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice; (v) obtain all such
information as the Association or GAMWORKS shall reasonably request
relating to the foregoing; and (vi) suspend or terminate the use of
the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by the beneficiary to
perform its obligations under its contract with GAMWORKS.
      (d)   GAMWORKS shall exercise its rights in relation to each
sub-project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the
Association and GAMWORKS; (ii) comply with its obligations under
this Agreement, the Framework Agreement and the Manual of
Procedures; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. GAMWORKS shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) GAMWORKS shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
Page  3
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement, the Framework Agreement and the Manual of Procedures
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   GAMWORKS shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by GAMWORKS of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Framework Agreement and the Manual of Procedures.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of GAMWORKS
      Section 3.01. GAMWORKS shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and public utility practices, including those
set out in the Manual of Procedures and the Staff Service Rules,
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. GAMWORKS shall at all times operate and maintain
its equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public utility
practices.
      Section 3.03. GAMWORKS shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. (a) GAMWORKS shall, no later than March 31 in
each year of the Project, carry out jointly with the Borrower and
the Association an annual review of the progress of the Project.
      (b) GAMWORKS shall: (i) no later than August 31, 1995 carry
out jointly with the Borrower and the Association a midterm review
of the Project to assess (A) the overall progress made in carrying
out the Project, including its costs; (B) the performance of
agencies and entities participating in the Project; (C) the extent
to which the objectives of the Project have been achieved; and (D)
the periodicity of the audits required under Sections 3.06 and 4.01
of this Agreement; and (ii) promptly thereafter carry out, or cause
to be carried out, the recommendations of the midterm review to the
satisfaction of the Association.
      Section 3.05. (a) GAMWORKS shall at all times employ, under
contracts satisfactory to the Association, a Director General, a
Technical Director and a Financial/Administrative Director, all of
whom shall have qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Association. The Director General shall be in charge of GAMWORKS'
operations and administration and shall at all times be assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      (b)   GAMWORKS shall: (i) prepare and furnish to the
Association an annual plan of action, satisfactory to the
Association, setting out in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request (A) the training program for beneficiaries,
consultants and contractors employed to carry out the Project, and
(B) the community participation program; and (ii) shall during the
fourth quarter of each year update the said action plan to reflect
any needs identified during the supervision of the Project.
      (c)   GAMWORKS shall, no later than September 30 of each year,
prepare and furnish to the Association, for its review and comments,
the annual work programs for sub-projects to be carried out during
the next following calendar year estimated to cost not less than:
           (i)    $2.3 million equivalent for the work program to
                  be furnished by September 30, 1994; and
Page  4
          (ii)    $3 million equivalent for the work program to be
                  furnished by September 30, 1995.
      (d)   GAMWORKS shall furnish to the Association at such times
as the Association shall request, for the Association's review and
comments, the updated roster of consultants and contractors to be
employed in carrying out the sub-projects.
      Section 3.06. GAMWORKS shall: (i) employ independent auditors
acceptable to the Association to carry out each quarter technical
and management audits of GAMWORKS; and (ii) furnish, or cause to be
furnished, to the Association as soon as available, but in any case
not later than one month after the end of each such quarter the
report of such audits by said auditors, of such scope and in such
detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.07. GAMWORKS shall furnish to the Association, no
later than three months after its fiscal year, a consolidated report
of the technical and management audits referred to in Section 3.06
above.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) GAMWORKS shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   GAMWORKS shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account and the statements of
                  expenditures for each quarter audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than one month after
                  the end of each such quarter (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall reasonably request;
          (iii)   consolidate the quarterly audit reports for the
                  fiscal year and furnish to the Association as
                  soon as available, but in any case not later than
                  three months after the end of its fiscal year,
                  the said consolidated audit reports; and
          (iv)    furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts and
                  financial statements as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of GAMWORKS thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
Page  5
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify GAMWORKS
of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For GAMWORKS
            The Gambian Agency for the Management
              of Public Works
            Banjul
            The Gambia
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of GAMWORKS or by GAMWORKS on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Director General or such other person or persons as
GAMWORKS shall designate in writing, and GAMWORKS shall furnish to
the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  6
                  By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  THE GAMBIAN AGENCY FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF PUBLIC
                  WORKS
                  By /s/ Ousman A. Sallah
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, works shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    For fixed price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to
in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when
contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity period,
the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each week of
delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to the
Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency components
and the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such
an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
3.    In the procurement of works in accordance with this Part A,
GAMWORKS shall use the relevant standard bidding documents issued by
the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the Association shall
have agreed to be necessary for purposes of the Project. Where no
relevant standard bidding documents have been issued by the Bank,
GAMWORKS shall use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Association.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works estimated to cost less than $220,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $6,425,000
equivalent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from two different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
Page  7
3.    Bidders for works to be procured in accordance with this
Part C shall be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part C.3 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract for works estimated
to cost $192,000 equivalent or more or each contract for which there
are less than five bidders; and (ii) each contract for goods
estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist GAMWORKS in carrying out the Project,
GAMWORKS shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultants' Guidelines)
2.    For complex, time-based assignments, GAMWORKS shall employ
such consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank,
GAMWORKS shall use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provision of the Consultants' Guidelines requiring prior review
or approval by the Association of budgets, shortlists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to such prior
review or approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of
reference for such contracts nor to the employment of individuals,
Page  8
to single-source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical
nature as reasonably determined by the Association or to amendments
of contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
