Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2554 GM
                   Development Credit Agreement
           (Public Works and Capacity Building Project)
                              between
                    THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated May 11, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2554 GM
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 11, 1994, between the REPUBLIC OF THE
GAMBIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out with the Borrower's
assistance by the Gambian Agency for the Management of Public Works
(GAMWORKS), a company limited by guarantee and incorporated under
the Companies Act, 1955 of the Borrower;
      (C)   the Borrower will, as part of such assistance, make
available to GAMWORKS the proceeds of the Credit as hereinafter
provided;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain other loans to assist in
financing the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Agreement" means the Project Agreement between
the Association and GAMWORKS of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Project Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association pursuant to an
exchange of letters dated January 4, 1993 between the Borrower and
the Association;
      (e)   "Memorandum and Articles" means the Memorandum and
Articles of Association of GAMWORKS dated September 13, 1993 as
amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (f)   "Framework Agreement" means the agreement dated
September 15, 1993 between the Borrower and GAMWORKS which provides
for the proceeds of the Credit to be made available by the Borrower
to GAMWORKS under terms and conditions which have been approved by
the Association including the terms set forth in the Manual of
Procedures;
      (g)   "Dalasi" means currency of the Borrower;
      (h)   "sub-project" means a specific development project to be
carried out by GAMWORKS for a beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of
the Credit;
      (i)   "beneficiary" means an entity for which GAMWORKS carries
out a sub-project;
      (j)   "sub-project eligibility criteria" means criteria
satisfactory to the Association referred to in paragraph 3 (b) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the Project
Agreement;
      (k)   "Manual of Procedures" means GAMWORKS' Manual of
Procedures approved by the Borrower and the Association as of the
date of this Agreement for purposes of the Project; and
      (l)   "Staff Service Rules" means GAMWORKS' Staff Service
Rules approved by the Borrower and the Association as of the date of
this Agreement for purposes of the Project.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seven million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 7,900,000).
Page  3
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain, or cause to be opened and maintained, in dollars
a special deposit account in a commercial or merchant bank on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1997 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15,
commencing April 15, 2004 and ending October 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
Page  4
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its obligations under the Development Credit Agreement,
shall cause GAMWORKS to perform in accordance with the provisions of
the Project Agreement, the Framework Agreement and the Manual of
Procedures all the respective obligations of GAMWORKS therein set
forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action, including the
provisions of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable GAMWORKS to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall: (i) provide in its budget amounts
sufficient to cover its counterpart contributions to the costs of
the Project; (ii) open and maintain in Dalasi in a commercial or
merchant bank a project account (the Project Account) in the name of
GAMWORKS to be used by GAMWORKS exclusively for purposes of the
Project; and (iii) deposit into the Project Account (A) an initial
amount of $80,000 equivalent, and (B) the remaining part of its
counterpart contributions, quarterly in advance, in the amounts
determined by the Borrower and the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to GAMWORKS under the Framework Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall: (i) no later than August 31,
1995, carry out jointly with the Association and GAMWORKS a midterm
review of the Project to assess (A) the overall progress made in
carrying out the Project, including its costs; (B) the performance
of GAMWORKS and other entities participating in the Project; (C) the
results of the technical studies carried out under the Project; (D)
the periodicity of the audits required under Section 4.01 of this
Page  5
Agreement; and (E) the extent to which the objectives of the Project
have been achieved; and (ii) promptly thereafter carry out, or cause
to be carried out, the recommendations of the midterm review to the
satisfaction of the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and other Covenants
      Section 4.01 (a)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the consolidated audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   cause the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each quarter to be
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the
                  Association as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than (A) one month after the end of
                  each such quarter, with respect to the quarterly
                  reports, and (B) three months after the end of
                  each such fiscal year, with respect to the
                  consolidated annual reports, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such quarter or
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their preparation,
                  can be relied upon to support the related
                  withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. (a) Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
            (i)   The Borrower or GAMWORKS shall have failed to
                  perform any of their respective obligations under
                  the Project Agreement, the Framework Agreement or
                  the Manual of Procedures;
            (ii)  as a result of events which have occurred after
                  the date of the Development Credit Agreement, an
                  extraordinary situation shall have arisen which
                  shall make it improbable that the Borrower or
                  GAMWORKS will be able to perform their respective
Page  6
                  obligations under the Project Agreement, the
                  Framework Agreement or the Manual of Procedures;
          (iii)   a change shall have been made in the Memorandum
                  and Articles, the Manual of Procedures or the
                  Staff Service Rules so as to affect materially
                  and adversely the ability of GAMWORKS to perform
                  any of its obligations under the Project
                  Agreement or the Framework Agreement;
           (iv)   the Borrower or any other authority having
                  jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
                  dissolution or disestablishment of GAMWORKS or
                  for the suspension of the operations of GAMWORKS;
                  and
            (v)   subject to paragraph (b) of this Section:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
     (b)    Paragraph (a) (v) of this Section shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that:
(i) such suspension, cancellation, termination or prematuring is not
caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform any of its
obligations under such agreement; and (ii) adequate funds for the
Project are available to the Borrower from other sources on terms
and conditions consistent with the obligations of the Borrower under
this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in Section 5.01 (a) (i) of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60 days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in Section 5.01 (a) (iii) and (iv)
of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in Section 5.01 (a) (v) of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) of
that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has deposited into the Project Account an
initial amount of $80,000 equivalent pursuant to Section 3.01 (b)
(iii) of this Agreement;
      (b)   GAMWORKS has set up, and put into operation, an
information recording/accounting system satisfactory to the
Association;
      (c)   GAMWORKS has employed independent auditors acceptable to
the Association to carry out for a period of at least three years
the financial, technical and managerial audits required under the
Page  7
Project; and
      (d)   GAMWORKS has furnished to the Association an action plan
satisfactory to the Association required to carry out (i) the 1994
training program designed for staff of beneficiaries; (ii) technical
studies included in the Project; and (iii) the program for community
participation.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement and
the Framework Agreement have been duly authorized and ratified by
and are legally binding upon the Borrower or GAMWORKS (as the case
may be) in accordance with their respective terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister responsible for Finance and
Economic Affairs of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs
            The Quadrangle
            Banjul
            The Republic of the Gambia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                    2264
                  The Republic of
                  the Gambia
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA
                  By /s/ Ousman A. Sallah
Page  8
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)   Public works            4,400,000         90% of amounts
                                                disbursed for
                                                sub-projects
                                                approved through
                                                December 31, 1994
                                                and 80% of amounts
                                                disbursed for
                                                sub-projects
                                                approved thereafter
(2)   Consultant                660,000         90% for
      services                                  sub-projects
      including                                 approved through
      design and                                December 31, 1994
      supervision                               and 80% for
                                                sub-projects
                                                approved thereafter
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(3)   Operating                  600,000        100%
      costs of
      GAMWORKS
(4)   Technical                1,300,000        100%
      assistance,
      Project
      monitoring
      and audits
(5)   Goods                      140,000        100%
(6)   Refunding of               420,000        Amounts due
      Project                                   pursuant to
      Preparation                               Section 2.02 (c)
      Advance                                   of this Agreement
(7)   Unallocated                380,000
Page  9
            TOTAL              7,900,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "operating costs"
means incremental recurring costs excluding Civil Service salaries
but including the following incremental costs:
            (i)   staff expenses and overnight allowances;
           (ii)   cost of operating vehicles, plant and equipment
                  required for the Project;
          (iii)   maintenance of Project equipment, vehicles, and
                  office facilities; and
           (iv)   Project-related transport costs.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement; and
      (b)   payments made for expenditures for a sub-project unless
the sub-project has met sub-project eligibility criteria
satisfactory to the Association, including the payment by the
beneficiary of: (i) not less than 10% of the total cost of a sub-
project approved through December 31, 1994, and (ii) not less than
20% of the total cost of a sub-project approved thereafter.
4.    The Association may, under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower, require
withdrawals from the Credit Account to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure for: (i) expenditures under contracts for
goods, works and services not exceeding $40,000 equivalent, and (ii)
operating costs.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in:
(i) building local capacity through private sector development and
public reform; (ii) undertaking the rehabilitation and maintenance
of infrastructure; (iii) reducing current unemployment through the
creation of jobs in the public works and construction sector;
(iv) demonstrating the feasibility of labor-intensive construction
practices; and (v) alleviating poverty.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives.
Part A:     Investment Components
1.    Rehabilitation and maintenance of public infrastructure in
urban areas and on the road network through labor-intensive schemes
carried out by local contractors employed by GAMWORKS under
contracts satisfactory to the Association, including:
      (a)   public works program consisting of:
            (i)   construction, rehabilitation and maintenance of
                  street and road drainage and of small bridges;
           (ii)   construction, repairs, rehabilitation and
                  maintenance of street and road pavement and
                  shoulders;
          (iii)   construction, rehabilitation and maintenance of
                  classrooms, health and other public facilities;
           (iv)   street cleaning and garbage collection;
Page  10
            (v)   water and soil conservation works;
           (vi)   construction, rehabilitation and maintenance of
                  recreation areas and sports facilities; and
          (vii)   tree planting activities; and
      (b)   a public services program aimed at demonstrating the
cost-efficiency and sustainability of labor-intensive schemes
consisting of:
            (i)   cleaning of streets, drainage and sewerage
                  network and other public infrastructure and
                  facilities and removal of accumulated waste; and
           (ii)   collection and transport of waste to
                  concentration points including transport of waste
                  to final deposits by local government authorities
                  using trucks and loaders.
Part B:     Capacity Building Component
1.    Strengthening the technical and managerial capacity of small-
and medium-scale building and construction firms carrying out sub-
projects under the Project including a scheme for training domestic
contractors and consultants consisting of:
      (i)   preparation of an action plan for such training;
      (ii)  training of entrepreneurs and their administrative staff
            and local consultants in business administration and
            financial management;
      (iii) training of consultants in the techniques of works and
            services and in the organization of effective Project
            activities;
      (iv)  training of foremen in work organization procedures;
      (v)   technical training courses to improve the skill of basic
            workers; and
      (vi)  the carrying out of training works in the main Project
            activities.
2.    Provision of technical assistance to Project beneficiaries and
the strengthening of community participation in the Project
including:
            (i)   assisting beneficiaries to prepare feasibility
                  studies and Project technical proposals;
           (ii)   dissemination of information on Project works and
                  activities to neighborhood committees, day
                  laborers and micro-entrepreneurs to increase
                  public awareness and support for the Project; and
          (iii)   preparation of an action plan for community
                  participation.
Part C:     Study Components
1.    Development of a comprehensive buildings and road maintenance
management policy for the public buildings and highway sector,
including:
            (i)   the preparation of an appropriate action plan;
           (ii)   the development of appropriate policies and
                  procedures for the progressive use of private
                  contractors in place of force account in road
                  maintenance works; and
Page  11
          (iii)   development of an appropriate highway maintenance
                  strategy and investment program including the
                  adoption of life cycle economic evaluation of
                  investments and recurrent cost analysis.
2.    Development of the construction industry and the establishment
of a dialogue between public agencies and the construction sector,
including:
            (i)   preparation of an appropriate action plan;
           (ii)   the establishment of institutional arrangements:
                  (A) to provide, on a permanent and sustainable
                  basis, technical and managerial training to
                  contractors, and (B) to provide educational
                  schemes in the construction trades;
          (iii)   the establishment of effective associations of
                  contractors and consultants;
           (iv)   strengthening of construction enterprises; and
            (v)   a review, and revision, as necessary, of relevant
                  enactments affecting the construction industry.
3.    The carrying out of a study of the Borrower's procurement
policies and practices including the preparation of an action plan
for the carrying out of needed reforms and the development and
implementation of sound and efficient procurement practices.
                        *       *      *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
Page  12
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Page  13
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
subparagraph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited
to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation
in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
