Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3868 MK
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
                      (Transit Facilitation Project)
                                  between
                   FORMER YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC OF MACEDONIA
                              (THE GUARANTOR)
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                (THE BANK)
                            Dated June 8, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3868 MK
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 8, 1995, between the Guarantor and
the Bank.
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Republican Road
Organization (the Borrower) having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in
the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty four
million dollars ($24,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agrees to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower
in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
Page  2
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan
Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part
of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the
respective meanings therein set forth, and the term "Action
Plan for Trade Facilitation" means the Guarantor's plan dated
February 17, 1995 to improve customs services to facilitate
trade.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Guarantee Agreement, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on,
the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other obligations
of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be
inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required for the
carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory
to the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed to meet
such expenditures.
                                ARTICLE III
                    Execution of Part B of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out Part B of
the Project through its Customs Agency with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and economic practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation in the generality of paragraph (a)
of this Section, the Guarantor shall: (i) carry out Part B of
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Plan; (ii)
maintain a Steering Committee, with staff and other resources
and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, whose
membership shall include qualified representatives of its
Customs Agency and its Ministry of Transport and Communication
and of the Borrower, to be responsible for the overall
coordination of Project execution; and (iii) employ
consultants, with qualifications and terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank, to assist in the carrying out of Part
B of the Project.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to
the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08
and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Guarantor shall:
             (i)    prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                    to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank not later
                    than six (6) months after the Closing Date or
                    such later date as may be agreed for this
                    purpose between the Bank and the Guarantor, a
                    plan for the future operation of Part B of the
                    Project;
            (ii)    afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                    exchange views with the Guarantor on said
                    plan; and
           (iii)    thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                    diligence and efficiency and in accordance
                    with appropriate practices, taking into
                    account the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Fund Sharing Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Fund Sharing Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures
in respect of Part B of the Project of the departments and
agencies of the Guarantor responsible for the carrying out of
Part B of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts, as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                              Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. The Guarantor shall carry out the Action
Page  4
Plan for Trade Facilitation dated February 17, 1995 with due
diligence and efficiency and in a manner designed to achieve
the objectives thereof.
                                 ARTICLE V
                Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            Dame Gruev 14
            91000 Skopje
                                          Telex:
                                            51119
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        GUARANTOR
                        By    /s/ Ljubica Z. Acevska
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By    /s/ Rachel Lomaz
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
