         I
         Inntte
              errn
                 naattiio
                        onna all B
                                 Baan nkkffo
                                           orrRRe co
                                                 ec onnssttr
                                                           ruuccttiio
                                                                    onnaannd
                                                                           dD De  evve
                                                                                     ello
                                                                                        op me
                                                                                          pm  ntt
                                                                                             en         86328
                        In
                        I ntte rn
                              er na
                                  attiio
                                       on all D
                                         na   De ve
                                                ev ello
                                                      oppmme  enntt AAsss
                                                                        so ciia
                                                                          oc       on
                                                                              attiio n
                             International Finance Corporation
                    Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                                  FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                                  CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                                                          EDS97-400
                                                                                                    Nov em
                                                                                                    Novemb be
                                                                                                            err3
                                                                                                               3,, 1
                                                                                                                   1999
                                                                                                                      977

Board Meeting of November 4, 1997
Statement by Khalid Alyahya


        Yemen: Country Assistance Strategy - Progress Report,
                 Financial Sector Adjustment Credit,
            Southern Governorate Rural Development Project

     It is very encouraging that the initial phase of reforms in Yemen
has been implemented with great success. As the documents show, these
measures have stabilized the economy, restored business confidence,
and laid down the foundation for increased investment and growth.
More recently, the authorities have initiated commendable efforts to
broaden and deepen structural reforms. They have demonstrated a clear
commitment to continued sound macroeconomic management, and they
deserve increased support from the Bank Group.

     The envisaged Bank assistance to Yemen in the coming years, as
presented in the Progress Report, adequately addresses developmental
challenges in the areas of structural reform, human development, and
social protection.

     In the area of structural reform, we welcome the two-stage
approach as applied to the civil service and public administration.
Assistance is first provided to help formulate a program that enjoys
wide support and ownership. This will be followed in the second stage
by the implementation of an IDA supported adjustment operation.    We
appreciate this gradual approach to reform, which takes into
consideration the limited local capacity to formulate and implement
structural policy changes.

     Given the pressing needs in the health and education sectors, I
applaud the authorities for their commitment to significantly increase
budgetary outlays for these services.    Placing emphasis in the short
term on improving operations and maintenance would enhance service
provision in these vital sectors. Still, the needs remain very large.
Here, I encourage Bank and IFC staff to join efforts in exploring the
potential for mobilizing private resources to supply basic social
services in Yemen.    Perhaps, IFCâ€™s recent experience in the social
sectors in Pakistan could provide some guidance in Yemen.

     In the area of social protection, significant efforts are made
within the context of the ongoing Public Works project, the Vocational
Training project, and the Social Fund for Development. These efforts
                                   2
                                   2

are helping create jobs for unskilled workers, and preparing them for
opportunities in the labor market.       Such projects have a clear
potential for contributing to the improvement of the living conditions
of the poor.    In the same vein, the proposed Southern Governorates
Rural Development project would provide assistance for the creation of
labor-intensive agricultural and other productive activities, on a
sustainable basis, in poor rural areas.

     As for private sector participation in economic activity,
increased assistance from the Bank Group is warranted.     Significant
growth in non-oil activities, better investment climate, and        an
improved external financial situation, all present new opportunities
for private sector participation.    IFC could move faster to try and
capture available investment opportunities, and MIGA could provide
additional assistance in investment promotion activities.

     To further promote sustained growth in the economy, there is a
need to modernize the banking sector and develop its capacity to
intermediate resources. I thus support the proposed Financial Sector
Adjustment Credit which would help, among other things, in improving
compliance with international standards of capital adequacy and loan
loss provisioning.   This would improve the management of the banking
sector and raise the confidence in it.       As noted in the project
document, the main risk facing the reforms in this sector is the
limited local expertise and implementation capacity.

      To mitigate this risk, the reform program of the financial sector
is   properly   sequenced   to   facilitate     an  effective   gradual
implementation of the reform process which takes into account the
limited local capacity.       Institutional Improvements constitute a
prominent component of the program. In addition, measures to be taken
before Board presentation of the project, and before the second
tranche release, are clear and specific.

     Finally, I commend staff and management of the MENA region on the
quality of the documents. The content reflects deep understanding of
the changing circumstances in Yemen, an understanding which promotes
continued  fruitful   cooperation   between   the  Bank   and   Yemen.
