Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2337 MOZ
               (Agricultural Services Rehabilitation
                     and Development Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 30, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2337 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 30, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF
MOZAMBIQUE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
Page  2
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "BM" means Bank of Mozambique (Banco de Mocambique)
acting in its dual capacity of: (i) Central Bank of the Borrower
established pursuant to its Statutes (Lei Organica, No. 1/92) dated
January 3, 1992 (BM/Central); or (ii) as separate commercial banking
institution (BM/Commercial);
      (b)   "BPD" means People's Development Bank (Banco Popular de
Desenvolvimento) of the Borrower;
      (c)   "DINAGECA" means the National Directorate for Geography
and Cadastre of the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture;
      (d)   "DNDR" means the National Directorate for Rural
Development of the Borrower;
      (e)   "family subsector" means family-owned agricultural
production units;
      (f)   "FCC" means Field Coordinating Committee as set forth
under Part A.5 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (g)   "INIA" means the National Agricultural Research
Institute of the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture;
      (h)   "MOA" means the Ministry of Agriculture of the Borrower;
      (i)   "PCC" means Project Coordination Committee as set forth
under Part A.4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (j)   "Subsidiary Administration Agreement" means the
agreement entered into between the Borrower and BM/Central pursuant
to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes all schedules to the
Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
      (k)   "PFI" or " Participating Financial Institution" means
each commercial bank, development bank or credit institution
acceptable to the Association to which BM/Central, under an
agreement ("Participation Agreement") with such bank or institution,
has lent the proceeds of the credit for relending to a Beneficiary,
as hereinafter defined;
      (l)   "Beneficiary" means any: (i) family subsector unit, on
an individual basis, or under group credit arrangements; or (ii)
rural trader, which meets the criteria set forth in Part B of
Schedule 6 to this Agreement and for which a PFI has made or
proposed to make a Subloan for a Subproject, as hereinafter defined;
      (m)   "Subloan" means a loan or credit made or proposed to be
made by a PFI to a Beneficiary for a Subproject, as hereinafter
defined, out of the proceeds of the Credit made available to
BM/Central under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
      (n)   "Subloan Agreement" means an agreement entered into
between each PFI and the respective Beneficiary in accordance with
the procedures, and on the terms and conditions set forth in
Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
      (o)   "Subproject" means a specific project to be carried out
by a Beneficiary utilizing the proceeds of a Subloan fulfilling the
criteria and following the procedures set forth in Part B of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
Page  3
      (p)   "PRONAR" means National Program for Rural Water Supply
of the Borrower;
      (q)   "UDA" means Unit for Development Activities of MOA, as
set forth under Part A.1 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (r)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to exchange of letters dated June 26, 1989, and August 1,
1989; July 9, 1990, and August 7, 1990; and March 31, 1990, and June
24, 1991; and, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (s)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (t)   "Metical" and the plural "meticais" mean the currency of
the Borrower;
      (u)   "fiscal year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from January 1 to December 31; and
      (v)   "Project year" means each period of twelve months,
beginning the first Project year, on the Effective Date, as defined
in Section 6.01 of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-five million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 25,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank, on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2000, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Page  4
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15 commenc-
ing July 15, 2002, and ending January 15, 2032.  Each installment to
and including the installment payable on January 15, 2012, shall be
one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
agricultural, environmental, managerial, accounting and financial
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
Page  5
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.
      (c)   (i) The Borrower shall, out of the proceeds of the
Credit for Part B of the Project, transfer to BM/Central an amount
equivalent to five million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 5,200,000) under a Subsidiary Administration Agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and BM/Central on terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association and as
set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
            (ii)   the Subsidiary Administration Agreement shall
                   include, inter alia, the following provisions:
                   (A)   definition of the functions and respon-
                         sibilities of BM/Central and the PFIs
                         regarding Part B of the Project;
                   (B)   the obligation of BM/Central to enter into
                         a Participation Agreement with each PFI
                         under which the equivalent of the proceeds
                         of the Credit allocated under Part B of
                         the Project will be lent to such PFI for
                         relending in the form of Subloans to
                         Beneficiaries to finance Subprojects, such
                         Participation Agreement to be satisfactory
                         to the Association and in accordance with
                         the provisions of Part A of Schedule 6 to
                         this Agreement; and
                   (C)   the Borrower, through its Ministry of
                         Finance, shall carry the foreign exchange
                         risk.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise and cause BM/Central to
exercise its respective rights under the Subsidiary Administration
Agreement, in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the
Credit and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not take or concur in any action which should have
the effect of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the said
Agreement or any provisions thereof.
      (e)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    ensure that Subloans made under Part B of the
                   Project will be made in accordance with the
                   procedures, terms and conditions set forth in
                   Schedule 6 to this Agreement; and
           (ii)    conduct, jointly with the Association, annual
                   reviews of said procedures, terms, conditions,
                   and applicable interest rates and margins.
      Section 3.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 and
Part A.4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The procurement of plant protection materials under Part
A.2 (c) of the Project shall be reviewed and previously approved by
the Association.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall: (a) jointly with the
Association conduct bi-annual Project implementation reviews,
including a mid-term review, to be held not later than July 31,
1996, to monitor: (i) progress achieved in carrying out the Project
Page  6
and meeting the targets set forth in the Annual Development Program
and the actions described under Part C.2 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement; and (ii) assess the impact of the implementation of
cotton pricing policies; special agricultural extension activity
carried out by the selected joint-venture company; involvement of
the communities in the carrying out of operation and maintenance of
water supply; and formation of farmer groups and credit intake; and
(b) promptly thereafter, carry out those recommendations arising out
of said reviews in accordance with an action program and a timetable
agreed with the Association.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall take all necessary measures
to gradually increase in real terms the annual budgetary allocations
made to finance its contribution to the Project, in order to fully
cover all incremental recurrent costs after the completion of the
Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than nine months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of such audit by said audi-
                   tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, or-
                   ders, invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
                   ments) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
Page  7
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Borrower or BM/Central shall have failed to perform
any of their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Administra-
tion Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that BM/Central
will be able to perform its obligations under the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement;
      (c)   the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action: (i) concerning the Borrower's agricultural
services, financial and banking sectors that would materially affect
the ability of the Borrower or BM/Central to perform any of their
respective obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) for the
respective dissolution or disestablishment of BM/Commercial or BPD
or any other PFI having entered into a Participation Agreement with
BM/Central or for the suspension of their respective operations; and
      (d)   the respective Statutes of BM/Commercial, BPD or any
other PFI having entered into a Participation Agreement with
BM/Central shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed
or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of
BM/Commercial, BPD or any other PFI having entered into a Participa-
tion Agreement with BM/Central to perform any of their respective
obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely,
that any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) or (d) of Sec-
tion 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty (60) days after notice thereof shall have been given
by the Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that MOA's Unit for Development Activities has been
established and the following staff appointed: economist in charge
of formulation of pricing policies and economist in charge of
project monitoring and evaluation, as set forth under Part A.1 (c)
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
      (b)   (i) Component Coordinators, with qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Association, have been appointed in
accordance with terms of reference described under Part A.3 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (ii) that the Project Coordination
Committee has been established; as set forth under Part A.4 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
Page  8
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions,
to be included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the
Association, namely, that this Agreement has been duly ratified by
the Borrower's Council of Ministers and is legally binding upon the
Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of Bank of Mozambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco de Mocambique
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O.Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:           Telex:
                   MOBANCO             6355/7 BMMO
                   Maputo
                                     Facsimile:
                                       29178
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:           Telex:
                   INDEVAS             248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.     82987 (FTCC)
                                        64145 (WUI) or
                                       197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                   By /s/ Hipolito Patricio Zozimo
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  9
                   By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Credit Allocated         % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil works:
     (a) housing;                550,000        90%
     (b) building                300,000        90%
         rehabilitation;
         and
     (c) rural water           1,050,000        100%
         supply
(2)  Vehicles and
     equipment:
     (a) under Part B.4          575,000        100% of total
         of the Project;                        expenditures
         and                                    incurred until
                                                June 30, 1996
     (b) under Parts A, C,     2,425,000        100%
         D and E of the
         Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)   Consultants'             7,400,000        100%
      services,
      training, studies
      and audits
(4)   Goods and services       5,200,000        100%
      under Line of
      Credit
(5)   (a)  salaries for        3,000,000   )    100% of expen-
           incremental                     )    ditures incurred
           Project staff;                  )    between the
           and                            )     Effective Date and
                                          )     June 30, 1994;
      (b)  incremental         1,850,000   )    75% of expen-
           operating                       )    ditures incurred
           costs                          )     between July 1,)1994
and June 30,
                                          )     1996; 68% of
                                          )     expenditures
                                          )     incurred between
                                          )     July 1, 1996
                                          )     and June 30, 1998,
                                          )     and 60% of expen-
                                          )     ditures incurred
Page  10
                                          )     between July 1,
                                          )     1998 and June 30,
                                          )     2000
(6)   Refunding of               750,000        Amount due
      Project                                   pursuant to
      Preparation                               Section 2.02 (c)
      Advance                                   of this Agreement
(7)   Unallocated              2,800,000
                               _________
           TOTAL              25,900,000
                              ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "incremental operating costs" means: (i) office
expenses; and (ii) cost of operation and maintenance of equipment,
vehicles and buildings used in the execution of the Project as
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement; and
      (d)   the term "training" means foreign or local fellowships,
conferences, courses and study tours.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   Category (1) unless the Association has received
evidence satisfactory to it, certifying the Borrower's legal
ownership of land where civil works financed under the Credit will
be carried out under the Project;
      (c)   Category (1) (c) unless the Association has received
evidence of the satisfactory completion by the Borrower of the Study
and Review referred to under Part C.3 of the Project; and
      (d)   Category (4) unless:
            (i)   the Association has received evidence satisfacto-
                  ry to it that the Subsidiary Administration
                  Agreement: (A) has been executed on behalf of the
                  Borrower and BM/Central on terms satisfactory to
                  the Association and in accordance with the provi-
                  sions of Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement; and
                  (B) has been duly authorized and is legally
                  binding upon the Borrower and BM/Central, and a
                  legal opinion has been issued to that effect in
                  accordance with Section 12.02 of the General
                  Conditions; and
            (ii)  in respect of each PFI unless: (A) BM/Central has
                  entered into a Participation Agreement with the
                  respective PFI on terms and conditions agreed
                  with the Association, and in accordance with the
                  provisions of Section 3.01 (c) and Part A of
                  Schedule 6 to this Agreement; and (B) the Associ-
                  ation has been furnished for its approval with
                  the Model Subloan Agreement to be entered into
                  between each PFI and the respective Beneficiary
Page  11
                  in accordance with the procedures, terms and
                  conditions set forth under Part C of Schedule 6
                  to this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to increase production and
returns from food crop and cotton cultivation in the family
subsector through the development of effective agricultural services
in the provinces of Nampula and Cabo Delgado.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Upgrading of Agricultural Services
1. Extension:
      (a)   (i) strengthening of MOA's rural extension network; (ii)
on-the-job training for field extension staff and farmers; and (iii)
acquisition of office equipment, supplies, and vehicles;
      (b)   carrying out, through a contractual agreement with a
selected joint-venture company, in one or two selected districts, a
special extension activity related to the development of all crops
grown by farmers, including livestock where relevant;
      (c)   (i) basic training program for extension staff at all
levels; and (ii) rehabilitation and operation of the Namialo
Training Center;
      (d)   provision of technical support and higher level training
for extension and training staff; and
      (e)   establishment and strengthening of farmer organization
teams.
2.    Applied Research:
      (a)   carrying out adaptive cotton and food crop research
programs, at Nampula and Namialo research stations, including
studies on: green manures, rotations, intercropping and the use of
fallows as part of soil fertility, alley cropping, vegetative strips
and agro-forestry;
      (b)   carrying out a cotton breeding program;
      (c)   developing an integrated pest management program adapted
to local conditions;
      (d)   strengthening of INIA's farming systems research
program;
      (e)   local and foreign training for research staff in, inter
alia, the following: cotton and foodcrop research, integrated pest
management, farming systems research methodology and data analysis;
      (f)   rehabilitation and operation of the Nampula and Namialo
research stations; and
      (g)   provision of office and laboratory equipment, supplies
and vehicles.
Part B:      Provision of Credit
1.    Financing of specific Subprojects through Subloans to eligible
Beneficiaries.
2.    Establishment and strengthening of credit groups and credit
Page  12
group arrangements.
3.    Training for PFIs' staff and credit group officials.
4.    Strengthening credit delivery and loan servicing through
the acquisition of vehicles, supplies and office equipment.
5.    Strengthening PFIs' organizational and managerial lending
capabilities.
Part C:     Upgrading of Rural Water Supply
1.    Strengthening a well and borehole construction program in the
Nampula province through: (a) rehabilitation of existing and
construction of new rural water supply systems; and (b) provision of
equipment and technical support for the operation and maintenance of
said systems.
2.    Carrying out an Inventory of Rural Water Supply Infrastruc-
ture.
3.    Carrying out: (a) a Rural Water Supply Operation and Main-
tenance Study; and (b) a Review of community involvement in rural
water supply operation and maintenance.
4.    Development of a five-year Rural Water Development Plan for
the Nampula province.
Part D:     Land Use and Management
1.    Carrying out aerial photography, ground verification and
cadastral mapping of Project area.
2.    Collection of socio-economic, agronomic and land tenure data.
3.    Assessment of soil conservation needs and formulation of soil
conservation packages.
4.    Monitoring of impact of soil conservation and land management
practices.
5.    Carrying out a comparative land titling study.
6.    Strengthening DINAGECA and INIA through the provision of:
staff training and acquisition of office equipment, supplies and
vehicles.
Part E:     Institutional Development
1.    Setting-up, and operation of the Unit for Development
Activities (UDA) and strengthening of its managerial and technical
capabilities.
2.    Local and foreign training for MOA staff in management pricing
analysis, marketing, and rural survey design.
3.    Strengthening of the capabilities of staff responsible for
Project coordination and implementation in management, planning and
programming, accounting, budgeting, procurement, monitoring and
evaluation techniques.
4.    Implementation of a monitoring and evaluation system,
including the establishment of a management information system and
an impact evaluation system.
                              *  *  *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2000.
                            SCHEDULE 3
Page  13
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works estimated
to cost the equivalent of more than $150,000 shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
3.    Goods shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by
a third-party inspection firm.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mozambique may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Local Competitive Bidding:
      Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $150,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000,
including those to be financed under Part B of the Project, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfac-
tory to the Association.
2.    International or Local Shopping:
      Items or groups of items, including those to be financed under
the line of credit referred to under Part B.1 of the Project,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per contract, up
to an aggregate amount equivalent to $250,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the Guide-
lines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.    Direct Contracting:
      Training materials and spare parts for vehicles which may be
awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.    Force Account:
      (a)   Civil works referred to under Part C of the Project may
be carried out by force account.
      (b)   Costs of said civil works will be based on actual
expenditures incurred by the Borrower and are estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1500 or less per well and $3500 or less per borehole.
Page  14
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for vehicles and equipment
not included under Part B of the Project estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      (a)   In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
      (b)   A standard contract, satisfactory to the Association,
for the employment of all consultants financed under the Credit
shall be approved by the Borrower's Ministry of Finance not later
than thirty (30) days after its submission by the Project Coordi-
nator.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     Project Coordination
1.    Unit for Development Activities (UDA):
      (a)   The Borrower shall, during the implementation of the
Project, establish and thereafter maintain UDA with the staffing and
responsibilities described here below. UDA shall report directly to
the Vice Minister of Agriculture.
      (b)   UDA shall, in addition to the coordination of Project
implementation activities, be responsible for annual planning,
programming and budgeting of agricultural development activities.
      (c)   UDA shall have the following: (i) key staff: Project
Coordinator, as hereinafter defined; economist in charge of
formulation of pricing policies; economist in charge of Project
monitoring and evaluation; and (ii) other technical staff including,
Page  15
a technical advisor to the Vice Minister of Agriculture; pricing and
marketing expert; two general economists; expatriate experts in
agricultural pricing policy, agricultural marketing and rural
surveys design, agro-industry, and cotton grading; and a senior
agricultural economist.
2.    Project Coordinator (PC):
      (a)   A Project Coordinator with qualifications and experience
satisfactory to the Association shall be appointed by the Minister
of Agriculture.
      (b)   The PC shall be responsible, inter alia, for the
following:
            (i)   review and approval of annual development plans
                  for the respective Project components and pro-
                  grams and budgets submitted by participating
                  institutions;
           (ii)   consolidation of component plans into the Annual
                  Development Program;
          (iii)   carrying out economic analysis and long-term
                  planning of the cotton subsector, including the
                  definition of cotton pricing policy;
           (iv)   monitoring and evaluation of Project implementa-
                  tion;
            (v)   inter-institutional coordination; and
           (vi)   supervising procurement and disbursement proce-
                  dures.
      (c)   In discharging his/her responsibilities, the PC shall be
assisted by a full-time Assistant Project Coordinator and the
following technical staff: (i) coordination and management consul-
tant who will assist in setting up systems and procedures for the
coordination, monitoring and financial control of the Project; (ii)
planning and organization procedures consultant who will work
closely with the consultant described in (i) above in developing the
tools necessary for Project management and in the selection of
software suitable for the Project; (iii) financial control consul-
tant who will develop and implement a financial control and
accounting system for the Project; and (iv) the procurement
consultant who will develop simple procedures for the procurement of
goods and services, in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3
to this Agreement.
      (d)   The PC shall ensure that each Component Coordinator
submits a consolidated annual development plan for the respective
Project component.
      (e)   The PC, assisted by the Component Coordinators shall
prepare semiannual progress reports describing the physical and
financial progress of the Project and its impact. These reports
shall be submitted to the Association not later than three months
after the end of each semester.
3.    Component Coordinators (CC):
      (a)   Each participating institution: DNDR, INIA, DINAGECA,
PRONAR, BPD and BM/Commercial, shall appoint a Component Coordinator
with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   Each CC shall, inter alia, have the following respon-
sibilities:
            (i)   facilitating the implementation of the respective
                  Project component; and
           (ii)   ensuring that all agreements are carried out.
Page  16
4.    Project Coordinating Committee (PCC):
      (a)   A Project Coordinating Committee to coordinate the
implementation of Project activities shall be established by the
Ministry of Agriculture.
      (b)   The PCC shall be chaired by the Minister of Agriculture,
or any other official nominated by him.
      (c)   All six CCs shall participate in the PCC as members, and
the PC shall serve as Secretary.
      (d)   The PCC shall meet at least once every quarter.
5.    Field Coordinating Committee (FCC):
      (a)   Each province shall have a Field Coordinating Committee
headed by the respective Provincial Governor and consisting  of the
provincial Field Project Coordinator, as hereinafter defined, a
monitoring and evaluation officer and a secretary.
      (b)   The FCC shall meet at least every two months.
      (c)   A provincial Field Project Coordinator shall be
appointed by the respective Provincial Governor to deal with the
day-to-day affairs of the Project.
Part B:     Annual Development Program
      An Annual Development Program setting up the implementation
targets shall be reviewed and approved annually in a session of PCC
which shall be attended by all CCs.
Part C:     Project Implementation Program
1.    Responsibilities of institutions involved in Project implemen-
      tation:
      (a)   MOA shall have responsibility for the overall Project
implementation;
      (b)   Part A of the Project:
            (i)   the Provincial Governors shall be responsible for
                  overseeing the upgrading of agricultural services
                  financed under the Project;
           (ii)   Part A.1 (b) shall be coordinated by DNDR's Head
                  of Extension in Maputo through the respective CC
                  and the Provincial Directorate for Agriculture
                  PDAs;
          (iii)   Part A.1 (c) (i) shall be carried out by the
                  respective PDAS;
           (iv)   The PDA, Nampula province, shall be responsible
                  for the rehabilitation works referred to under
                  Part A.1 (c) (ii) of the Project; and
            (v)   Part A.2 of the Project shall be carried out by
                  INIA.
      (c)   Part B of the Project:
      Part B shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Part C of the Project:
            (i)   Part C.1 shall be coordinated by PRONAR;
Page  17
            (ii)  Part C.1 (a) of the Project shall be carried out
                  by GEOMOG; and
            (iii) Parts C.2, C.3 and C.4 of the Project shall be
                  carried out by PRONAR.
      (e)   Part D of the Project:
      Part D of the Project shall be carried out by DINAGECA,  INIA
and UDA.
2.    Schedule of actions to be carried out by the Borrower during
      Project implementation:
      Except as the Association and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   during the first Project year: (i) but not later than
nine months after the Effective Date, identify and select the
required local and expatriate staff for the Namialo and Nampula
research stations; (ii) but not later than August 30, 1993, enter
into a contract satisfactory to the Association with a selected
joint-venture company to provide extension services in one or two
selected districts; (iii) but not later than one year after the
Effective Date, review further detail and agree with the Associa-
tion, on the carrying out of the cotton and foodcrops research
programs, including the cotton breeding program; (iv) carry out the
Rural Water Supply System Inventory and the Review of Community
involvement in rural water supply operation and maintenance; and
promptly thereafter, implement those recommendations agreed with the
Association; (v) design and review jointly with the Association, a
farm and factory-gate pricing system for cotton, based on border
prices, promptly thereafter implement said system taking into
consideration the views provided by the Association, and update it
annually; (vi) but not later than six months after the Effective
Date, appoint the monitoring and evaluation core team; (vii) but not
later than six months after the Effective Date, take all necessary
measures to appoint the Field Coordinating Committee and the Field
Project Coordinator as described in Part A.5 of this Schedule; and
(viii) but not later than six months after the Effective Date, fully
detail the methodology for data collection and analysis, the working
arrangements for the carrying out of the land use and management
component and the contracts to be signed with the various sub-
contractors.
      (b)   During the second Project year: (i) carry out the
Operation and Maintenance for Rural Water Supply Study and the Five-
Year Rural Water Development Plan; (ii) submit to the Association
for its review and comment, the recommendations of the above-
mentioned study and plan; and promptly thereafter carry out said
recommendations taking into consideration the views provided by the
Association.
      (c)   During the third Project year: (i) evaluate the services
provided by the joint-venture company under the contract entered
into between said company and the Borrower; and (ii) carry out the
study on titling impact, in accordance with terms of reference
agreed with the Association.
      (d)   During the fourth Project year: decide whether the
program carried out with the selected joint-venture company would be
expanded under the Project.
      (e)   During Project implementation, the Borrower shall ensure
that new facilities will be built only in localities where legal
representatives of said localities have entered into satisfactory
agreements with GEOMOC to operate and maintain said facilities.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
Page  18
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures. All such deposits shall be with-
                  drawn by the Association from the Credit Account
                  under the respective eligible Categories, and in
                  the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
                  been justified by said documents and other evi-
                  dence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Arti-
cle V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
Page  19
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit
Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
           Procedures, Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
                   and Participation Agreements
                    under Part B of the Project
Part A:     Participation Agreements
1.    (a)   PFIs shall lend the metical equivalent of the proceeds
of the Credit, onlent to them by BM/Central, through Subloans  to
Beneficiaries to finance the following:
            (i)   the purchase of farm inputs, including improved
                  seed, fertilizers, insecticides, farm tools,
                  spraying equipment and other agricultural imple-
                  ments; for a term not to exceed one (1) year;
           (ii)   the cost of production costs, hire charges for
                  machinery services, aerial or mechanized spraying
                  and purchase of fertilizers, for a term not to
                  exceed one (1) year; and
          (iii)   working capital needed to purchase inputs and
                  outputs, for a term not to exceed two (2) years.
Page  20
      (b)   PFIs shall charge a variable interest rate on Subloans
to Beneficiaries at the Borrower's prevailing interest rate
including a margin negotiated within the respective Participation
Agreement. Margins shall be reviewed simultaneously with the annual
review of the interest rate structure carried out by the Borrower
and the Association. For the purposes of this Schedule the term
"prevailing interest rate" means the rate determined by the Borrower
pursuant to the provisions of a joint Despacho issued by the
Minister of Finance of the Borrower and the Governor of BM/Central,
dated September 20, 1991, as amended from time to time.
      (c)   PFIs shall repay to BM/Central the amounts onlent to
them through the respective Participation Agreements, on the basis
of the repayment schedules established for the individual Subloans
made to Beneficiaries. Repayment to BM/Central shall take place even
when PFIs have not collected the amount onlent to Beneficiaries.
      (d)   No individual subloan should exceed the aggregate amount
of $250,000 each.
2.    Each Participation Agreement shall contain provisions pursuant
to which each PFI shall, inter alia:
      (a)   continue to be duly established and operating under the
laws of the Borrower;
      (b)   designate qualified staff, including an adequate number
of credit technicians, to manage Subloans under the Project;
      (c)   perform satisfactory appraisal of the financial, techni-
cal, environmental and economic feasibility of Subprojects, in
accordance with procedures prescribed in lending manuals prepared by
the Borrower and submit appraisal reports to BM/Central and the
Association when the loan exceeds one hundred thousand dollars
($100,000);
      (d)   make Subloans to eligible Beneficiaries on the basis of
procedures, terms, conditions and eligibility criteria set forth in
this Schedule;
      (e)   ensure that Subloan funds are used by Beneficiaries for
the purposes intended;
      (f)   supervise Subprojects according to procedures agreed
between the Borrower and the Association, and maintain adequate
records;
      (g)   provide to BM/Central, MOA and the Association periodic
reports on the status of Subprojects and Subloans and any such
information as said institutions may reasonably request;
      (h)   bear the lending risk and adhere to terms of lending and
repayment of Subloans; and
      (i)   be eligible to receive Credit funds to finance invest-
ments in vehicles, supplies, office equipment, and incremental
administrative expenditures in respect of group credit organization
and administration.
3.    The PFIs shall retain out of the interest payments due from
the Beneficiaries a margin not exceeding thirty-two percent (32%) of
the accrued interest on Subloans made to traders, or of the fixed
finance charges, on Subloans made to credit groups.
4.    Procurement:
      (a)   With respect to the procurement of goods and services to
be financed under Subloans, each Participation Agreement shall
contain provisions requiring each PFI to ensure that said goods and
services be procured in accordance with commercial practices
acceptable to the Association and after comparing price quotations
Page  21
obtained from at least three suppliers selected from a wide
geographic spread of firms;
      (b)   each PFI shall ensure that such goods and services shall
be exclusively used in the carrying out of the Subproject, maintain-
ing appropriate records of the procurement procedures followed; and
      (c)   consultants shall have qualifications, experience and be
employed on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Association
in August 1981.
Part B:     Eligibility Criteria for Beneficiaries and Subprojects
1.    General Procedures
      (a)   The following Beneficiaries are eligible to receive
Subloans from PFIs:
            (i)   family subsectors, on an individual basis or
                  through credit groups;
           (ii)   small-scale private commercial farmers;
          (iii)   rural traders engaged in input supply and market-
                  ing of agricultural products in rural areas; and
      (b)   Subloans shall be used by Beneficiaries to finance:
            (i)   farm inputs and outputs;
           (ii)   cost of hire charges for machinery and equipment;
          (iii)   agricultural machinery;
           (iv)   vehicles and spare parts; and
            (v)   procurement of technical know-how and
                  consultants' services.
      (c)   Subloans may finance: (i) up to one hundred percent
(100%) of cost of purchased inputs under a Subproject proposed by a
credit group; and (ii)  up to ninety percent (90%) of any Subproject
proposed by individual beneficiaries who shall contribute in cash,
with a minimum amount equivalent to ten percent (10%) of the
Subproject.
2.    Appraisal of Subprojects - Eligibility Criteria
      (a)   Each PFI shall prepare an appraisal report of each Sub-
project submitted to them, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
      (b)   Appraisal reports shall include, inter alia, the
following:
            (i)   analysis of the proposed Subproject, including
                  its technical soundness, financial, environmental
                  and economic viability;
           (ii)   assessment of the creditworthiness of the pro-
                  spective borrower;
          (iii)   calculation of the financial rate of return (FRR)
                  based on a cash flow analysis and a balance sheet
                  analysis, for Subloans above one hundred thousand
                  dollars ($100,000);
           (iv)   calculation of the economic rate of return (ERR)
Page  22
                  for Subloans above two hundred and fifty thousand
                  dollars ($250,000); and
            (v)   assessment of loan security provided.
Part C:     Subloan Agreements
1.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the respective PFI
shall obtain, by written contract with the respective Beneficiary,
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Borrower, the
Association and BM/Central, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Beneficiary to carry out and operate the
Subproject with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
sound technical, financial, managerial and environmental standards
and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   inspect by itself, or jointly with representatives of
the Borrower and the Association, if the Association shall so
request, such goods, works, plants and construction included in the
Subproject operation thereof, and any relevant records and docu-
ments;
      (c)   require that:
            (i)   the Beneficiary shall take out and maintain with
                  responsible insurers such insurance, against such
                  risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent
                  with sound business practice; and
           (ii)   without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
                  insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
                  acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
                  financed out of the proceeds of the Credit to the
                  place of use or installation, any indemnity
                  thereunder to be made payable in a currency
                  freely usable by the Beneficiary to replace or
                  repair such goods;
      (d)   obtain all such information as BM/Central or the
Association shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and
to the administration, operations and financial condition of the
respective Beneficiaries and to the benefits derived to them from
the Subproject;
      (e)   require that procurement of goods and services is car-
ried out in accordance with the provisions referred to in Part A.4
of this Schedule; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Beneficiary to the
use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such Beneficiary
to perform its obligations under its Subloan Agreement with the PFI.
