Report No. PID8357
Project Name                     Burkina Faso-National Natural Ecosystem
Management
Region                           Africa Region
Sector                           Natural Resources Management
Project ID                       BFPE52400
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF BURKINA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF ENVIRONMENT & HYDRAULIC
(DIR. EAUX ET FORET)
Direction Generale des Eaux et Forets
Address: Direction Generale des Eaux et
Forets
03 BP 7044 Ouagadougou 03; Burkina Faso
Contact Person: SAWADOGO Bobodo Blaise,
Coordinator of preparation
Tel: (226) 35 60 34
Fax: ( 226 ) 36 27 91
Email:bobodo.sawadogo@hotmail.com &
bobodo.sawadogo@liptinfor.bf
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                January 15, 2002
Projected Appraisal Date         October 11, 2001
Projected Board Date             April 11, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
2. Main sector issues and Government strategy:BiodiversityBurkina Faso's
species profile includes 655 wildlife species (mammals plus and birds);
330 aquatic species (including 121 fish species), and 1054 plant species
(751 grass and 304 tree and brush species). Solid statistics on
biodiversity trends are not available, but the facts are dire. Natural
habitats--Sudanian or Sahelian-- are now almost restricted to parks,
reserves, and gazetted forests, which in total cover less than 10t of the
country. Outside of these areas, large mammals and birds, not adapted to
the disturbed environment, have almost disappeared. Agriculture has
encroached on more than 709 of some areas, for example, Dida Forest.
Poaching has decimated the population of game animals in most protected
areas. Disturbance of nesting sites in wetland areas has led to the
disappearance of migratory palearctic species such as the white stork.
Some species, including the oryx, cheetah, and giraffe, are reported
extinct in Burkina. The last Mali/Burkina redneck ostrich population may
also be extinct. Others approaching extinction include the black and white
colobus, dama gazelle, leopard, and topi.Poverty in relation to
biodiversityWith a per capita GDP of US$240 (1997), Burkina Faso is among
the poorest countries in the world. It is: number 172of the 175 countries
in the UNDP's 1997 Human Development Index. Human resource indicators are
extremely low: literacy 199 vs. 57T for Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), life
expectancy 48 years vs. 52 years for SSA, and infant mortality 128/1,000



vs. 92/1,000 for SSA. Of Burkina's 10 million inhabitants, 84% live in
rural areas. Nevertheless, per capita GDP growth of 4.0% in 1995, 6.0% in
1996, 4.7% in 1997, and 6.2% in 1998 gives hope that Burkina Faso can
maintain economic growth that will sustain reduction of poverty.Overall
incidence of absolute poverty is extremely high (45%) and is predominantly
a rural phenomenon (51 % in rural areas vs. 16% in the cities). It is
higher for subsistence farmers (77%) than for commercial farmers (42%).
Nearly half the population lacks adequate food and essential goods and
services. The poor spend 58 % of their budget on food, mainly millet and
sorghum. Recurrent droughts cause food shortages and occasional famines.
To survive, the poor rely on income diversification and complementary wild
resources (for diet and pharmacopoeia)--a risk-management strategy
widespread among men, and even more so among women, who engage in
transformation of agricultural produce, small manufacturing, gathering of
wild produce, and commerce. Migration is another way the poor cope with
life-threatening circumstances and diffuses the pressure to the south,
where "environmental refugees" are less and less welcomed.Adverse climatic
conditions, unfavorable geography, and low productivity of the
agricultural sector in the most densely populated zone, coupled with
over-exploitation of natural resources, are therefore considered the major
constraints to economic growth. They exacerbate the widespread poverty,
severe food insecurity, and degradation of globally important
ecosystems.Government strategiesThe national operational strategies most
relevant to PRONAGEN are the (1) 2001 Policy on Decentralized Rural
Development, (2)1995 reform of the wildlife and protected area sector, and
(3) 2000 Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan. (1)    Decentralized Rural
Development. Decentralization to the lowest level possible can play an
important role by placing key decisions and funds in the hands of those
who stand to win or lose from the results of development. Different from
those of other countries, the Government of Burkina Faso has decided to
adopt a slow pace of implementation, consistent with the country's limited
capacity to manage such complex institution-building. The Letter of Policy
on Decentralized Rural Development (June 2000) was drafted in support of
the CBRDP. Its objectives include "to ensure rational management of
natural resources.." It sets the stage for PRONAGEN because (1)
decentralized communities have full responsibility for local development
including the management of natural resources in their terroir and (2)
Government technical services are refocused on the functions of conceiving
and monitoring policies and law enforcement. The letter is to be
implemented in two phases: (1) a transitory phase, which prepares
effective implementation of decentralization, and (2) a final phase, which
ends when decentralization is complete. The letter also proposes several
sectoral reforms pertaining to the management of protected areas by
village communities.(2)    Protected area and wildlife management. The 1995
reform had already increased private and community involvement in
protected area management. At the time, Burkina undertook these reforms
because it lacked financial resources to efficiently manage its parks,
reserves, and wildlife areas. The reform was implemented in 1997 by a
Forestry Code (Loi 006/97/ADP), which sets the National Forestry Policy as
being founded on (1) conservation of biological diversity; (2) utilization
of forest, wildlife, and fish resources for economic development and
improvement of well being; (3) creation of employment and income for
populations; and (4) participation and empowerment of population in the
design, implementation, and monitoring of forestry activity through
decentralized management of natural resources. It was followed in 1998 by
- 2 -



the creation of 13 Wildlife Conservation Units across the national
territory (Decision 98/017 MEE/CAB). The objective was to consolidate
clusters of protected areas under the coordination of a
Government-appointed conservator while delegating daily management and
commercial use of protected areas to private "concessionaires." The
concessionaires pay taxes to the Government and credit a "Collective
Interest Fund" to benefit adjacent populations. The concessionaires must
recruit licensed "safari or tourism guides" for commercial use.(3)
Biodiversity. The stated purpose of the Strategy is to "ensure responsible
management of biological diversity by the populations by 2025." Among the
approaches adopted are (1) participatory management /gestion des
terroirs," (2) territorial planning at the landscape level, (3)
programmatic approach for coherent national development, and (4)
strengthening the decentralization process by building community capacity
to manage natural resources. In applying the Strategy, the Action Plan
aims to ensure (1) the conservation of important or threatened
ecosystems/species, (2) sustainable use of biological resources, and (3)
equitable sharing of benefits from sustainable use of resources. It states
that threatened ecosystems and species can be conserved only with fully
empowered populations. To achieve this, the Action Plan indicates that the
legal framework will need to be revisited to ensure equitable sharing of
biodiversity benefits and that an awareness campaign and capacity building
will need to be the foci of future projects. The Action Plans indicates
that "Producers --NGOs, community associations, and individuals--are
responsible to implement the Strategy while Government services will focus
on planning, monitoring, control, and evaluation.
2. Objectives
Phase One is expected to have significant impact on biodiversity trends
and set the stage for long-term improvement of protected area management.
Its 5-year Project Development Objective and Global Objectives are
combined: to reverse biodiversity trends in priority protected areas.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
GEF assistance to PRONAGEN would supplement other donors' efforts in the
realm of biodiversity conservation (ECOPAS, CUSP, ARLY, NAZINGA) and
complement the national Community-based Rural Development Program (CBRDP)
financed by the Government as well as by IDA and other donors. It not only
would finance biodiversity conservation activities above and beyond
activities targeted by the CBRDP, but also would help coordinate ongoing
activities in the livestock, agriculture, and natural resources management
sectors in relation to WCU management. PRONAGEN has the potential to
leverage additional funding for biodiversity conservation from other
donors (for example, Belgium has already signified their interest in
co-financing PRONAGEN). The World Bank has acquired much experience, and
is at the forefront of the development of new approaches, with
Community-based Natural Resources Management (CBNRM), Community-based
Rural Development (CBRDP), and the new generation of Community Action
Programs (CAP). There is no question that the Bank has a comparative
advantage in this realm (for example, with GEPRENAF; the Environment
Management Project (PNGT) in Burkina; Natural Resources Management Project
(PGRN) in Benin, Mali, and Niger; and Land Management and Rural
Infrastructure Project (PNGTER) in Cote d'Ivoire). Value-added of GEF
SupportBy financing the incremental costs of improved biodiversity
conservation through upgrading management of priority areas and enhancing
- 3 -



natural resources management in the hinterland with more environmentally
sound practices, GEF participation in PRONAGEN will enhance the security
of global biodiversity assets. GEF financing has the potential to improve
management in the short term and increase sustainability of achievements
in the longer term by (1) providing alternatives for foregone revenues and
financing the incremental cost of improved management practices, (2)
broadening participation of local communities in stewardship of wildland,
(3) ensuring that communities share in the economic benefits of improved
management, and (4) leveraging additional financing from other donors and
the private sector. In the absence of GEF financing, the Government could
not shoulder the incremental cost of improving management of WCUs or
providing incentives to communities and rural residents to adopt better
stewardship practices.Value-added of the APL instrumentOne of the Bank's
comparative advantages is its ability to mobilize long-term financing when
certain criteria are met. The most important requirement is that the Bank
and Government agree on a long-term vision for a sector. This is clearly
the case as demonstrated by the Wildlife Sector Reform, Biological
Diversity and Action Plan, and Letter of Policy for Decentralized Rural
Development. The APL instrument is also justified when an approach defined
by a new policy needs to be fine-tuned or "adapted" prior to national
extension. While there is an agreement on the program's long-term
development goal, there is also a need to adjust ways and means based on
implementing experience. Through such instruments, the Bank can also
provide leadership for donor coordination under a common strategy
developed by the Government of Burkina. Phase I will be used to enhance
donor buy-in in biodiversity conservation and harmonize approaches.
Finally, institutional capacity needs strengthening over time, but
investment cannot wait, because biodiversity degradation is already quite
significant in numerous ecosystems. An APL enables implementation of
conservation activities while ensuring that national and local capacities
and institutions are built at a realistic pace.
4. Description
GEF support to PRONAGEN will be implemented through three
components:Component 1: National capacity building to support
decentralized management of protected areasComponent 2: Local capacity
building to manage protected areasComponent 3: Program administration and
monitoringNational capacity building to support decentralized management
of protected areasThrough this component, the GEF will finance: I.
Incremental support to Forestry Department; II. Awareness building and
training, including (a) awareness building of forestry staff,
concessionaires and private operators, (b) training of National Forestry
Department (Direction Generale des Eaux et Forots, or DGEF) staff, (c)
training and awareness raising of private operators, (d) setting up a
small documentation center; III. Studies and workshops to support sector
reforms, including (a) legal and institutional reforms, (b) national
economic and financial analysis of protected areas, (c) long-term
financing mechanisms, (d) professionalization of private guides and
creation of label for protected area products, (e) national audits of
concessionaires; IV. Monitoring, information system, and communication,
including (a) national monitoring of bioindicators, (b) national
monitoring of protected area encroachment, (c) web gateway; and V.
International coordinationLocal capacity building to manage protected
areasThrough this component, the GEF will finance: I. Incremental support
to (a) local advisory fora around protected areas, (b) Wildlife
- 4 -



Conservation Units, (c) provincial services of agriculture, livestock, and
education; II. Technical assistance; III. Training and awareness raising,
including (a) training for project field staff and partners, (b) community
awareness building, (c) community training, (d) local institution
building; IV. Local development, including (a) participatory diagnostics
and establishment of Local Development Plans in limited number of
villages, (b) implementation of Local Development Plans (tallied as
baseline but not financed by GEF); V. Initial steps of protected area
management, including (a) identification of protected areas, (b) pastoral
tenure and users' diagnostic in Sahel; (c) study of conservation dynamics
in Kabore-Nazinga-Sissili Complex; (d) water resource diagnostic of Mares
aux Hippo Biosphere Reserve, (e) preparation of protected areas management
plans; VI. Implementation of protected areas management plans, including
(a) construction and maintenance of infrastructures, (b) surveillance of
protected areas, (c) use of protected areas, (d) local ecosystem
monitoring; and VII. Administration of component.Project administration
and monitoringThrough this component, the GEF will finance: I. Incremental
support to (a) the National Steering Committee and Scientific and
Technical Advisory Council, (b) the Conseil National pour la Gestion de
l'Environnement (CONAGESE); II.) Project administration, including (a)
procurement, (b) financial management, (c) planning and reporting, (d)
implementation monitoring; and III. Audits.The table below includes both
project funds and parrallele cofinancing from other donor's projects in
support to CBRDP.
1. National capacity building for support to decentralized management of
protected areas
2. Local capacity building to manage protected areas
3. Project administration and monitoring
5. Financing
Total                                           ( US$m)
GOVERNMENT OF BURKINA                             1.68
LOCAL COMMUNITIES                                 0.59
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY                       7.50
OTHER SOURCES (UNIDENTIFIED)                      3.63
OTHER PRIVATE COMMERCIAL SOURCES (UNIDENTIFIED) 0.06
Total Project Cost                               13.46
6. Implementation
Institutional arrangements Oversight (Maitrise d'Ouvrage) - PRONAGEN/FEM
will be under the responsibility of the National Wildlife Service
(Direction de la Faune et des Chasses) in the National Forestry Department
(Direction Generale des Eaux et Forots) in the Ministry of Environment and
Hydraulics. Steering - A small National Steering Committee (NSC) will
monitor implementation of all projects financed under PRONAGEN. The NSC
will be chaired by the General Director of the Forestry Department and
comprise at most 10 representatives of ministries, donors, and NGOs. It
will meet annually to (1) analyze the project results consolidated in
annual reports, (2) analyze, discuss, and adopt the annual work programs
and strategic plans, and (3) advise the project teams on the conformity of
results, annual programs, and strategies with national policies and
experiences. Advising - A Scientific and Technical Advisory Committee
(STAC) will provide overall scientific and technical guidance on all
project matters to the PCU of all projects implemented under PRONAGEN. It
will be chaired by the General Director of CONAGESE (under the Ministry of
- 5 -



Environment) and will comprise conservation specialists and partners from
universities, Government, NGOs, donors, and private operators. The STAC
members will meet each semester or as requested by any of its
members.Implementation arrangements National Coordination (Maitrise
d'Oeuvre)In Phase 1, for the GEF project and all project implemented under
PRONAGEN, the Forestry Department will set up a small Program Coordination
Unit (PCU) within its Wildlife Office in Ouagadougou. A National
Coordinator will lead the PCU. A monitoring and evaluation specialist, a
capacity building specialist, an experienced financial management
specialists and a procurement specialist will assist him/her. The PCU will
be responsible for day-to-day implementation of all components of PRONAGEN
at the national level, including management of project funds, monitoring
and evaluation, national procurement, consolidation of annual reports and
work programs, and presentation of progress to the NSC, STAC, and donors.
The PCU will directly implement Components 1 (Cl above) and Component 3.
The PCU delegates implementation of Component 2 to conservators and
concessionaires. Conservators and concessionaires in Wildlife Conservation
Units (Maitrise d'Oeuvre Deleguee)Component 2 is implemented in nine
protected areas within four Wildlife Conservation Units. Not all Wildlife
Conservation Units, and protected areas within them, start PRONAGEN's
Phase 1 with the same level of maturity or will follow the exact same
scenario during implementation. Consequently, implementation arrangements
are variable from WCU to WCU. Nevertheless, in all WCUs, a conservator is
entrusted with (1) monitoring all project activities pertaining to the
overall unit, (2) relations and supervision with other Government services
operating under protocol with the WCUS including anti-poaching teams , and
(3) providing advice, support, and supervision to concessionaires. By
program's end, concessionaires will ensure day-to-day management of all
protected areas. However, during Phase 1, only Comoe-Leraba and Kabore
Tambi will be managed by a concessionaire. For other protected areas
targeted by GEF funds, the community has not yet been organized to be
concessionaire. In such cases, the conservator carries out all activities
under Component 2, from (1) creating and building capacity of an
AGEREF-to-be-concessionaire to (2) activities that are normally under the
responsibility of concessionaires such as surveillance, initiating and
supervising studies, preparation of management plans, organization of
ecological monitoring, and initial implementation of management plans. The
detailed set-up for each WCU is provided below:Sahel Wildlife Conservation
Unit: Because, there is no concessionaire in the Sahel unit, its
conservator is entirely in charge of implementation of all Component 2
activities. That unit comprises the northern part of the huge Sahel
Partial Reserve. It is sparsely inhabited, and no true protected area
exists today. There, the conservator will need to work with communities to
negotiate and delineate new protected areas. Several sites are already
identified: Nassoumbou; Seno Mango; Beli; Oursi; and Darkoye. Thereafter,
for each of these new protected areas, the conservator will create and
strengthen an AGEREF until it can become concessionaire and recruit its
guides. In the Sahel, this is not expected to occur before Phase 2.
Because of the dimension and complexity of the Sahel unit, its conservator
will enlist assistance from three specialists (one conservation, one
sociologist, and one livestock), one accountant, and six facilitators.
Bobo Wildlife Conservation Unit: Because there is no concessionaire in the
Bobo unit, its conservator is entirely in charge of implementation of all
Component 2 activities. The Bobo WCU possesses three protected areas. The
project targets one of the three: the Mare aux Hippo Biosphere Reserve.
- 6 -



There, the conservator will create and strengthen an AGEREF until it can
become concessionaire and recruit its guide. To implement Component 2, the
conservator will recruit one conservation specialist, one accountant, and
one facilitator.PONASI Wildlife Conservation Unit: Only one protected area
in the PONASI unit is targeted by GEF funds: The Kabore Tambi National
Park. This park is conceded to a local NGO called NATURAMA. In
coordination with the conservator, NATURAMA's staff will implement
Component 2 in Kabore Tambi National Park through a sole-source,
results-based contract. It will follow the steps leading to the creation
and strengthening of an AGEREF as well as carry out day-to-day management
of the park. When the new AGEREF has adequate capacity, NATURAMA will hand
over its concession rights over the Kabore Tambi National Park, expected
to occur during Phase 2. The conservator will recruit an accountant and
two facilitators while NATURAMA will set up a team of three specialists
(one conservation, one sociologist, one gender sp.), one accountant, and 9
facilitators. Comoe Wildlife Conservation Unit: GEF financing targets the
two protected areas of the Comoe unit: the Comoe-Leraba Reserve and the
Boulon-Koflande Forest. The Comoe-Leraba Reserve is already conceded to an
AGEREF. As concessionaire, the AGEREF will implement all activities under
Component 2 (basically, implementation of the management plan) within its
concession through a sole-source, results-based contract. The AGEREF will
staff up with a manager and an accountant. The Boulon-Koflande Forest is
not conceded. There, the conservator of the Comoe unit and its team will
implement Component 2 throughout Phase 1. He/she will follow the process
of creation and strengthening of an AGEREF until it can become
concessionaire of Boulon-Koflande and recruit its own guide. The
conservator will recruit a conservation specialist, an accountant, and
three facilitators.Operational ManualsThree manuals will facilitate and
guide implementation of: (1) implementation plan, (2) administrative and
financial procedures,, and (3) monitoring and evaluation. The Project
Implementation Plan (Document de Projet) describes the details of project
execution. It also provides the terms of reference (TORs) and draft
contracts or protocols for all project staff, partner services, projects,
or institutions. The administrative manual lays out the accounting,
internal controls, audit, and disbursements arrangements, and the
personnel policy and procedures. It provides the TORs for the auditors and
administrative or accounting members of the project teams. A monitoring
and evaluation manual lays out the system required to link financial
disbursement to implementation to impact. The system builds on the
Community-based Natural Resources and Wildlife Management Project
(GEPRENAF's) current indicators and is similar to that of
CBRDP.Arrangements for APL Phase 2 and Phase 3 approval Assessment of this
APL program will be based on GEF's usual standards, with each tranche
viewed as separate but interlinked projects. Approvals for continuing GEF
support of this APL are proposed to be based on a delegated authority to
the GEF CEO, and would be based on four ingredients:(1) Approval of
tranche releases would be based on the project meeting minimum benchmark
accomplishments and trigger points described in the Project Brief and in
detail in the Project Appraisal Document (PAD) developed for each tranche.
(2) GEF approvals would parallel the APL rolling review process used by
the WB. Based on the PAD approved by the WB Regional Vice President for
proceeding to the next tranche of the APL, the WB would request GEF CEO
approval for GEF financing. (3) On the basis of this information, the GEF
CEO would confirm the adequacy of accomplishments of the previous tranche
and approve release of the next tranche. The CEO and Secretariat could
- 7 -



request clarification of performance indicators if required. (4) The GEF
CEO would provide an information document to Council based on these three
elements, indicating to Council that program performance fell within
acceptable margins and conformed with minimum indicators expressed (for
that tranche), signaling CEO approval of the next tranche. If minimum
objectives were not met, tranche release could be delayed. If there were
significant deviations from the original agreed targets, Council would be
invited to review the relevant PAD to offer its views on the change in
circumstances before CEO endorsement. If the CEO believed that
insufficient information was available, or if significant changes in
targets or triggers were required, the CEO could provide requested advice
and/or approval from Council and revert to its guidance.
7. Sustainability
Sustainability is linked to the ability of the APL to provide incentives
at all levels to improve (1) local communities and Government commitment
to reforms, (2) optimization of revenues to balance conservation costs;
(3) professionalism and ethics of private operators, and (4)
cost-effectiveness, quality, and innovation of proposed activities and
investments. Setting the stage for such a combination takes time, hence
the 15-year multi-phase programmatic approach. Additionally,
sustainability will also depends on the capacity of the project not to
burden the Government's budget with additional needs. To this effect,
technical assistance and financing of recurrent costs will be phased out
gradually.Government commitmentGovernment's early commitment to sustain
policy reforms and assist community implementation of management plans as
well as to staffing and funding of the project is critical. Government
commitment has been demonstrated through GEPRENAF implementation as well
as implementation of similar projects/programs (see also D4, indication of
Borrower's commitment). Nevertheless, to diminish the risk associated with
potential Government changes or appointments, PRONAGEN/FEM's early
conditions and subsequent triggers were designed to ensure that declared
commitment is followed up by actions that demonstrate it.The success of
PRONAGEN to restore degraded habitat and policy changes to improve range,
water, and wildlife resources management efficiency are inextricably
linked with the sustainability of biodiversity protection measures. To
this end, Government's commitment to sustainable natural resources use (1)
enabling revenue capture by the rural communities and (2) improving both
the knowledge base and field capacity for effective stewardship of
biodiversity resources is encouraging and should contribute significantly
to the sustainability of the project results. To this effect, GEF and
other donors' financing will help the Ministry of Environment improve the
national legal and institutional frameworks for protected area
management.Financial sustainabilityBy the end of the current
implementation period (mid-2002), it is not expected that GEPRENAF results
in Diefoula-Logoniegue will be fully sustainable (see also independent
evaluation in Annex 13). This expectation is despite a successful
implementation and a better wildlife potential than initially expected. A
model was prepared that shows that five more years of less intense
financing should be sufficient to demonstrate the validity of the approach
and reach financial sustainability. By 2006, it is expected that revenues
will exceed management costs. At other sites, income from biodiversity
management will originate from ecotourism and small game hunting. These
areas are already registered with tour operators and receive tourists.
While these activities will rapidly provide some return, they are unlikely
- 8 -



to balance spending in the short term. All three phases will be required
to come close to financial sustainability.Additional sources of long-term
financing, such as the creation of a trust or a foundation, will be sought
throughout the APL. The objective is to ensure that negative financial
gaps are secured and resources are channeled to local development funds by
the end of the Program.Private sector involvementIn Phase 1, PRONAGEN/FEM
will seek to define a better equilibrium between the private sector and
other partners. To achieve this, it will identify hurdles that, in the
past, have led to nonprofessional, unethical guides staying in the sector
while keeping away investors more interested in long-term involvement and
sustainable use. Identified constraints range from the lack of an adequate
tax system, difficulty in securing investments, lack of adequate
governance both during selection and operation, to lack of enforcement of
contract items, and political intervention. By the end of Phase 2, it is
expected that each protected area will be equipped with ethical and
professional private guides with secured long-term licenses/agreements
with the concessionaire AGEREFs.Technical assistanceThe GEPRENAF
independent evaluation pointed out the success of the technical assistance
component and recommended pursuing it for an additional phase while
decreasing its costs. The main culprit of the model is the low initial
capacity of rural villagers to take over the complex management of a
protected area. To palliate this, small teams of national experts must
provide assistance for project implementation, innovation, community
-approach, and transfer of skills. Also, because the success of PRONAGEN
depends on such innovation and on the effective adoption by communities of
alternative behaviors, it is important that such assistance be available
until all fundamental evolution occurs and until the AGEREFs have the
capacity to fully assume their role of concessionaires. Technical
assistants are the builders of a model that is designed to function
without their input. By working with communities, Government services and
private guides are also there to catalyze neutral solutions that best fit
the interests of all three partners. At a given site, their intervention
is required for 10 to 15 years depending on its complexity. The costs of
technical assistance are kept to a minimum by working exclusively with
national staff, by drawing all-inclusive contracts with firms or NGOs
whereby they provide services and operation costs, and, when possible, by
giving preference to direct contracting over contracting of
firms.Financing of recurrent costsIn Phase 1, the project will co-finance
part of Government services recurrent costs (5.7% of total costs). This
practice is common in Burkina because Government revenues are not
sufficient to allocate adequate budget to conservation. Nonetheless, the
level is below the Government "after-tax" counterpart funding of 10%.
Counterpart funding for operation costs is set at 35% to provide adequate
incentive for rational use of operation funds. The project will seek to
minimize the role of Government services, secure more stable budget
allocation from the Government, and contractualize some of the services
that foresters only can carry out (for example, antipoaching). Such
support will be gradually phased out in Phase 2 and disappear in Phase
3.Other incentivesFinancial sustainability is only one aspect of
sustainability and may not always be the most relevant to the local
communities. In GEPRENAF, it seems that the communities are even more
appreciative of other externalities such as inter-community relationships,
restoration of traditional land use rights and values, community outreach,
and maintenance of a natural "patrimony.Finally, sustainability depends on
the perception, by the communities at large, of PRONAGEN's benefits to
- 9-



their daily lives, social comfort, and capacity to produce. The CBRDP aims
to alleviate these concerns and decentralized much decision-making and
financing of community priorities. In addition, improved awareness of
natural resources degradation and adoption of alternative behaviors,
rules, and technologies may prove sufficient to sustainably diminish
pressure on the natural ecosystem. SILEM intervention will be of
additional help to secure such alternative production systems.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
ENV and QAG review of GEF-supported biodiversity projects in AfricaSeveral
reviews have been consulted: 1998 QAG review of the Natural Resources
Management Portfolio; 1997 QAG review of biodiversity projects in Africa;
and 1998 ENV Bank-wide review of biodiversity projects. As a general rule,
these reviews call for better upstream design, strong commitment and
capacity by Government and other stakeholders, mainstreaming in the
country portfolio, setting up realistic and consensual development
objectives, coordination with NGOs and others, as well as more intense
than normal Bank supervision. All of these features were considered in
PRONAGEN's design.An apparently more recent QAG diagnostic of a sample of
GEF-supported projects (quoted from GEF Tunisia Park PCD) is "that future
projects must possess the following features: (1) integrating the
biodiversity conservation agenda into the broader national development
agenda is essential; (2) biodiversity projects need to focus more on
methods for dealing with socioeconomic pressure in perimeter zones in
which populations may be dependent on forest utilization; (3) project
design should take into account technical and stakeholders' reviews of the
final design; and (4) clearly defined goals and objectives are essential
to focus on project efforts, monitor progress, and demonstrate impact."
The project follows all four operational recommendations. On a broad
level, the QAG recommends inclusion of more environmental expertise in
developing the CAS. In Burkina Faso, the recently completed PRSP and CAS
benefited from input from the Environment Department. The project
contributes to the natural resources and rural development agenda of the
PRSP and CAS.Community-Driven DevelopmentIn many countries, limited
government success in managing natural resources, providing basic
infrastructure, and ensuring primary social services has led to the search
for alternative options. One of these options is participatory
community-driven development (CDD). The substantial experience accumulated
to date of what works and does not work has been drawn on in designing the
project. In particular, for the government and outsiders to induce
community-driven development on a large scale requires agencies to invest
in local organizational capacity and support community control in
decisionmaking. In addition, experience shows that community-driven
development does not automatically include marginalized groups, the poor,
women, and ethnic minorities unless their inclusion is specifically
highlighted as a goal at the agency and community level. Finally,
successful community-driven development is characterized by five main
factors: local organizational capacity or the existence of viable
community groups, the appropriate fit of technology to community capacity,
effective outreach strategies, client responsive agencies, and enabling
higher government policies and commitment. All these factors are built
into PRONAGEN/FEM's design.The interface with the livestock sector is one
of the most important dimensions of the project. The experience of the
West Africa Pilot Pastoral Perimeters Program (WAPPP), particularly in
Chad and Senegal, shows that proper use of rangeland, with rules set up by
- 10 -



the community on spatial and temporal bases, can improve rangeland and the
relationship among pastoralists, farmers, and traders. PPPP's holistic
approach will be taught to project teams to ensure that their analysis of
the production and conservation systems focuses on the causes of
degradation rather than the symptoms.Arid land ecologyLessons from
northern Africa ( Morocco, Tunisia) indicate that, within an arid
ecosystem, a 100,000-ha protected area can be adequate for proper
conservation of most large arid land mammals. Northern Africa projects
also show that, even with rainfall less than 150 mm/year, significant
habitat restoration can be spectacular and lead to not only habitat
recovery but also the reappearance of locally extinct species. Similar
lessons are drawn in the Sudanian domain, where improved protection can
lead to spectacular vegetation and wildlife recovery ( Nazinga game ranch
in the 1980s).Results and lessons from the Burkina GEF Pilot
(GEPRENAF)Since May 1996, community-driven development has been tested
with its full biodiversity conservation dimension in the Comoe ecosystem.
The Diefoula-Logoniegue area has received financial assistance from the
GEF/Belgium through the Pilot Community-based Natural Resources and
Wildlife Management Project (GEPRENAF). Seventeen villages have created
their CVGTs (Comite Villageois de Gestion des Terroirs) and federated them
in an AGEREF (Association Intervillageoise de Gestion des Resources
Naturelles et de la Faune). They have allocated 100,000 ha to biodiversity
conservation and drafted a management plan. The Government has legally
recognized the AGEREF (as an association) and is in the process of
granting it concession over the gazetted forest. Commercial activities
(safari hunting) have recently started on a test basis. All villages have
set up their Village Investment Funds (VIF) and the AGEREF co-manages a
Conservation Fund with the project coordination unit. GEPRENAF financed,
or leveraged financing for, a number of social infrastructures, wells,
rural roads as well as activities ranging from training,
agriculture/livestock conflict management, agricultural research and
intensification, soil conservation, to microcredit and literacy.An
independent evaluation of GEPRENAF recognized the important achievement of
GEPRENAF in local development and empowerment of local communities as well
as building the foundations for adequate community-based conservation (see
full summary in Annex 13). The evaluation considers ecological achievement
as limited (in term of wildlife recovery) but stressed that such recovery
can result only from long-term commitment. It recommends (1) pursuing and
expanding the scope of GEPRENAF to include nearby Koflande but maintaining
a similar level of technical assistance; (2) focusing future financing on
management of the "protected area"; (3) limiting the institutional
responsibility of the AGEREF to "concessionaire" of the gazetted forest
but clarifying the role of the local forestry department; and (4)
diversifying sources of revenues by tackling the full range of wildland
potential benefits. The recommendations of the independent evaluation are
worked into the design of PRONAGEN.Other lessons learnt from GEPRENAF were
incorporated into the design on PRONAGEN/FEM. The experience with the
GEPRENAF showed that there were too high expectations of community
capacity to manage protection areas. Therefore, with PRONAGEN/FEM,
management by private sector operators is being promoted. Furthermore,
the GEPRENAF was spread across too many activities including wildlife
management, local development, agriculture intensification, etc. PRONAGEN
does not cover local development activities that are being covered by the
CBRDP. The project is concentrating on management of protected areas and
on capacity building for biodiversity conservation. It therefore acts as
- 11 -



a sort of add-on to the CBRDP and thus allows for complementarity of
activities.Other lesson from BurkinaAdditional lessons were learned
through other donors' implementation of projects under the wildlife
reform. GEPRENAF differentiated the role of "concessionaire" from that of
"guide"; it had exceptionally requested that the concessionaire be an
inter-village community association: the AGEREF. The AGEREF, in turn, was
to recruit a private firm/individual to fill the guide's role. France used
a Conservation Unit Support Project (CUSP) to pilot a mainstream
interpretation of the reform. The CUSP financed a system in which private
firms are recruited through a competitive bidding process ensure both
roles. Communities are then mobilized through a parallel local development
project and through sharing improved conservation benefits. Unfortunately,
the lack of professional standards and effective control as well as the
low short-term profitability of protected areas provided insufficient
incentive for any of the actors to respect the rules of the reform.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues    :   PRONAGEN/FEM is a biodiversity conservation project
whose benefits on the environment are expected to be largely positive.
Some risks are associated with the implementation of works in and around
protected areas (wells, tracks, firebreaks) . Social issues have the
potential to appear should a portion of the communities set conservation
rules that exclude another portion from accessing previously used hunting
grounds or agricultural or grazing land.Two national consultants (an
ecologist and a sociologist) carried out the EA which was then
consolidated by an international consultant. All traveled throughout the
WCUs, visited some of the communities, had access to all project files and
data, and met regularly with the Comite Technique de Suivi de la
Preparation du Projet (CTSP) . The assessment proceeded in close parallel
with project preparation, so that findings are incorporated in overall
project design, including support for strengthening capacity of the
PRONAGEN teams to monitor, evaluate, and mitigate environmental impacts of
activities.The final assessment is available at Infoshop. In country, the
final EA has been disclosed at all project sites, through the relevant
existing fora, and in Ouagadougou distributed to CTSP and its availability
published in local newspapers.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Jean-Michel G. Pavy
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:  (225) 22 400 421
(at the Abidjan Office in Cote
d'Ivoire); DAMA 331 421
Fax:  (225) 22 44 79 79
email: jpavy@worldbank.org
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
- 12 -



1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending Jan. 18, 2001.
- 13 -



