Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2702 SL
                          GVWC Project Agreement
                       (Urban Water Supply Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                         GUMA VALLEY WATER COMPANY
                            Dated May 15, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2702 SL
                          GVWC PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 15, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and GUMA VALLEY WATER
COMPANY (GVWC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-four million five hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 24,500,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that GVWC agrees to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and GVWC, a part of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will
be made available to GVWC on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS GVWC, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) GVWC declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts A and B (2) of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering, public utility and environmental
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and GVWC
shall otherwise agree, GVWC shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   GVWC shall open at a commercial bank, and thereafter
maintain until completion of the Project, in the name of GVWC
a Project Account for Parts A (3) and B (2) of the Project (the
GVWC Project Account) into which shall be paid the Borrower's
counterpart contribution to the costs of the said Parts of the
Project. Payments into or out of the GVWC Project Account shall
be made exclusively for expenditures to be made under Parts A
(3) and B (2) of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. GVWC shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the GVWC
Project Agreement and Parts A and B (2) of the Project.
      Section 2.04. GVWC shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, GVWC shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) GVWC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   GVWC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by GVWC of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 2.06. GVWC shall, no later than August 31, 1997
carry out jointly with the Association, the Borrower, SLRA and
DOEP a mid-term review of the Project. The review shall, among
other things, assess:
            (i)   the progress made in carrying out the various
                  components of the Project, including: (A)
                  compliance with financial audit and other
                  covenants relating to the Project; (B) the
                  carrying out of the water systems
                  rehabilitation and expansion, institutional
                  strengthening and sanitation and sewerage
                  components of the Project; (C) implementation
                  of GVWC's water tariff structure based on
                  metered consumption; (D) the success of private
                  sector participation in GVWC's operations and
                  the possibility of expanding the scope of
                  private sector participation; and (E) GVWC's
                  continued management autonomy and capacity to
                  manage its expanding operations efficiently and
                  profitably; and
            (ii)  corrective measures that need to be taken
                  including changes, if any, in the scope and
                  content of the Project.
      Section 2.07. GVWC shall no later than January 1, 1996:
(i) complete the carrying out of the study in Part A (2) (c)
(ii) of the Project aimed at identifying those functions and
services of GVWC which private sector institutions can
appropriately carry out under contract or other suitable
arrangement with GVWC; (iii) review jointly with the Borrower
and the Association the findings and recommendations of the
said study; (iv) determine target dates for implementing the
actions and measures recommended by the study; and (v) promptly
after the completion of the review, carry out, in accordance
with the said target dates, such of the study's recommendations
as GVWC, the Borrower and the Association shall determine.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of GVWC
      Section 3.01. GVWC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and public utility and environmental
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. GVWC shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. GVWC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
(a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than six
months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project; (b) afford the Association a reasonable
opportunity to exchange views with the Borrower on said plan;
and (c) thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices, taking
Page  4
into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) GVWC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   GVWC shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, including those for the GVWC
                  Special Account and the GVWC Project Account
                  and the statements of expenditures, audited in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year: (A)
                  certified copies of its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited; and (B) the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                  and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) GVWC shall maintain a tariff structure
satisfactory to the Association based on metered water
consumption.
      (b)   GVWC shall continue its program for the annual
revaluation of its assets in accordance with consistently
maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to the
Association.
      (c)   GVWC shall reduce its accounts receivables to at
least: (i) 90 days in 1995; and (ii) 60 days in 1996 and thereafter.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, GVWC shall, with respect to its water
operations, take all necessary action (including adjustment of
its water tariffs) to earn for its fiscal year ending October
31, 1996 and each of its fiscal years following thereafter, an
annual return before taxes of not less than the percentage of
the average current net value of GVWC's fixed assets in
operation specified below in relation to each such fiscal year,
namely:
            (i)   1% in fiscal year 1995/1996;
            (ii)  2% in fiscal year 1996/1997;
           (iii)  4% in fiscal year 1997/1998;
            (iv)  6% in fiscal year 1998/1999; and
            (v)   8% in fiscal year 1999/2000 and thereafter.
      (b)   Before May 1 in each fiscal year referred to in
paragraph (a) above, GVWC shall, on the basis of forecasts
Page  5
prepared by GVWC and satisfactory to the Association, review
whether it would meet the requirements set forth in said
paragraph in respect of such year and the next following fiscal
year and shall furnish to the Association the results of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by
                  dividing GVWC's net operating income for the
                  fiscal year in question by one-half of the sum
                  of the current net value of GVWC's fixed assets
                  in operation at the beginning and at the end of
                  that fiscal year;
            (ii)  the term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating
                  expenses;
           (iii)  the term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to
                  operations;
            (iv)  the term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance and
                  provision for depreciation on a straight-line
                  basis at a rate of not less than 4% per annum
                  of the average current gross value of GVWC's
                  fixed assets in operation, or other basis
                  acceptable to the Association, but excluding
                  interest and other charges on debt and taxes;
            (v)   the average current gross value of GVWC's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one-
                  half of the sum of the gross value of GVWC's
                  fixed assets in operation at the beginning and
                  at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                  time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Association; and
            (vi)  the term "current net value of GVWC's fixed
                  assets in operation" means the gross value of
                  GVWC's fixed assets in operation less the
                  amount of accumulated depreciation, as valued
                  from time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, GVWC shall, with respect to its sewerage
operations which shall have been transfered to it pursuant to
paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement,
take all necessary action (including adjustment of its
sewerages charges) to produce for each of its fiscal years
immediately following the fiscal year in which such operations
shall have been so transferred, total revenues from the said
operations equivalent to not less than the sum of its total
cash operating expenses and debt service payments related to
its sewerage operations.
      (b)   Before May 1 in each fiscal year referred to in
paragraph (a) above, GVWC shall, on the basis of forecasts
prepared by GVWC and satisfactory to the Association, review
whether it would meet the requirements set forth in said
paragraph in respect of such year and the next following fiscal
year and shall furnish to the Association the results of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total revenues" means the sum of
Page  6
                  total operating revenues and net non-operating
                  income;
            (ii)  the term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources relating to sewerage
                  operations;
           (iii)  the term "net non-operating income" means
                  the difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources not related to
                        sewerage operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above;
            (iv)  the term "total cash operating expenses" means
                  all expenses related to sewerage operations,
                  including administration, adequate maintenance
                  and taxes and payments in lieu of taxes but
                  excluding provision for depreciation and
                  interest and other charges on debt.
      Section 4.05. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GVWC shall not, for each of its fiscal years following
next after its fiscal year ending on October 31, 1995, incur
any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and
expenditures of GVWC for each fiscal year during the term of
the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated debt service requirements of GVWC in such year on all
debt of GVWC including the debt to be incurred.
      Section 4.06. For the purposes of Sections 4.04 and 4.05
of this Agreement:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of GVWC
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
            (ii)  debt shall be deemed to be incurred:
                  (A)   under a loan contract or agreement or
                        other instrument providing for such debt
                        or for the modification of its terms of
                        payment on the date of such contract,
                        agreement or instrument; and
                  (B)   under a guarantee agreement, on the date
                        the agreement providing for such guarantee
                        has been entered into;
           (iii)  the term "debt service requirements" means
                  the aggregate of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and
                  interest and other charges on, debt; and
            (iv)  the term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by GVWC not earlier than twelve months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in
                  question, which both the Association and GVWC
                  accept as reasonable and as to which the
                  Association has notified GVWC of its
                  acceptability, provided that no event has
                  occurred since such notification which has or
                  may reasonably be expected in the future to
                  have, a material adverse effect on the
                  financial condition or future operating results
                  of GVWC.
      Section 4.07. Whenever for the purposes of Sections 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.05 and 4.06 of this Agreement, it shall be
Page  7
necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the Borrower,
debt payable in another currency such valuation shall be made
on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which
such other currency is, at the time of such valuation,
obtainable for the purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
acceptable to the Association.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of GVWC thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify GVWC of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For GVWC:
            Guma Valley Water Company
            Guma Building
            P.O. Box 700
Page  8
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  GUWATER                 3210 Booth SL
                                          Telefax:
                                          228394
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of GVWC or by GVWC on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be
taken or executed by the General Manager or such other person
or persons as GVWC shall designate in writing, and GVWC shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority
and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Jean-Louis Sarbib
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                  Africa
                  GUMA VALLEY WATER COMPANY
                  By /s/ T. K. Kargbo
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines),
and in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
Page  9
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Association's prior review in accordance with the provisions of
Part E.1 (a) of this Section, the Association's prior approval
will be required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity
period if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days, and
(ii) any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary
for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard
bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower
shall use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection
by third parties.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and
equipment shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Sierra Leone may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, GVWC may grant a
margin of preference to domestic contractors in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    The following items, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $2,200,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association:
      (a)   the Guma diversion and remedial works; and
      (b)   goods estimated to cost less than $100,000 per
contract.
2.    Miscellaneous items estimated to cost per contract $50,000
equivalent or less, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$950,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
      1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
Page  10
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost an
amount equivalent to $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
a Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of
said Appendix shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to paragraph 3 of said Appendix shall be furnished to
the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist GVWC in carrying out the Project, GVWC
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each, or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$10,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to: (i) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (ii) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (iii) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (iv) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or
(v) amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $10,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    (a)   GVWC shall carry out the water supply master plan
studies included in Part A (3)(i) of the Project under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   GVWC shall carry out the institutional, management
and finance study of water supply sector operations included in
Part A (3)(ii) of the Project no later than June 30, 1996.
Page  11
2.    (a)   GVWC shall carry out the recommendations of the
existing consultants' study for improving GVWC's organization,
management and operations, including the recommendation to
acquire equipment and software for the computerization of
GVWC's accounting and management information systems in
accordance with an action plan satisfactory to the Association.
3.    GVWC shall furnish to the Association copies of all
consultants' reports and studies which shall be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
4.    GVWC shall prepare a project implementation manual
satisfactory to the Association no later than October 1, 1995.
5.    GVWC shall: (i) by July 1, 1995 resume the metering of
domestic water supply; and (ii) by March 31, 1996 complete the
installation of meters for existing domestic water supply
connections.
6.    GVWC shall bring into effect the tariff structure based on
metered water consumption referred to in Section 4.02 (a) of
this Agreement by December 31, 1995.
