Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2702 SL
                          SLRA Project Agreement
                       (Urban Water Supply Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                       SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                            Dated May 15, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2702 SL
                          SLRA PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 15, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SIERRA LEONE
ROADS AUTHORITY (SLRA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-four million five hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 24,500,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that SLRA agrees to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   part the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to SLRA
for purposes of Part B (1) of the Project; and
      WHEREAS SLRA, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SLRA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part B (1) of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering, public utility and sanitation practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and SLRA
shall otherwise agree, SLRA shall carry out Part B (1) of the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   SLRA shall open in the name of SLRA at a commercial
bank, and thereafter maintain, until completion of the Project,
a Project Account (the SLRA Project Account). Payments into and
out of the SLRA Project Account shall be made exclusively for
expenditures for Part B (1) of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SLRA shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the SLRA
Project Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) SLRA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes
of the Credit.
      (b)   SLRA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by SLRA of its obligations under
this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of SLRA
      Section 3.01. SLRA shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering, public utility and environmental
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. SLRA shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. SLRA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. SLRA shall, no later than August 31, 1997
carry out jointly with the Borrower, the Association, GVWC and
DOEP a mid-term review of the Project. The review shall, among
other things, assess:
            (i)   the progress made in carrying out the various
                  components of the Project, including (A)
                  compliance with financial, audit and other
                  covenants relating to the Project; (B) the
                  carrying out of the water systems
                  rehabilitation and expansion, institutional
                  strengthening and sanitation and sewerage
                  components of the Project; (C) implementation
                  of GVWC's water tariff structure based on
                  metered consumption; (D) GVWC's continued
                  management autonomy and capacity to manage its
                  expanding operations efficiently and
                  profitably; and
            (ii)  corrective measures that need to be taken
                  including changes, if any, in the scope and
                  content of the Project.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SLRA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SLRA shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for the SLRA Special Account, the SLRA Project
                  Account and the statements of expenditures for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year: (A)
                  certified copies of its financial statements
                  for such year as so audited; and (B) the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                  and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
Page  4
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of SLRA thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify SLRA of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For SLRA:
            Sierra Leone Roads Authority
            P.M.B. 1324
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
                                          Telex:
                                            3210 Booth SL
                                          Telefax:
                                            250609
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
Page  5
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of SLRA or by SLRA on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be
taken or executed by SLRA's Director-General or such other
person or persons as SLRA shall designate in writing, and SLRA
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Jean-Louis Sarbib
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ T. K. Kargbo
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines),
and in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Association's prior review in accordance with the provisions of
Part E.1 of this Section, the Association's prior approval will
be required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity
period if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days, and
Page  6
(ii) any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, SLRA shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, SLRA shall use bidding
documents based on other internationally recognized standard
forms agreed with the Association.
2.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection
by third parties.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and
equipment shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Sierra Leone may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, SLRA may grant a
margin of preference to domestic contractors in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    All sanitation works, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $500,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
2.    Miscellaneous items estimated to cost per contract $50,000
equivalent or less, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$200,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost
$100,000 equivalent or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of a
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of
said Appendix shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Page  7
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to paragraph 3 of said Appendix shall be furnished to
the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:       Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist SLRA in carrying out the Project, SLRA
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$10,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to, (i) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (ii) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (iii) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (iv) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or
(v) amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $10,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    SLRA shall carry out the low cost sanitation component of
Part B (1) of the Project, including the measures it proposes
to effect to ensure participation by Non-Governmental
Organizations and other private sector institutions and
agencies in the said Part of the Project in accordance with an
action plan satisfactory to the Association.
2.    SLRA shall furnish to the Association copies of all
consultants' reports and studies financed out of proceeds of
the Credit.
3.    SLRA shall, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, carry out the studies relating to the
environmental sanitation component of Part B (1) of the
Project.
Page  8
