Report No. PID10367
Project Name                     Gabon-Programme Sectoriel Forets & (@)
Environnement (PSFE)
Region                           Africa Regional Office
Sector                           Fisheries & Aquaculture; Forestry;
Environmental Institutions;Natural Resources
Management
Project ID                       GAPE70196
Borrower(s)                      MIN. OF FORESTRY & ENVIRONMENT OF GABON
Implementing Agency
Address PLAN. & MONIT. UNIT; MIN. OF FOR. & ENV.
Contact Person: Mr Jean Boniface Memvie,
Secretary General, Ministry of
Forestry and Environment
Tel: 241 76 61 83
Fax: 241 76 55 48
Email: jbmemvie@inet.ga
Environment Category             A
Date PID Prepared                May 15, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         December 3, 2001
Projected Board Date             May 15, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
2.1 Main issuesIssue 1: the contribution of the forestry and environment
sector to the national economy must increase. So far, Gabon's revenues are
chiefly derived from the oil sector which, according to 1996 estimates,
accounts for 79t of exports, 58t of Government revenues and 42.5w of gross
investment (CAS, 1998). However, Gabon's oil resources are now projected
to decrease dramatically in the forthcoming years: according to some
projections, the tax yield from the oil sector will fall from $US 950
million in 2000 to $US 160 million in 2005. Consequently, there is an
urgent need to diversify Gabon's economy. Gabon must shift to an economy
based on the exploitation of renewable natural resources and the
production of environmental goods and services, which seems to be the only
credible alternative to balance declining oil sector contribution to
Gabon's economy. At the same time, the equity of tax collection must be
sought. While full compensation for the loss of oil-sector fiscal revenue
cannot be expected, the forestry and environment sector presents two key
advantages compared to the oil sector:if properly managed, the
exploitation of renewable natural resources and the production of
environmental goods and services can be sustained indefinitely;the
forestry and environment sector can potentially create a great number of
jobs (for example, in a country like Gabon, 1,7 jobs/year are required to
exploit 1,000 m3 of timber, and an additional 2 jobs/year are necessary to
transform them). The sole forestry sector, with more than 6,000 employees
and 10,000 indirect jobs, is already the second employer after the
administration.Issue 2: the increasing pressure on natural resources is at
risk of (i) leading to their unsustainable use, (ii) causing loss of
biodiversity and (iii) yielding poor benefits to the Gabonese population.



First, Gabon's valuable natural resource base (22 million ha of rain
forest representing 85% of the territory, abundant potential halieutic
resources, unique biodiversity of global significance) remains mainly
preserved to date. It is necessary to avoid that the development of the
exploitation of natural resources leads to their unsustainable use and to
the loss of biodiversity (i.e. overexploitation of forests and halieutic
resources, poaching, degradation of ecosystems, coastal and urban
pollution, etc). Secondly, as it is often the case in economies in which
oil is the prominent sector, Gabon's standard of living is much worse than
in other countries with a comparable level of income (high rate of
illiteracy and infant mortality, rural exodus, unemployment, poverty,
etc.). Only if adequate measures are implemented, will the development of
the forestry and environment sector yield benefits to local populations.
Therefore, to hedge against these two risks, Gabon must design and
implement measures during the initial stages of the development of the
forestry and environment sector to avoid degradation of its biodiversity
and natural resource base, and to ensure that benefits do improve the
population's standard of living.Issue 3: a lack of private investments.
The development of the forestry and environment sector is hampered by the
lack of private investment, especially Gabonese. The lack of a favorable
investment climate (ill-adapted institutional and regulatory frameworks,
deficient communication and information management, research and training
insufficient and ill-adapted to the sector needs, etc.) and the weakness
of the banking system contribute to this situation.. Public investments
should be made to create a more favorable climate for private investments.
Nevertheless, considering the expected fall of revenues from the oil
sector, the Gabon's already high level of debt, and the decreasing supply
of public development aid, the Government financial capacity and Gabon's
capacity to go further into debt are limited. Issue 4: an ill-adapted
institutional and regulatory framework. Further sustainable development of
the forestry and environment sector is also hampered by an ill-adapted
institutional and regulatory framework. First, although the central
administration structure has recently been improved (e.g. the
reunification of the forestry and environment sectors under the same
Ministry, creation of a Central Planning and Monitoring Unit, design of a
Planning, Monitoring and Evaluation System for the Ministry,
decentralization), and although the personnel is generally competent, the
forestry and environment public institutions remain mostly inefficient.
Some functions, such as environmental and forestry law enforcement, are
weak and need to be strengthened. In addition, regional offices lack human
and material resources. There is a clear discrepancy between the
overarching objectives of the forestry and environment administration as
defined in the newly adopted policies and laws, and its actual capacity to
implement and enforce them. The respective attributions, roles and
functions of the stakeholders need to be reviewed and clarified, with a
special concern to build up a more active role for the private sector.
Secondly, the new Forestry Code the Environmental Law and the decree on
environmental impact studies have been adopted (only by the National
Assembly so far for the Forestry Code), but most of the implementing
regulations are lacking. The proposed fiscal reform has been endorsed by
the stakeholders, but the law of Finance has not been modified so far
accordingly. Therefore, the sector lacks a clear and consistent regulatory
framework in which public institutions both exert their prerogatives
transparently and play an incentive role for private investors.2.2
Government strategiesGovernment's strategic and planning exercises. The
- 2 -



Gabonese authorities are aware of the necessity to foster sustainable
growth of the forestry and environment sector led by the private sector,
to satisfactorily address the social concerns of its population. With this
aim, the Government recently undertook strategic and planning processes
related to the forestry and environment sector. The following initiatives
constitute the framework for the development of the sector (see also annex
4 for more details): The National Environmental Action Plan (PNAE, adopted
March 22, 2000). The National Forestry Action Plan (PAFN, adopted November
1999). The Letter of General Policy (Lettre de Politique Generale, under
way). The National Strategy and Action Plan for Biological Biodiversity
(SNPA-DB, adopted July 27, 2000).The Program for the Adjustment and
Planning of Urban and Transport Sectors (PAPSUT).The 2001-2003 action plan
for Libreville (ratified March 2000).The National Policy for Tourism
(adopted April 27, 2000). The National Strategy on Climate Change (under
way). The Intervention Policy in the Urban Sector in Gabon (under way).The
Administrative Reform (under way).A continuous effort to clarify and
develop the regulatory framework applicable to the forestry and
environment sector. A willingness of all stakeholders to work together. At
the same time, the Government has taken steps towards improved dialogue
with the private sector, NGOs and the civil society. Partnerships between
Government, environmental NGOs and private forestry companies has
increased and has produced some concrete and important outcomes in Gabon
in the past year, for instance: an agreement has been reached between
ECOFAC, WWF, WCS and Rougier and Leroy-Gabon forestry companies on
redefining the limits of the Lope Reserve; the main conclusions of an
international workshop to address the bushmeat crisis within the logging
concessions have been adopted by representatives of environmental NGOs and
by logging companies trade-unions (IFIA, SYNFOGA); CEB-Thanry Group has
adopted several harvesting methodologies to enhance biodiversity
conservation; etc. In sum, there is widespread agreement on the necessity
to build-up a participatory and flexible dialogue framework. The PSFE is
the operational result of this willingness to work together. The PSFE
preparation process has already created an open and transparent
coordination plate-form, with leadership ensured by the Government.PSFE
will translate the strategic and planning exercises into action. Strategic
planning exercises have come to the definition of a set of objectives and
priorities, but they have not been implemented so far. PFSE aims at
translating the PNAE, PAFN and SNPA-BD into action. The table in annex 5
illustrates the consistency between the program and those exercises.
Regarding the urban sector, the PSFE will complement the PAPSUT and
conduct activities to improve the urban environment that are not already
covered by the PAPSUT.
2. Objectives
The PSFE: a national program proposed by the Government of Gabon. The PSFE
is a national program proposed by the Government of Gabon to the donor
community. The program adopts a broad sectoral approach including
forestry, fisheries, environment and biodiversity preservation and
promotion, as well as a cross-disciplinary component to support the
development of the sector. This strategic choice may introduce complexity,
but is justified by the lessons learned from the past (weakness of
environmental institutions; lack of collaboration, synergy and consistency
in the forestry and environment sector; etc.). The World Bank, which
benefits from several comparative advantages has been asked to play an
important role in this broad multi-investor program. Indeed, the Bank
-3 -



plays two different important roles: one is to provide advice on the
program as a whole, the other is to provide loans on a specific set of
activities.Development objective of the program. With a view to helping
the Government of Gabon in implementing its Development Agenda, the
overall PSFE objective is to sustainably increase the contribution of the
forestry and environment sector to the national economy, while (i)
ensuring the sustainable management of natural resources and the
conservation of biodiversity, and (ii) improving the standard of living.
The forestry and environment sector includes both the exploitation of
renewable resources (forestry, fisheries, agriculture, etc.) and the
production of environmental goods and services by the ecosystems
(biodiversity or landscape preservation, carbon sequestration, ecotourism,
watershed protection, etc.).Long term perspective. The program fits into a
long-term development perspective characterized by (i) the shift from an
oil-rent economy to a diversified economy based on dynamic, free
enterprises; (ii) the preservation of natural resources and biodiversity;
(iii) a stable social and economic context (political stability, low
unemployment, safety, etc.); and (iv) the coordination between partners
and the consistency of their intervention with national strategies and
action plans. The PSFE is the first step necessary to achieve this goal.
After the five years of PSFE implementation, the existing environmental
strategies will be revised in order to adapt to the evolving
context.Specific objectives. More precisely, the PSFE has the following
development objectives:economic objectives: sustainably increase the
contribution of the forestry and environment sector to GDP by (i) favoring
the introduction of forest management plans, (ii) supporting the
development of the timber processing industry, (iii) supporting the
traditional and industrial fisheries sector, (iv) developing suburban
agriculture, and (v) preparing Gabon for the emerging markets of
environmental goods and services (biodiversity conservation, carbon
sequestration, ecotourism, etc.);environmental objectives: (i) maintain
Gabon's unique forest and biodiversity patrimony, (ii) preserve Gabon's
coastal and marine ecosystems, and (iii) improve urban environment;social
objectives: (i) reduce poverty and improve the Gabonese population's
standard of living, and (ii) favor employment by involving local
population in natural resources management and by supporting the emergence
of the private sector.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
Value added of Bank support. The Bank would bring value added by funding
specific activities and bringing advice on the program as a whole. More
specifically, the Bank support to the program would bring value added
through:mainstreaming environmental issues into the macroeconomic
framework (in collaboration with IMF);raising trust funds during the
preparation phase (including private funding from IFC) and co-financing
the program with grant funds for environmental activities (GEF);helping
the country take advantage of the opportunities created by global
initiatives (carbon sinks, biodiversity conservation in forest
ecosystems);its multidonor experience and capacity to bring stakeholders
together;building links with initiatives at national (Sectoral Program on
Forestry and Environment in Cameroon), regional (REIMP) and international
levels (WWF/WB Alliance);building up on previous experience gained by the
PFE (SIGEF, Forestry Code and Fiscal Reform, etc.) and the REIMP;its
advanced knowledge in information management systems;its experience in
monitoring and evaluation activities.
- 4-



4. Description
Sustainable forest management and forestry sector development
Integrated management of coastal zones
biodiversity and environment preservation and promotion
Support to the development of the forestry and environment sector
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost 63
6. Implementation
Transitional arrangements for the preparation. The CPSE, which is an
existing agency within the Ministry of Forestry and Environment, will lead
the preparation phase and ensure the program institutional set up. A task
force, the "working group", was created to support the CPSE towards this
goal during all the preparation phase. Its attributions are the following:
(i) to coordinate the institutional, regulatory and technical studies of
the preparation phase; (ii) to ensure the program institutional and
operational set up (PSFE structures and procedures); and (iii) to
coordinate national expertise. The working group is made up of seven
permanent or part time members (including members from the Ministry of
Finance and the Ministry of Planning that are very much involved in the
program activities), plus the members of the "components" (which regroup
technical experts - in charge of guiding the technical activities - from
various origins: administration in charge of the subsectors, NGOs, private
sector, etc).Entities involved in the program's implementation. The
administration services in charge of the subsectors included in the
program will be responsible for the technical management and coordination
of the program implementation. They will submit, in collaboration with the
investors, the investment proposals (terms of reference, specifications,
etc.) and supervise the activities implemented by the executing agencies.
Beside, the involvement the following entities will ensure (i) the
effective participation of all stakeholders, (ii) the consistency and
synergy of the overall program's activities, and (iii) an efficient
monitoring of the program:the CPSE (existing) will be responsible for the
program planning, monitoring and evaluation;the PSFE Council, made up with
representatives of the beneficiaries, will take the program's decisions
(its members will be nominated and monitored through an Interdepartmental
Committee of Orientation).During the preparation phase, (i) the
arrangements described in this paragraph will be discussed in detail and
validated by all stakeholders, (ii) the relevant administrative services
and executing agencies for each of the program's activity will be
specified, and (iii) the PSFE Council and Interdepartmental Committee of
Orientation will be set up and associated to the program preparation.The
role of each entity is presented in the following scheme and table. Scheme
of the institutional set up:Project cycle. Each activity to be undertaken
within the framework of the PSFE will follow the cycle -- which will be
refined during preparation -- described below:contact between the
administration (CPSE and the relevant Administration's Service) and the
investor;the CPSE examines the opportunity of the investment proposal
(including terms of reference and specifications) in collaboration with
all the stakeholders;the project proposal is submitted to the Council
(with CPSE's opinion), which examines it;in accordance with the decision
- 5 -



of the Council, the activity is included or not by the CPSE in the annual
work plan;the Executing Agency is selected through bidding, in accordance
with the investor's procedures;the activity is conducted by the Executing
Agency under the supervision of the relevant administrative service
(technical supervision), the investor and the CPSE (monitoring and
evaluation);the Council validates the CPSE's reports.Funds for
micro-projects. In addition, an environmental and social fund (with
various windows depending on the issues involved, three are identified at
this stage: urban environment, forestry, and information, see components)
will be created to finance micro-projects (less than 10.000.000 Fcfa -
15,000 US$) presented by the civil society. Eligible projects may have
short duration (meetings, seminars, emergency actions, etc.) or longer
time horizons (training for NGO members, neighborhood actions, etc.). This
fund will be managed by the CPSE. A manual describing how this fund can be
used (eligible projects, priority beneficiaries, selection criteria, fund
objectives, performance and impact indicators, disbursement and
procurement procedures, financial monitoring, etc.) will be written during
the preparation phase. The Council will define the amount available for
the funds and priority topics on an annual basis and it will approve the
micro-projects proposals.
7. Sustainability
The critical factors for the sustainability of the program's benefits are
as follows:adequate and efficient management and operational capacities of
the forestry and environmental institutions;a comprehensive set of
regulations which have been adopted;an efficient forestry taxation system
accepted by all the parties and successfully implemented;public
expenditures and private investments available to consolidate the
program's results in the long term;success in the establishment of
efficient partnerships between the Government, the private sector, the
civil society and donors;a sustainable management of natural resources;the
stability of trained staff in their functions.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Consistency with the Bank's forestry strategy review. The main conclusions
and recommendations of the review (completed last year) of World Bank's
1991 forest strategy have been taken into account in the project design,
including:The World Bank needs to use its global reach to address both
mechanisms and finances for additional international resources
mobilization on concessional terms outside its normal lending activity (to
compensate conservation and environmental services): donors other than the
World Bank will finance the program, including the GEF. Moreover, during
the preparation phase, studies will seek to identify new financial
mechanisms adapted to the Gabonese context (carbon sequestration funds,
debt conversion mechanisms, user fees, environmental funds, etc.).The
World Bank needs to be proactive in establishing partnerships with all
relevant stakeholders, Governments, the private sector and civil society
to fulfill both its national and global roles: the program will be
designed and conducted so as to allow for the participation of all
relevant stakeholders in both the decision making process and the
execution of the activities of the program.The synergy between
development/poverty alleviation and conservation objectives needs to be
recognized and promoted: the program's economic, social and environmental
objectives are consistent with one another and mutually reinforcing.
Moreover, the participation of the GEF and of NGOs will ensure an
- 6 -



effective integration of social and environmental concerns. For instance,
the identification gathered one hundred people (donors, NGOs, governmental
agencies, private sector, etc.).Illegal logging needs to be reduced
through the active promotion of improved governance and enforcement
(improvement and implementation of existing laws and regulation;
mobilization of national stakeholders to demand, implement and monitor
improved governance): the forth component of the program aims at
strengthening the institutional framework and at ensuring the availability
of all necessary information (especially through information management
systems like the SIGEF).The livelihood and employment needs of all the
poor people (including women) need to be addressed: the program aims at
making poor people benefit from the sector development, by providing them
with employment, potential financial resources (especially through the
creation of a 10 million ha rural domain) and services.Lessons learned
from PFE. The project aimed at improving the management and protection of
Gabon's forest resources and its environment. It served as an important
instrument for implementing government policies dealing with forestry and
environment, and also strengthened the scope of these policies. Finally,
it strengthened the planning and operational capacity of Government
institutions and local environmental NGOs through the implementation of
training programs, studies, and the provision of equipment and
infrastructure support. The PSFE is built on the experience from the PFE.
In the design of the PSFE the following lessons have been taken into
account:the project's scope was too narrow (see Dl);lack of social
component. The PFE only very late focused on the final beneficiaries and
this proved to limit its impact in the field. That is why, within the
PSFE: (i) a holistic social assessment of the program will be conducted
during preparation in order to re-orient if necessary the activities
envisioned, (ii) beneficiaries will actively take part within the PSFE
council, (iii) a "social fund" will be set up to reply in a flexible way
to their priority needs, and (iv) models of community forestry adapted to
Gabon's context will be defined.need to work at the decentralized level.
The PFE supported the decentralization of the forestry and environment
administration and this proved to be successful despite the lack of
computerization of the decentralized levels: higher control of private
activities, higher taxation revenues, clearer monitoring of the resource,
etc. The PSFE will thus keep on going towards this direction.the
implication of non-governmental stakeholders and of the private sector was
too limited. In order to create as sense of ownership, it appeared that it
was not sufficient to involve the various levels of the administration.
The PSFE will thus make sure that all stakeholders are actively involved
in the decision making process of the program and the setting up of the
PSFE Council, along with a sound communication policy, will fill this
objective. Also, the PSFE will make sure that individuals with
non-forestry profiles will be involved in the program team and that
scholarships will also be destined to build managerial skills.monitoring
and evaluation is essential. The PFE was initiated without a proper
logframe and agreed performance indicators. This was corrected during the
restructuring of 1998, since when regular advancement reports (including
technical and financial data) are diffused by the PFE Coordination Unit.
The PSFE will build on this experience and will also benefit from the
skills of the staff trained in Monitoring and Evaluation during PFE. As a
side-component of M&E, it appeared that the implementation of sub-sectoral
information systems (like for forestry) provided a technical platform for
transparent discussions, for the sake of performance and governance, and
-7 -



the PSFE will extend PFE-initiated activities to other sub sectors like
biodiversity and fishery. Moreover, the availability of highly trained and
dynamic staff is essential to ensure a sound administrative and technical
management of the program.The reforms need to be completed and
complemented to transform the forest sector into an engine for sound
economic development. Under the PFE, Gabon was able to adopt the
Environmental Law, the new Forestry Code, to propose a fiscal reform and
to draft implementing regulations. It also strengthened the Ministry of
forestry and environment (reunification of the forestry and environment
sectors under the same Ministry, creation of a Central Planning and
Monitoring Unit, design of a Planning, Monitoring and Evaluation System
for the Ministry, decentralization, strengthening of research and training
institutions). The PSFE will need to complete and complement and implement
this reform process.Lessons learned with the REIMP. In the design of the
present proposal, the following lessons from REIMP have been taken into
account:in a complex multidonor program, coordination between different
partners is critical for success. Coordination must start from the very
beginning of the program and must take place frequently and regularly. The
program must ensure and promote in-depth exchanges between partners;good
management of information is essential for the sustainability and the
success of the program. To this regard, PSFE will take profit of the tools
developed by the REIMP (information management systems, systems of
planning, evaluation and monitoring, etc.);PSFE will take profit of the
networks of experts on environmental issues that were created by the REIMP
program;to ensure successful management of a complex multidonor program,
it is necessary to implement an efficient monitoring and evaluation
system, which takes into account the needs of all partners. To this
regard, PSFE will take profit of the experience gained through the
REIMP;the REIMP, through its demand driven component, has brought lessons
on how to meet the needs of local organizations and populations. PSFE will
be built on this experience.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        PSFE strategy. The program has no major negative
issues identified at this stage. Indeed, as mentioned above, it is
necessary to develop the forestry and environment sector, which seems to
be the only credible alternative to balance declining oil sector
contribution to Gabon's economy. Such a development, without a sectoral
and integrated program like PSFE, is at risk of leading to unsustainable
use of natural resources (overexploitation of forests and halieutic
resources, degradation of ecosystems) and of yielding poor benefits to the
Gabonese population. To hedge against these risks, the PSFE strategy is to
benefit from the sector's early stage of development to implement
frameworks and measures so that the forest and environment sector grows
sustainably and improves the population's standard of living. This is why
the program combines measures aimed at fostering the economic development
of the forestry and environment sector with concerns for redistribution of
the benefits and sustainable natural resources management. Therefore, as
it is described in the following paragraphs, the program has positive
impacts compare to a scenario without such an initiative.Environmental
impacts of the first component. The first component aims at raising the
forestry sector's contribution to the national economy while ensuring that
the development of forest exploitation is conducted in a sustainable way
- 8 -



and that biodiversity is preserved. Increased contribution of the forest
sector to the national economy will be reached through the increase of
local timber processing. The sustainability of forest management will be
ensured through land zoning, definition of best practices for sustainable
management, implementation of sustainable management plans and standards,
certification, and fauna monitoring and management. Management plans and
standards are expected to lead to: (i) an increase of the time lag between
two harvests, (ii) an increase of the volume harvested at each
exploitation, while ensuring that the level harvested is sustainable
(especially through restricting first quality okoume), and (iii) the
installation of timber processing industries close to the exploitation
sites to process lower value timber. Alltogether, timber harvesting is not
expected to increase. The following issues require special attention:in
spite of their limited financial and technical resources, small permit
holders should also implement management plans: the program recognizes
small permit holders will experience difficulties and thus provides for
specific activities aimed at ensuring that they can meet the new
sustainable management requirements (definition of simplified management
plans, etc.); the administration should have the tools to assess whether
management plans are satisfactory and to control that they are respected:
to this aim, the program provides for the elaboration of specific
standards and procedures and institutional strengthening (subcomponent
4.1).Environmental impacts of the second component. Component 2, aims at
developing the contribution of the fishery sector to Gabon's economy while
ensuring this development is conducted in a sustainable way. This
component will yield environmental benefits: increased monitoring of
halieutic resources; control of halieutic resources exploitation and
limitation of poaching; limitation of erosion and pollution. Special
attention should be given to the risk of overexploitation of halieutic
resources. The program provides for actions aimed at designing and
promoting sound exploitation of halieutic resources (design of an
integrated management action plan, control and monitoring of the public
maritime domain, stock evaluation campaigns, strengthening of statistical
units).Environmental impacts of the third component. Component 3 will
generate environmental benefits: protection of habitats and sites included
in Protected Areas, carbon sequestration, improvement in the knowledge of
Gabon's biodiversity, conservation of migratory and endangered species,
control of the bushmeat sector, reduction of unauthorized garbage dump,
reduction of coastal pollution. Special attention is required to ensure
that suburban agriculture techniques respect the environment and in
particular that it does not have a negative influence on the surrounding
watersheds supplying water to urban areas (the program provides for
training and vulgarization campaigns promoting environment-friendly high
productivity agricultural techniques).Environmental impacts of the forth
component. The forth component of the program will provide a consistent
institutional and regulatory framework as well as tools (research,
training, etc.) necessary to ensure the sustainable management of Gabon's
environment and biodiversity conservation. The following points require
special attention:the regulations should be adequately advertised and
explained to all stakeholders: this requirement will be addressed by the
regulatory study planned within subcomponent 4.1 (in which the diffusion
of the regulations is included), and through the communication activities
planned within subcomponent 4.2;the administration should have the
capacity to monitor economic activities and to enforce regulations: this
requirement will be addressed through the institutional audit and reform
- 9-



planned in subcomponent 4.1, through the implementation of information
management systems in subcomponent 4.2, and through the reinforcement of
training activities in subcomponent 4.3.Other environmental impacts of
less importance. More and more mechanized wood industries could generate
adverse environmental impacts (though they are not highly polluting
industries). The generalization of the realization of EIA, sought by the
program (subcomponent 4.1) should avoid such problems. In addition,
poaching often takes place around logging sites (the problem already
exists in Gabon). The program provides for activities specifically aimed
at limiting this side-effect and at ensuring regulations are enforced
(component 1.2).
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Francois Rantrua
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 10 -



