Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2584 PAK
                         Project Agreement
         (Balochistan Natural Resource Management Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                        Dated April 4, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2584 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 4, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF
BALOCHISTAN acting by its Governor (the Province).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to ten million
seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 10,700,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that the Province agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to the Province;
and
      WHEREAS the Province, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) the Province declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and environmental
protection and resource conservation practices, and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and the Province shall
otherwise agree, the Province shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Province shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of the Special
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Province shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Province shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Province shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by the Province of its obligations under
this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Province shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Province responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Province shall:
Page  3
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section and those for the
                   Special Account for each fiscal year audited, in
                   accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                   consistently applied, by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than nine (9) months
                   after the end of each such year, the report of
                   such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                   in such detail as the Association shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records and accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Province shall:
      (a)   not later than January 1, 1997, eliminate the subsidy
for tubewell drilling; and
      (b)   to that end, reduce such subsidy: (i) not later than
July 1, 1994, to 70% of the level at which it stood on July 1, 1993;
(ii) not later than July 1, 1995, to 40% of such level; and (iii)
not later than July 1, 1996, to 10% of such level.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of the Province thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
            (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date of
                   this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify the
Province of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
Page  4
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Province:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Balochistan
            Quetta, Pakistan
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   DEVELOPMENT         7875 BLNSE PK
                   Quetta, Pakistan
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Province, or by the Province on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Additional Chief Secretary, P&D or such other person
or persons as the Additional Chief Secretary, P&D shall designate in
writing, and the Province shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ D.Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                   PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                   By /s/ Agha Ghazanfar
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  5
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in  Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part
A, the Province shall use the relevant standard bidding documents
issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Province shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for vehicles, motorcycles
and tractors and implements shall be grouped into a bid package
estimated to cost the equivalent of $800,000.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Pakistan may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Forest and field works may be carried out by force account.
2.    Pollution measuring equipment, estimated to cost up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $100,000, and civil works may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Other goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $200,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association.
4.    Contracts for technical books and journals may be awarded
after direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
5.    Contracts for mass awareness works, including art work,
videotapes, films and other publicity materials, may be awarded in
accordance with the normal procedures of the Province satisfactory
to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $125,000 or more, and each contract for
Page  6
goods and mass awareness works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      (a)   In order to assist in the carrying out of the Project:
            (i)    ES shall employ such consultants as may be
                   needed from time to time for purposes of
                   Part A.3 of the Project;
           (ii)    ES, BEPA and BFD shall, not later than
                   December 31, 1994, jointly employ:
                   (A)   for ES, natural resource management, mass
                         awareness and training experts;
                   (B)   for BEPA, environmental engineers,
                         environmentalists and training and legal
                         experts; and
                   (C)   for BFD, a sand dune stabilization
                         specialist and sociologist for purposes of
                         Part B (1) (a) of the Project; an
                         agricultural economist/diagnostic survey
                         specialist and a sociologist for purposes
                         of Part B (2) (a) of the Project; and an
                         agricultural economist/diagnostic survey
                         specialist, a community forester, a
                         juniper/mistletoe disease specialist and a
                         sociologist for purposes of Part B (2) (b)
                         of the Project; and
           (iii)   BFD shall:
                   (A)   not later than December 31, 1994, employ
                         (aa) PFI and AZRI to provide teams of
                         researchers, and (bb) civil engineers, all
                         for purposes of Part B (2) (b) of the
                         Project; and AZRI to provide a team of
                         economists and pasture and livestock
                         experts for purposes of Part B (2) (a) of
                         the Project; and
                   (B)   not later than December 31, 1994, employ
                         UOK to provide a research team of a
                         botanist, a soil salinity expert and
                         research fellows and assistants for
Page  7
                         purposes of Part B (1) (a) of the Project;
                         and WWF, to provide a team of a park
                         management planner/team leader, a natural
                         resource/habitat improvement advisor, a
                         wildlife management specialist, a
                         recreation development/civil engineer and
                         a sociologist/socio-economist for purposes
                         of Part B (1) (b) of the Project.
      (b)   The qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment of the consultants and experts referred to in
paragraph (a) above shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants and experts shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981. For complex, time-based assignments, ES,
BEPA and BFD shall employ such consultants and experts under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, ES, BEPA and BFD shall use
other standard forms agreed with the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Implementation Arrangements
      (a)   Responsibility for project implementation shall be
assigned as follows:
            (i)    to P&D, for the establishment of ES under
                   Part A.1 (a) of the Project, and to ES, after
                   its establishment, for Parts A.1 (a), A.3 and C
                   (in the last case, to the extent it concerns ES)
                   of the Project;
           (ii)    to BEPA, for Parts A.1 (b), A.2 and C (in the
                   last case, to the extent it concerns BEPA) of
                   the Project; and
          (iii)    to BFD, for Parts A.1 (c), B and C (in the last
                   case, to the extent it concerns BFD) of the
                   Project.
      (b)   A project steering committee shall be established not
later than September 30, 1994 to coordinate the work of ES, BEPA,
BFD and other departments and agencies of the Province responsible
for, or involved in, the carrying out of the Project. The PSC shall
consist of the Additional Chief Secretary, P&D, as chairman, and,
among others, the Secretaries of the Finance, Urban Planning and
Development, and Forest Departments of the Province, as members. The
PSC shall meet twice a year, or more often if so required, to review
the state of project implementation and to recommend improvements as
necessary. ES shall serve as the secretariat to the PSC.
      (c)   In addition, ES shall be specifically responsible for
overall project monitoring and for liaising with the Association,
and, to those ends, inter alia, for:
            (i)    preparing and furnishing to the Association
                   within 60 days of the end of each reporting
                   period, beginning with the semester ending
                   December 31, 1994, consolidated semi-annual
                   progress reports on project activities based on
                   inputs from the various project implementing
                   agencies and in form and substance satisfactory
                   to the Association;
           (ii)    preparing and furnishing to the Association Part
Page  8
                   II of the Project Completion Report to be
                   prepared pursuant to Section 9.06 of the General
                   Conditions; and
          (iii)    operating the Special Account and preparing
                   and/or consolidating and submitting to the
                   Association withdrawal applications.
2.    Staff Appointments
      (a)   P&D shall, not later than September 30, 1994, appoint to
ES for the purposes of the Project, additional staff including at
least a Director, an Assistant Director and four Research
Assistants, together with the necessary support staff.
      (b)   BEPA shall, not later than September 30, 1994, recruit
for the purposes of the Project, in addition to its current staff,
at least two Assistant Directors, an Administrative Officer and two
Publicity Officers, together with the necessary support staff.
      (c)   BFD shall, not later than September 30, 1994, recruit
for the purposes of the Project, in addition to its current staff,
at least a Visitor's Center Curator, two Forest Range Officers,
eight Foresters, and nine Forest Guards, together with the necessary
support staff.
      (d)   P&D and BEPA shall, not later than December 31, 1998,
review with the Association the staffing situation of ES and BEPA
and agree with the Association on the categories and numbers of
staff required to be retained by them on a permanent basis after the
completion of the Project.
3.    Hazarganji-Chiltan National Park Management Plan
      BFD shall furnish to the Association, for its prior review and
concurrence, the proposed park management plan (PMP) for the
Hazarganji-Chiltan National Park prepared for the purposes of Part
B (1) (b) of the Project.
4.    Community Participation
      BFD shall, before commencing any programs under Part B of the
Project, take suitable steps to identify the community groups that
would participate in such programs and agree with them on the
necessary action plans to carry out such programs.
5.    Proposals for Training
      ES, BEPA and BFD shall furnish to the Association, for its
prior review and approval, proposals for any training to be carried
out under Part C of the Project.
6.    Preparation of Studies
      ES shall:
      (a)   furnish to the Association, for its prior review and
approval, proposals for any studies to be carried out under Part A.3
of the Project; and
      (b)   not later than June 30, 1996, complete a study,
including the necessary draft legislation, satisfactory to the
Association, for the development of technical criteria for
regulating access to the Province's aquifers.
7.    Unaudited Project Accounts
      ES, BEPA and BFD shall furnish to their respective auditors
their unaudited project accounts within three months of the end of
each fiscal year, with copies to the Association.
8.    Mid-Term Review
Page  9
      ES, BEPA and BFD shall, jointly with the Association and
observers from any Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) having an
interest in the matter and in accordance with terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association, carry out, not later than September
30, 1996, a mid-term review of the overall Project as well as of
individual project activities under Part B of the Project, and shall
make such adjustments to the project activities and the related
organizational and operational arrangements as may be warranted in
the light of such review.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
the Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $700,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Province shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Province, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Province shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Province shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Province shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Province, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Province shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
Page  10
4.    For each payment made by the Province out of the Special
Account, the Province shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Province directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Province. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Province shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Province has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Province shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Province may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
