Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2455 MAU
                   Development Credit Agreement
          (Construction Capacity and Employment Project)
                              between
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 17, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2455 MAU
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 17, 1993, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC
OF MAURITANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from other donors,
loans or grants in an amount equivalent to $4,800,000 to assist in
financing part of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in respective agreements to be entered into between the
Borrower and those donors; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated April 3, 1992 and
April 6, 1992; and September 23, 1992 and October 3, 1992,
respectively, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "AMEXTIPE" and "Executing Agency" means Agence
Mauritanienne d'Execution des Travaux d'Interct Public pour
l'Emploi, an entity established pursuant to the minutes of the
foundation meeting of December 2,1992;
      (d)   "Convention" means the Agreement, to be signed between
the Borrower and AMEXTIPE, as the same may be amended from time to
time; and such term includes the Manual of Procedures and all
annexes, schedules and attachments thereto and to the Convention;
      (e)   "Manual of Procedures" means the Manual of Procedures
employed by AMEXTIPE to govern its operations with third parties,
which manual is annexed to the Convention;
      (f)   "By-laws" means the interior regulations of AMEXTIPE;
      (g)   "Statuts" means the Articles of Agreement of AMEXTIPE;
      (h)   "Sub-project" means any activity described as such in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit;
      (i)   "Sub-project Agreement" means an Agreement between
AMEXTIPE and an Implementing Enterprise in relation to the
execution of a Sub-project;
      (j)   "Beneficiary" means the municipality, public entity or
local community for whose benefit a Sub-project is to be executed;
      (k)   "Implementing Enterprise" means a consultant, a
contractor or an entity to which a contract has been awarded to
execute a "Sub-project;
      (l)   "UM" or "Ouguiya" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (m)   "MET" means Ministry of Public Works and Transport of
the Borrower; and
      (n)   "MON" means Municipality of Nouackchott.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
Page  3
this Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to
eight million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 8,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Ouguiya a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal
amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and
outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon.
The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the Project
Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the
rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date
or at such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter
pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in
each year shall be applied from the next payment date in that year
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in
such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to
time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing February 15, 2003 and ending August 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on August 15,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
Page  4
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded
$790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii)
the Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank
lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments
under paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice
the amount of each such installment not yet due until the
principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so
requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in
the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an
annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not
change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify
the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments
as provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its obligations under this Agreement shall: (i) cause
AMEXTIPE to execute the Project with due diligence and efficiency,
in accordance with the provisions of the Convention and with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and public
works practices; (ii) take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable AMEXTIPE to carry
out the Project; and (iii)  not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with the performance of
AMEXTIPE.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Convention in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the
Credit and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Convention
or the Statuts or any provision thereof.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Convention to keep the position of General Manager of AMEXTIPE
filled at all times, by a person having experience and
qualifications acceptable to the Borrower and the Association, to
be assisted at all times by competent staff in adequate numbers,
in particular, the persons to fill the position of Technical
Manager and Administrative/Financial Manager.
      (d)   Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 3.01
(a) of this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   exercise its rights under the Convention to
                  cause AMEXTIPE to:
Page  5
                  (A)   (i) adopt not later than three months
                        after the Effective Date of this Agreement
                        the final version, satisfactory to the
                        Association, of the 1993 training program
                        referred to in Parts B.2 and B.3 of the
                        Project; and (ii) thereafter submit to the
                        Association such annual training program
                        for the following year not later than
                        September 30 of each year;
                  (B)   submit to the Association for approval, no
                        later than September 30 of each year, the
                        annual work program of Sub-projects for
                        the following 12 month period starting
                        February 15, totalling at least the
                        equivalent of:
                        (i)   $3.0 million for the program to be
                              submitted on September 30, 1993;
                       (ii)   $4.0 million for the program to be
                              submitted on September 30, 1994; and
                      (iii)   $4.0 million for the program to be
                              submitted on September 30, 1995
                              subject to co-financing up to this
                              amount;
                  (C)   submit periodically to the Association
                        proposals to up-date the roster of
                        consultants and contractors, acceptable to
                        the Association.
           (ii)   make available to AMEXTIPE out of its own
                  resources all the necessary funds needed for the
                  execution of the Sub-projects referred to in
                  subparagraph (i) (B) of this Section.
      (e)   For the purposes of obtaining the Association's
approval to any of the annual programs referred to in subparagraph
(d) (i) (B) of this Section or any additional program submitted by
AMEXTIPE, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
satisfactory evidence attesting that, pursuant to paragraph (a)
and paragraph (d) (ii) of this Section, the Borrower and the
Beneficiaries have paid their contribution for the previous year;
the Borrower has made budgetary provisions for its contribution
for the current year; and the program referred to under (d) (i)
(A) (ii) of this Section is acceptable to the Association.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit, shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Convention to cause AMEXTIPE:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practices; and
      (b)   at all times to operate and maintain its equipment and
other property and, from time to time, promptly as needed, to make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with
sound engineering and financial practices.
      Section 3.04. The Association and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
Page  6
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried
out by AMEXTIPE.
       Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower, AMEXTIPE and the Association
shall undertake a joint review of the Project every year during
the third calendar quarter during which they shall exchange views
on matters relating to: (i) the progress of the Project and Sub-
projects; (ii) AMEXTIPE's management, notably, its adherence to
its Statuts, its By-laws, its Manual of Procedures and its
administrative cost structure; (iii) the accomplishment both by
AMEXTIPE and the Borrower of their respective obligations under
the Convention; (iv) the performance by AMEXTIPE and Implementing
Enterprises of their respective obligations under Sub-project
Agreements; (v) implementation by AMEXTIPE of the training
programs under Part B of the Project; and (vi) feasibility of
extending the geographical coverage of AMEXTIPE's interventions
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit. The
overall performance of AMEXTIPE shall be measured in terms of the
performance monitoring indicators set forth in the Manual of
Procedures.
      (b)   Not later than one month prior to each such review,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its review and
comments and in such detail as the Association shall reasonably
request, a report on the progress and status of the Project,
covering the points to be reviewed.
      (c)   Following each such review, the Borrower undertakes to
act promptly and diligently in order to take any corrective action
deemed necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted in the
implementa- tion of the Project, or to implement such other
measures as may have been agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association in furtherance of the objectives of the Project.
      Section 3.06. Without any limitation to or restriction upon
their other reporting requirements under the General Conditions
and under this Agreement, the Borrower, AMEXTIPE and the
Association shall, not later than December 31, 1994 or such other
date as the Borrower and the Association shall agree upon, carry
out a mid-term review with regard to the progress of the Project
and Sub-projects, assessing the implementation of the Project with
specific emphasis on the impact of the Project on: (i) the
environment; (ii) the creation of a skilled work force; and (iii)
alleviation of social needs; the mid-term review shall also
include an evaluation of the adequacy of contributions of all
parties to a Sub-project, including the percentage of financing,
as well as options to include new categories of Sub-projects in
order to better meet the Project's objectives as set out in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement. The Borrower shall, with respect to
the mid-term review, take the actions described in Section 3.05
(b) and (c) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall cause AMEXTIPE to
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of AMEXTIPE.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause AMEXTIPE to:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) and the
                  records and accounts for the Special Account
                  audited every three months, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
Page  7
           (ii)   have its administrative, technical and
                  managerial performance audited every three
                  months, commenting on AMEXTIPE's compliance with
                  the rules and regulations set forth in the
                  Convention, the Statuts and the By-laws;
          (iii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than one month after
                  the end of each quarter: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for each such period as
                  so audited; and (B) the report concerning the
                  financial and the administrative performance of
                  AMEXTIPE, by said auditors, of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Association shall have
                  reasonably requested; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning such records, accounts,
                  financial statements and the audit thereof as
                  the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   as a result of events which have occurred after the
date of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that AMEXTIPE or the Borrower will be able to
perform their obligations under the Convention;
      (b)   the Statuts of AMEXTIPE, its By-laws, or the
Convention, shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of AMEXTIPE to perform any of its obligations under the
Convention;
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of AMEXTIPE, or for the suspension of its
operation;
      (d)   the Borrower or AMEXTIPE shall have failed to perform
any of their respective obligations under the Convention;
      (e)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                        to the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
          (ii)    Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  implementation of the Project are available to
                  the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                  conditions consistent with the obligations of
Page  8
                  the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (d) of Section 5.01
of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of
thirty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   any event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso
of paragraph (e) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Convention has been duly signed by the Borrower
and AMEXTIPE; and the Statuts and the By-laws, and the changes to
the Manual of Procedures as agreed upon during negotiations of
this Agreement, have been approved by the Borrower;
      (b)   the General Manager, the Technical Manager and the
Administrative/Financial Manager of AMEXTIPE, all acceptable to
the Association, have been appointed;
      (c)   AMEXTIPE has submitted to the Association and obtained
its approval for: (1) a first series of Sub-projects, representing
an aggregate estimated cost of at least one million Dollars
equivalent, to be financed under the Credit during the first
twelve months of operation; and (2) a short list of preselected
Implementing Enterprises;
      (d)   the Borrower has deposited into AMEXTIPE's account at
least $250,000 equivalent to finance the execution of said Sub-
projects;
      (e)   AMEXTIPE has submitted to the Association an action
plan for the execution of the 1993 training program under Parts
B.2 and B.3 of the Project acceptable to the Association;
      (f)   an operational accounting system consistent with the
Manual of Procedures and satisfactory to the Association has been
set up in AMEXTIPE; and
      (g)   the auditors referred to in Section 4.01 (b) of this
Agreement have been appointed for a period of three years.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that: (i) the Convention has
been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and AMEXTIPE, and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and AMEXTIPE in accordance
with its terms; (ii) that Article 8 of the Convention referring to
preferential treatment is applicable to the contracts entered into
by AMEXTIPE; and (iii) that, according to the laws of the
Borrower, the procurement procedures as stipulated in the Manual
of Procedures may be applied by AMEXTIPE.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
Page  9
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Ministre du Plan of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministcre du Plan
            BP 238
            Nouakchott
            Mauritania
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  MP                              540 MTN
                  Nouakchott
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                        248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                82987 (FTCC)
                                                  64145 (WUI) or
                                                 197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                        ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                        By /s/ Mohamed Fall Ainina
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
Page  10
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Public works and           4,990,000        90% up to
    services under                              December 31,
    Part A of the                               1993; 80% from
    Project                                     January 1, 1994
                                                and thereafter
(2) (a)  Consultants'            370,000        90% up to
         services for                           December 31,
         design and                             1993; 80% from
         supervision                            January 1, 1994
         for works under                        and thereafter
         Part A of the
         Project
    (b)  Other consul-         1,440,000        100%
         tants' services
         under Parts B
         and C of the
         Project
(3) (a)  Goods and equipment      70,000        100%
         for AMEXTIPE
    (b)  Goods and equipment     180,000        100%
         for MET
    (c)  Goods and equipment      40,000        100%
         for MON
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4) Operating costs of           600,000        90% up to
    AMEXTIPE                                    December 31,
                                                1993; 80%
                                                from January 1,
                                                1994 and there-
                                                after
(5) Refunding of                 600,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project Preparation                         suant to Section
    Advance                                     2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(6) Unallocated                  410,000
                               _________
      TOTAL                    8,700,000
                               =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, "operating costs" means
the costs incurred by AMEXTIPE under the Project on account of
local staff salaries and allowances, operation and maintenance of
vehicles and equipment, office rent, supplies and services.
3.    The percentages of expenditures to be financed under
Categories (1), (2) and (4) shall be governed by the date of the
contract of the Sub-project for which disbursement is requested.
4.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
Page  11
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) create employment
during project implementation in urban areas by means of labor-
intensive technologies, and contribute to employment creation in
the long run by showing that such technologies are feasible;
(b) under-take a program of local public works and services in the
area of infrastructure maintenance, rehabilitation and upgrading;
(c) pro-mote local private contractors and consulting firms in
project execution and improve project management procedures; (d)
improve the skills of workers, the corporate competitiveness of
firms and the public works expertise of municipalities; (e)
increase the capacity of the public sector to orient and manage
efficiently its demand for works, goods and services, notably, by
streamlined and transparent procurement procedures and contract
administration; (f) strengthen the institutional capacity of
AMEXTIPE; and (g) generally strengthen the Borrower's efforts to
promote the private sector.
      The Project consists of the following Parts A, B and C, to
be executed by AMEXTIPE with the exception of Part C for which
contract management only is conferred upon it, all such Parts
subject to such modifications as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
1.    Public Works Program
      Preparation and execution of small-scale public works Sub-
projects, to be carried out under labor-intensive schemes by
mostly local contractors, including, but not limited to, the
construction and repair of urban infrastructure public facilities
and the national highway network of the Borrower.
2.    Public Services Program
      Identification, preparation and execution of public
services, part of which may be the maintenance component of Part A
above.
Part B:   Technical Assistance and Training Program
1.    Design and supervision of the Program under Part A above.
2.    Provision of assistance and training to improve the capacity
of:
            (i)    local governments to identify and evaluate the
                   feasibility of small-scale public works
                   projects and design easily applicable
                   procurement procedures;
           (ii)    local consultants to prepare sound feasibility
                   studies and technical proposals for such
                   projects; and
          (iii)    local contractors in management, work
                   organization, cost awareness and other skills
                   necessary for efficient implementation of such
                   projects.
3.    Provision of assistance to enhance local populations'
awareness, acceptance and participation in such projects
(grassroots participation).
4.    Provision of services and training aimed at local
governments, consultants and contractors to improve project
monitoring at all levels.
5.    Development and implementation by AMEXTIPE of a program to
monitor and evaluate its operations and the other activities it
finances, including the improvement of operations in conformity
Page  12
with the proposals of financial, technical and management audits
of such operations and activities.
Part C:     Sectoral Studies and Assistance
1.    Preparation and evaluation of studies focussing in
particular on appropriate: (i) road management: construction,
rehabilitation, repair and maintenance; (ii) programming and
funding procedures for road maintenance in MET; and (iii) road
management structure and procedures within MET.
2.    Provision of assistance to MET to implement recommendations
in view of a more effective road management structure and
streamlined procedures.
3.    Preparation and evaluation of studies focussing on
improvement of urban management through: (i) improved collection
of local taxes; (ii) adequate matching procedures for central and
local government funds; and (iii) more cost-effective use of
available resources, all said activities involving the
Municipality of Nouakchott, and the Ministry of Finance and the
Ministry of the Interior of the Borrower.
4.    Provision of assistance to the Beneficiaries under Part C.3
(iii) of this Schedule to implement the recommendations of the
studies and to improve cooperation and the funding of municipal
services and investments.
5.    Preparation of an action plan on development for the
construction industry in the territory of the Borrower.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part D hereof, works and goods shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods, in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the
territory of the Borrower may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55
and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix
2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a
margin of preference to domestic contractors in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $283,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
Page  13
amount financed by the Association not to exceed $6,970,000, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures laid
down in the Manual of Procedures.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $283,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $400,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of international shopping with price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at least
two different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures laid down in the Manual of Procedures.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for works or services
pursuant to Part A of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, estimated to
cost the equivalent of $192,000 or more, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of
the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract, together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3, shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist AMEXTIPE in carrying out the Project, the
Borrower shall cause AMEXTIPE to employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) to
(4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and
Page  14
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, AMEXTIPE
shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or
requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                   the payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Account for eligible
                   expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories and in the
respective equivalent amounts as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions
of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Page  15
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall
be made only after and to the extent that the Association shall
have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in
the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized
in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any timethat any payment out 
of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2
of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence
as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Association into the Special Account shall be made until the
Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund
to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
