Page  1
                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3174 JM
              DEVELOPMENT GRANT AGREEMENT
               (in conjunction with the
         Agricultural Sector Adjustment Loan)
                        between
                        JAMAICA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
           ACTING AS ADMINISTRATOR ON BEHALF
    OF THE MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION OF
                    THE NETHERLANDS
                  Dated May 18, 1990
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3174 JM
              DEVELOPMENT GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 18, 1990, between JAMAICA (the
Beneficiary) and the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) acting as
Administrator (the Administrator) on behalf of the
MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION OF THE NETHERLANDS
(the Minister).
     WHEREAS  (A) pursuant to a Loan Agreement
(Agricultural Sector Adjustment  Loan),  dated March  23,
1990, between Jamaica (the Borrower) and the Bank (the
Loan Agreement), the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000)
to assist in the financing of a program of agricultural
sector adjustment as defined in the Preamble to the Loan
Page  2
Agreement (the Program);
     (B)  the Beneficiary, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Program has requested
the Minister to provide development aid finance (the
Grant) in accordance with the Co-financing Agreement,
dated May 16, 1984, entered into between the Minister of
Finance of the Netherlands and the Minister (as defined)
and the International Development Association and the
Bank, to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (C)  pursuant to the Arrangements for
Administration, dated December 11, 1986, entered into
between the Minister and the Bank (the Administration
Arrangements), the Minister has appointed the Bank as
Administrator of the Grant and has authorized the Bank to
do all such acts and things as may be necessary or
appropriate to carry out such administration, including
entering into  this Development Grant Agreement on behalf
of the Minister, and to extend the Grant on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     (D)  the Bank has agreed on the basis, inter-alia,
of the foregoing to act as Administrator of the Grant;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan Agreements"  of the  International Bank for
Reconstruction and Development, dated January l, 1985,
with the modifications set forth below (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
     (a)  the term "Bank", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the Bank acting as Administrator of the
Grant;
     (b)  the term "Borrower", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means Jamaica;
     (c)  the term "Loan", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grant;
     (d)  the term "Loan Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions and herein, means the separate account
opened by the Administrator in its books in the name of
the Beneficiary, (for use by the Borrower pursuant to the
terms of the Loan Agreement), pursuant to Section 3 01 of
the Administration Arrangements, to which the amount of
the Grant is credited;
     (e)  the term "Loan Agreement", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means this Development Grant
Agreement;
     (f)  Sections 3 02, 3 03, 3 04, 3 05, 4 01, 4 02, 4
03, 4 04, 4 05, 4 06, 4 07, 4 08, 4 09 (except the first
sentence thereof), 4 10, Section 6 02 (except paragraph
(b) thereof), 7 01, 8 01 (a), 12 05, and the second
sentence of Section 5 01, are deleted; and
     (g)  in Sections 2 01 and 6 02, the term "Bank"
shall include also the Bank acting in its own capacity.
     Section 1.02.  Wherever used in this Agreement,
Page  3
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01.  The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Beneficiary, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement and subject to the receipt
of the funds to be made available to the Administrator
pursuant to Section 1 05 of the Administration
Arrangements, a grant in the amount of up to ten million
Guilders (Dfl 10,000,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with
Section 2 02 and Schedule I of the Loan Agreement for
expenditures made in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods required during the execution of the Program and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant.
     (b)  Whenever a disbursement from the Loan Account
is required to be made in a currency other than Dutch
Guilders for the purposes of this Grant Agreement, the
Administrator shall withdraw from the Loan Account an
amount in Dutch Guilders sufficient for the Administrator
to purchase the required amount of the appropriate
currency.
     Section 2.03.  Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Grant shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.04.  The Closing Date shall be September
30, 1990 or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish.  The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Beneficiary of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
             Effective Date; Termination;
                    Representatives
     Section 3.01.   The following event is specified as
an additional condition to the effectiveness of this
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Administrator shall
have received the funds referred to in Section 2.01 of
this Agreement.
     Section 3.02.  The date 60 days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12 04 of the General Conditions.
     Section 3.03.  The Minister of Finance of the
Beneficiary shall be representative of the Beneficiary
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 3.04.  The addresses specified in Section 6.
02 of the Loan Agreement shall be the addresses specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  4
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section  4.01.  In accordance with Section 5.03 of
the Administration Arrangements; the rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement
may be transferred to the Minister.  The Beneficiary
accepts and agrees that, upon notice by the Administrator
to the Beneficiary to that effect, the Minister shall,
ipso facto, from the date specified in such notice, be
substituted in all rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement as if the Minister had
been an original party to this Agreement, without any
further action or formality required on the part of any
party, and from such date the Administrator shall cease
to have any rights or obligations as a party under this
Agreement.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written
                                                JAMAICA
                               By    /s/  Keith Johnson
                              Authorized Representative
  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
         as Administrator on behalf of the MINISTER FOR
             DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION OF THE NETHERLANDS
                             By  /s/   S. Shahid Husain
                              Authorized Representative
