Report No. PID9439
Project Name             Bolivia-Road Rehabilitation and (@)
Maintenance Project
Region                   Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                   Institutional Development; Highways
Project ID               BOPE68968
Borrower(s)              REPUBLIC OF BOLIVIA
Implementing Agency
Address SERVICIO NACIONAL DE CAMINOS
Address: Av. Mariscal Santa Cruz
esquina Oruro, Edificio Centro de
Comunicaciones, Piso 8, La Paz, Bolivia
Contact Person: Sr. Jose MarUa Bakovic,
Presidente Ejecutivo, Servicio
Nacional de Caminos
Tel: 591-2-2356513
Fax: 591-2-2391724
Email:
Environment Category     B
Date PID Prepared        May 6, 2002
Auth Appr/Negs Date      January 31, 2002
Bank Approval Date       April 2, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
This section presents transport sector issues as they impinge on
strategies that aim at: (a) preserving and expanding the road assets
required for the proper socio-economic development of the country; (b)
revamping the institutional capacity for managing road assets; (c)
redressing the condition of road networks; and (c) enhancing road
maintenance practices and financing. Unfortunately, the lack of reliable
recent statistics on the road network and use--largely caused by the
failed decentralization of the road administration that took place in
1996--does not allow for a more precise in-depth analysis of the trends
during the last ten years. The data provided in this section constitute
the best estimates available.Deferred attention to the road infrastructure
needs required by sustained economic development. The Bolivian economy
has been growing at around 4t during most of the 90s (with a deceleration
since 1999 caused in part by the effects of external crises). The
economic growth has generated additional traffic and the number of
vehicle-kilometers has shown an average annual growth rate of 8.3w between
1991 and 1999 as has the number of registered vehicles. Both of these
variables show a combined rate of increase of more than double that of the
GDP (see Figure 1). About 80t of the number of vehicle-kilometers take
place on the 11,000-km national network. Both passenger and freight
traffic is provided by a highly competitive and largely unregulated
transport service industry. The increase in the number of
vehicle-kilometers has been accompanied by a substantial increase in the
number of accidents (doubling between 1994 and 1996 and oscillating at
around 1,000 fatalities per year between 1996 and 1999), making Bolivia
one of the countries in Latin America with the highest fatality rates (in



terms of number of fatalities per vehicle-km).1   Accidents on the road
network--often involving buses--make unfortunate headlines in the Bolivian
newspapers.These traffic trends underpin the importance of infrastructure
in facilitating the social and economic activities that require transport
as an input. A 2001 World Bank-sponsored study on the competitiveness of
Bolivian industry ("Bolivia Microeconomic Constraints and Opportunities
for Higher Growth") highlights that "[t]he poor state of transport
infrastructure in Bolivia is one of the most severe constraints on [the
development of] its [manufacturing] industry." The study documents the
poor state of roads and the impact produced in the reliability of supply
chains, forcing industries to hold high inventory levels (well above other
comparable countries) and reducing productivity. It further reports that
the poor state of infrastructure raises the running cost for truck fleets
and hence the final costs for shippers. And it follows by stating that
"the cost of transport in Bolivia--ranging from 2 to 20 times the cost of
freight in other neighboring countries--is clearly a major competitive
obstacle for the [economic development] of the country." The high cost of
road transport is largely responsible for this situation given that 95
percent of all firms that ship their products do so by roads.These
statistics and facts draw attention to the constraints on social and
economic activities generated by (a) the poor operating condition of the
Bolivian highways that serve the largest consumption and production
centers and (b) the deficient network coverage to adequately facilitate
the social and economic integration of the country. Years of chronic
deficits in public funding, mismanagement of available resources, and poor
quality of maintenance have compounded those conditions. While Government
programs have underscored investment amounts up to US$500 million per
year, the actual investments from 1990 to 2000 have hovered around US$110
million in construction and rehabilitation works and up to about US$20
million in maintenance on the national and secondary networks, with a
trend of increasing participation of external sources in the financing of
the construction and rehabilitation works.2    These figures reflect an
in-grained management limit to manage, preserve and expand road assets.
This limit has diminished the effectiveness of donor support in upgrading
and expanding the road network. This support has been hampered by a weak
institutional base and ill-designed sector policies implemented in the mid
90s. Striving to reform and strengthen the institutional and management
framework. From 1990 to 1994, with support from multilateral financial
institutions--mainly IDB, IDA and CAF--the Government of Bolivia (GOB)
attempted to strengthen the institutional capacity to manage and maintain
the network, with the development of maintenance management systems and
the provision of technical assistance to specific areas of the sectoral
institutions--mainly, Vice-Ministry of Transport and the National Roads
Agency (or SNC for its Spanish name Servicio Nacional de Caminos).
However, the Administrative Decentralization Law, No. 1654, of August 1995
(which became effective for the SNC on January 12, 1996), affected
negatively those efforts because by transferring the entire network to
newly created institutions (the Prefecturas) for the nine regions of
Bolivia, human, mechanical (e.g., equipment) and financial resources were
spread too thin, reducing the capacity of the sector institutions to
manage the road network and attend road emergencies during the rainy
season. (Before the decentralization, the SNC had more than 3,000
employees, of which 2,200 were force-account workers and the rest
administrative and professional staff.) Furthermore, in the process,
information was lost.The newly created institutions--the Servicios
- 2 -



Prefecturales de Caminos of the Prefecturas (SEPCAMs)--disregarded
largely the maintenance requirements of the national network and, taking
the narrower perspective of their internal (departmental) transport needs
rather than a national view, shifted their attention to the secondary and
tertiary networks on the basis of non-economic considerations. The
Servicios Prefecturaless de Caminos, in addition, did not have (and have
not had) the necessary technical skills to address the proper upkeep of
all the road assets under their jurisdiction. The SNC remained
exclusively as the entity in charge of the execution of donor-financed
projects (though even for this activity it had to rely on the resources of
the Prefecturas to cover the counterpart financing of those projects).In
light of the palpable deterioration of the national network, the
governmental administration that assumed power in August 1997, reversed
the course and re-centralized the national network. On September 16,
1997, Law 1788 was passed by the Congress and full responsibility for
managing and maintaining the national network was restored to the SNC with
an effective date of January 1, 1999. In August 1998, Supreme Decree No.
25134 reestablished a national network of about 11,000 km and mechanisms
to improve the financing of the maintenance of that network, including the
establishment of a maintenance account to be funded with 70% of toll
revenues (the other 30% to remain with the Prefecturas).    The "new" SNC
recovered those goods--such as traffic counters and axle-weight control
equipment--which had also been transferred to the SEPCAMs as part of the
decentralization process and departed with a limited cadre of
professionals and the need to outsource the maintenance of the national
network (as the previous maintenance workforce had also been entirely
transferred to the Prefecturas).    As much statistical information on
traffic and road condition had not been collected during the
"decentralized" period, the newly created SNC lacked the capacity to
revamp the maintenance management systems developed previously and to
program investments on the basis of actual economic and traffic data. In
addition, the process had undermined the motivation of staff and instilled
non-transparent procurement practices.This situation led the GOB to focus
on reinvigorating the SNC. By December 1999, the GOB initiated a renewal
process by replacing the managers at the helm of the SNC and agreeing with
donors on a major institutional restructuring process and overhaul of that
agency, with a shift in its mandate from one heavily tilted towards
administering its own workforce to another one that focused on
administering contracts and managing results. The process consisted of
four key elements: (a) definition of a Strategic Plan highlighting
institutional shortcomings and the specific actions to address them; (b)
definition of the organizational structure and functioning of the SNC to
efficiently and effectively carry out its responsibilities as defined
under the Strategic Plan; (c) appointment of an Executive President and
four members of a Board of Directors on the basis of technical and
managerial qualifications; and (d) appointment of technical and
administrative staff on the basis of merits and the relevant
qualifications. The organizational structure and the related staffing
needs were to be sanctioned under an Institutional Reform Agreement (or
ARI for its Spanish name). The institutional reform process was
undertaken with the participation of civil society, all levels of the
governmental administration, and other key stakeholders and was and has
been supported with resources from Credit BO-2395 (Second Road Maintenance
Project) and Credit BO-3245 (Institutional Reform Project). (Box 1
summarizes the key steps of the process.)Deteriorated road network
- 3-



conditions. The weakness of the institutional framework affected the
condition of the network (particularly, of the 11,000 kilometers of
national roads, of which one third is paved). From 1991 to 1995, with
support from several multilateral financial institutions in rehabilitation
activities, the condition of the network improved steadfastly. However,
the amount of resources allocated to maintenance, albeit increasing, was
not yet sufficient for the proper long-term upkeep of road assets.     Upon
the approval of the Administrative Decentralization Law, the level of
maintenance of the road network was further reduced to a third of the
previous limited levels, according to statistics from the Ministry of
Economic Development and the SNC. Unfortunately, during the
"decentralization" period, data on road condition (and other traffic data)
were scant, and it has become difficult to assess the actual impact of the
decentralization process on road condition. Nevertheless, it is safe to
say that the national network suffered a dangerous deteriorating trend and
key sections of the network are in need of urgent rehabilitation, lest the
future rehabilitation and maintenance costs will increase even further.
The table below shows the most up-to-date detailed estimate of the
condition of the network based on a visual inspection of the road
network. The table shows that in May 2000, only about 11t of the national
network was at least in good condition (down from an estimated 15t in
1999), though there was a reduction in the number of kilometers in poor or
very poor condition, almost doubling the number of kilometers in regular
condition. With the completion of several rehabilitation projects and a
renewed interest and effort on road maintenance, another visual inspection
carried out in September 2001, showed an increased to about 19t in the
number of kilometers in at least good condition. The percentage however
remains fairly low by its own value and by international comparisons.The
deteriorating condition of the network during the "decentralization"
period was amplified by the low level of execution of the budget. An
analysis of the execution of the road maintenance budget by the main
Prefecturas (traversed by 67T of the kilometers of the national road
network) during that "decentralization" period, shows deficient levels
(see Chart below). This inefficiency in the management of the maintenance
budget coupled by the already low levels of that budget (compared to the
needs, taking into account the condition of the network and the traffic on
it) compounded to create the deteriorated condition described in the
previous paragraph. At the National Roads Agency or SNC (the acronym for
its name in Spanish: Servicio Nacional de Caminos), the level of execution
of the budget decreased substantially during the "decentralization"
period, falling behind the comparator for the overall national government
after a high level during the 1990-1994 (that reflects a similarly high
level of investments supported by international donors).The need to
establish sustainable road maintenance practices and financing. Upon the
re-centralization of the national network, the SNC, lacking the human
resource it had before the "decentralization" period, designed and
implemented a program of contracting private enterprises to undertake the
maintenance of the road network. A pilot program was initiated with
resources from Credit 2395-BO (Second Road Maintenance Project). The
pilot was successful in providing a testing ground for undertaking road
maintenance with private contractors. However, it proved too short lived
and the national program of maintenance developed thereafter did not count
with the same level of resources (for both maintenance activities and for
supervision) and the experience after almost three years was, in general,
less than satisfactory in terms of improvements to the condition of the
- 4 -



network. The program however has been a valuable learning process in
contracting out maintenance and helped promote a private industry which
can efficiently undertake road maintenance activities.The national program
of maintenance has been financed with the resources collected from road
tolls and, for emergency works, additional contributions from the National
Treasury.   The road tolls are deposited in the Road Maintenance National
Account created in August 1998 with Supreme Decree No. 25134.     With this
mechanism, the GOB made a clear--even if still insufficient--commitment to
the desirability and need to fund adequately the maintenance of roads.
However, as toll collection had been contracted out by the Prefecturas
ahead of the recentralization of the national network on terms in general
advantageous for the private collecting firms, the system lacked the
flexibility to reduce the administrative costs claimed by the toll
collection companies and incorporate policy decisions on toll rates. In
2001, the SNC overtook the legal responsibility over the toll collection
contracts and is in the process of reviewing them towards the
implementation of an action plan to improve their future terms.At the
departmental level, upon the re-centralization of the national network
with the SNC, the SEPCAMs of the Prefecturas remained responsible for the
secondary network of about 6,000 kilometers and retained the labor and
heavy equipment transferred to them under the decentralization process.
The capacity of the SEPCAMs to perform their activities in their road
networks has been reduced. This is due to several aspects, key among
them: (a) the constrains of the resources for the sector, as their
administrative costs are high (labor costs absorb most of the 30t of road
tolls that are allocated for the maintenance of the secondary road
networks) and keeping the heavy equipment operational has generated a
financial burden, though the budgets often appears large as the
Prefecturas remain responsible for providing the counterpart financing for
the investments undertaken with external funds; (b) the tendency to attend
requests from municipalities to attend with the heavy equipment of the
SEPCAMs the periodic and emergency maintenance activities on rural roads
that are not under the jurisdiction of the Prefecturas; and (c) the
deficient planning and management capacity due to lack of appropriate
information systems and limited numbers of qualified technical staff.
Furthermore, the decentralization scheme and experience dissociated the
SNC from the SEPCAMs (that to a great extent were built from the previous
SNC's district offices) and the relationship became one more of distrust
rather than cooperation (in spite of the fact that the Prefecturas are
deconcentrated units of the central government, with a mandate that should
respond to the strategies of that central government). As part of the
Strategic Development Plan, the need for coordination among the different
levels of government and sector institutions, and considering the feeder
(departmental) road network another element of the surface transport
system, was identified as another important institutional action that has
become part of the GOB strategy for the sector.In the past, of all the
charges collected from road users only those collected through road tolls
have been allocated to road-related activities. Seventy percent of these
resources is deposited into the Road Maintenance National Account (or
CNCV for its Spanish name, Cuenta Nacional de Conservacion Vial) created
in 1998 for the use of the SNC. However, road users pay to various levels
of government a variety of charges through the use, acquisition and
transfer of vehicles, the consumption of fuel, and the use of roads. In
2000, the amount collected through these charges were as follows: from
fuel taxes, US$204 million; from tolls, US$21.2 million; from vehicle
- 5 -



licenses, US$19.6 million; from used-vehicle transfers, US$4.4 million;
and from vehicle import taxes, US$44.1 million. In all, road users
contributed about US$295 million. With the discount of a valued added tax
for fuel consumption (of 12%) and those taxes that are generally applied
to other goods in the economy, the total amount of users' charges in 2000
was above US$250 million, more than three times the US$78 million
estimated to be necessary to cover the routine and periodic maintenance
costs for all the road networks (national, secondary and rural, but
excluding urban roads).With the progress in the institutional reform and
the definition of the definition of the strategic development plan, the
GOB proceeded in September 2001 with the approval of a Supreme Decree that
sanctioned the possible allocation of a broad spectrum of road users'
charges to the CNCV.    The CNCV constitutes an account for the exclusive
use of the SNC where the collections from the tolls and other possible
road users' charges are deposited. As such, the account, though it does
not constitute more than a bank account, it has the possibility of
incorporating mechanisms for increasing the resources as required by the
needs of the road network. On January 23, 2002, the GOB approved another
Supreme Decree (No. 26487) allocating an increasing percentage of the
revenues collected from taxes on fuel consumption to the CNCV. In this
manner, the resources allocated to the maintenance of road assets is
expected to be built up to achieve the level of financing required for the
proper up-keep of road assets. As a first step the focus of the CNCV is
on the financing of the maintenance needs on the national network. Upon
the building up of the resources further options are expected to be
assessed to include other levels of the road network and alternative
options for the management of the CNCV.In sum, the most salient sector
issues center on the underlying weak institutional framework to manage and
finance the improvement and preservation of road assets coupled with shaky
maintenance practices which were difficult to enhance and sustain due to
poor management and lack of resources. This overall situation has created
in the past a vicious circle of disinvestment, complaints by the users, an
animosity towards the sector institutions from the general public, and the
ensuing reluctance to contribute to the needs of the sector. The current
GOB strategy of "institutionalization" of the SNC, complemented with the
allocation of specific road users' charges for road maintenance, and
actions for revamping the inter-institutional cooperation should follow
through to establish a sustainable path. The Project attempts to
collaborate in this direction.1 Road Directorate, Ministry of Transport,
Denmark, "Road Safety in Latin America and the Caribbean Analysis of the
Road Safety Situation in Nine Countries," 1998.2 World Bank, "Bolivia
Public Expenditure Review," Report No. 19232-BO, Country Management Unit,
Country Department VI, Latin America and Caribbean Region, June 14, 1999.
2. Objectives
The project development objective is to improve road transitability and
accessibility through the rehabilitation of key segments of the national
and secondary road networks and the strengthening of the country's
capacity to manage road assets. At an overall level, the project seeks to
preserve economic development along key road links of the national network
and facilitate the social and economic integration of the regions and
communities in the area of influence of those links.The specific project
development objectives are to: (a) arrest the premature deterioration and
the increasing maintenance costs of key links of the national road network
and support the implementation of a sustainable mechanism for the proper
- 6 -



maintenance of the national road network; (b) consolidate the revamping of
the institutional framework by making the national roads agency
results-oriented and improving the efficiency and transparency of
contractual practices; (c) pilot coordinating mechanisms that can help
strengthen the institutional capacity of the Prefecturas (deconcentrated
departmental units of the central government) to manage the secondary road
networks under their jurisdiction; and (d) initiate the development of a
road safety initiative, to reduce the comparatively-high accident rate
existing on Bolivian highways (and particularly affecting travelers with
lower income levels). These objectives are aligned with those established
in the Bolivia Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper (PRSP) reviewed by the
Bank in May 2001.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The experience of IDA in providing advice and financial support to the
sector in Bolivia spans for a period of almost 10 years. In coordination
with the IDB and the CAF, IDA has helped establish the policy and
institutional framework for the development of the sector. Through its
sequence of loans to the transport sector, IDA has built up credibility
for adding value to the sector, by providing alternative models and
strategies about how to strengthen road management, how to establish
financing and contractual mechanisms for adequate and efficient
maintenance, and how to plan and program investments and maintenance
activities. IDA involvement is also expected to benefit the quality of
engineering designs and bid documents, and foster improved practices in
the areas of road safety, institutional reform, and environmental
protection. IDA will also bring its extensive knowledge on developing
road management and maintenance systems in the Latin-American countries
and worldwide.Given that the IDB has already lent a large amount of its
available resources for road construction in the past years and is
planning another major operation in the coming year, and the CAF presents
limits to the additional amounts it can lent to Bolivia (due to debt
reduction agreements, from which Bolivia is benefiting through the Heavily
Indebted Poor Countries Program, there exist limits on the amounts the
country may borrow on commercial terms), the GOB is seeking additional
financing from the IDA to confront Bolivia's needs for expanding and
preserving its road assets.
4. Description
Component 1: Rehabilitation of priority segments of the national road
network. This component includes the rehabilitation of 353.1 km of
national roads between (a) Calamarca and San Pedro (165.1 km), on the main
road from La Paz to Oruro (and from this town to Cochabamba and Santa
Cruz), and (b) Boyuibe and Yacuiba (188.0 km), providing continuity to the
road Abap6-Camiri (whose reconstruction is being undertaken with support
from Credit 3235-BO). These roads constitute critical existing segments
of the national network that, because they are substantially deteriorated,
require immediate rehabilitation or reconstruction.     The SNC has
undertaken an in-depth analysis of rehabilitation alternatives (using the
Bank-sponsored Highway Design and Maintenance Standards Model or HDM) and
selected the ones that would report the largest economic benefits. The
priority of these segments has been confirmed against the results of the
Transport Master Plan, a country-wide modeling tool that under the
Vice-Minister of Transport has allowed to established the transport
priorities for the country in the medium term. All the works will take
- 7 -



place within existing rights-of-way and will not involve the displacement
of population.Component 2: Pilot of rehabilitation of secondary
(departmental) roads. In order to increase the benefits from the
rehabilitation of the segments of the national network, facilitate
transport from low income communities, and encourage adequate road
management practices at the Prefecturas, this component seeks to
rehabilitate around 200 km of secondary roads. The selection of the these
roads would be based on eligibility criteria which would include: (a) road
segments linking to main economic corridors and contributing to the
facilitation of access to and from those corridors; (b) a maximum
rehabilitation cost per km (of US$25,000), (c) specific institutional
requirements to be completed by the relevant Prefectura (in terms, among
others, of road investment planning and maintenance financing and
programming); (d) compliance with social and environmental safeguardsand;
and (e) other socio-economic criteria.    Component 5 would further provide
support to the implementation of the institutional development actions
with the Prefecturas committed to their application.     The pilot focuses
on the Departments of La Paz, Oruro, Chuquisaca y Tarija, that are the
four departments the segments under component 1 transverse. The
Prefecturas of these departments will compete for the available funds
through the incentives to be established by the compliance with the
eligibility criteria. As in component 1, all the (limited) works under
this component will take place within existing rights-of-way and will not
entail any resettlement of population.Component 3: Road Maintenance
National Account (CNCV) and Resurfacing Program. This component would
contribute credit resources to the funding of a Road Maintenance National
Account (or CNCV for its name in Spanish: Cuenta Nacional de Conservacion
Vial), on a yearly declining basis. The CNCV would be the source of
financing for the 2002-2006 routine maintenance and resurfacing program
for the national network. The Government has demonstrated its commitment
to finance adequately the maintenance of road assets by approving the
establishment of the CNCV to be funded with resources from various users'
charges and specifying the details of the generation and use of those
resources. In order to phase in the incidence of these charges on road
users and on the economy as a whole, their amount will be increased
incrementally over the life of the project, while the credit provides the
difference, on a declining basis, to cover the annual maintenance needs of
the network. The credit resources will finance those contracts with
preponderance of periodic maintenance activities (resurfacing). The
schedule of contributions to the CNCV and the use of its resources were
agreed upon at negotiations based on appraisal mission findings and
agreements. Strict compliance with existing environmental regulations
will be applied to all the maintenance activities undertaken with
resources from the CNCV. Regulations for the operation of the CNCV,
including specific provisions for the processing of disbursements and the
audit of technical and procurement requirements, were agreed upon at
negotiations.Component 4: Technical Assistance. This component consists of
four sub-components: (a) development of a road safety initiative
(complementing other activities being implemented with support from other
donors and from IDA) to strengthen the country's capacity to attend and
reduce road accidents; (b) pre-investment studies, to support the
preparation of technical, social and environmental studies for new road
projects within the context of the results of the Transport Master Plan
and the economic development strategy of the Government of Bolivia (under
terms of reference agreed upon with the Bank, with due consideration to
- 8-



social and environmental safeguards), to fill the current gap produced by
the lack of completed new designs for enhancing Bolivia's road
infrastructure; (c) supervision of rehabilitation works of the two first
components, estimated at 8t of the rehabilitation costs; (d) technical,
financial and performance audits of the proper use of the resources from
the CNCV and the carrying out of annual independent opinion of trunk
road-network conditions; and (e) impact evaluations, to assess the
short-term impacts of the completed works and maintenance activities in
the livelihoods of the populations along the areas of influence of the
affected road segments.Component 5: Institutional development. This
component includes support to the following key areas: (a) the
consolidation of the institutional reform of the sector entities, mainly
the SNC and the SEPCAMs (of the Prefecturas), with an emphasis on
procurement and contracting practices and on maintenance and investment
programming systems, with an aim at achieving a more effective,
financially-sustainable, and efficient management of road assets in
Bolivia; (b) the development of alternative mechanisms for carrying out
road maintenance activities, from microenterprises or performance-based
contracts, towards enhancing the efficiency of the use of the resources of
the CNCV; (c) the development of information management systems to
strengthen financial accountability and contract management at the SNC;
and (d) training in the areas related to the technical assistance and
institutional development sub-components. This component would also
include support to the Vice-Ministry of Transport as it relates to the
responsibilities of this Vice-Ministry in the road transport sector.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER                 $200.00
IBRD
IDA                      $77.00
NORDIC DEVELOPMENT FUND $7.00
Total Project Cost       $284.00
6. Implementation
Implementation Agency.   The SNC, which has responsibility for the national
road network, will be responsible for the overall implementation of the
Project and for the direct execution of the Project except for the
components of rehabilitation of secondary roads and implementation of an
accident information system. These components will be implemented
respectively by the Prefecturas of La Paz, Oruro, Chuquisaca and Tarija,
and by the National Police Department. For these components, however, the
SNC will be responsible for monitoring compliance with the relevant
procedures and eligibility criteria, providing technical support, and
requesting the disbursement of funds.Within the SNC, a Project
Coordinating Unit (PCU), currently managing the Abapo-Camiri Highway
Project (Credit 3235-BO), would coordinate the project implementation
activities with SNC's technical and administrative units. These units
encompass the road maintenance unit, the socio-environmental unit, the
studies and planning unit, and the financial and administration unit. In
all, these units are staffed with engineers and procurement experts who
would provide the necessary knowledge for the execution of the Project and
with planners and financial management specialists who would provide the
skills for the implementation of the technical assistance activities and
the management of the Project.The pilot component for the rehabilitation
-9-



of secondary roads will be implemented by the respective road agencies
(SEPCAMs) of the participating Prefecturas following procedures,
eligibility criteria, and inter-institutional arrangements agreed upon at
appraisal and confirmed at negotiations. The SNC will enter into
agreements with the participating Prefecturas for the purpose of
establishing the conditions for the participation of the SEPCAMs in the
implementation of that component of the Project. Such agreements will
provide the obligations of the participating SEPCAMs in: (i) complying
with the relevant set of informational and institutional requirements;
(ii) implementing the institutional action plan to be agreed upon with the
SNC; (iii) making the necessary arrangements so that the road subprojects
are carried out following appropriate procurement and contractual
practices; and (iv) making the budgetary allocations and releasing the
counterpart funds on a timely basis. The agreements will also provide the
obligations of the SNC in respect of informing the participating SEPCAMs
about Project-financed activities, making the arrangements for the
delivery the relevant technical assistance in roads management; monitoring
compliance with relevant procedures and eligibility criteria; and
evaluating jointly with the SEPCAMs the results of the pilot component for
the rehabilitation of secondary roads.The maintenance component related to
the CNCV would be executed by the SNC, using the resources of the CNCV as
the proceeds for financing the routine and maintenance program of the
SNC. The SNC would follow the procedures delineated in the CNCV manual
(to be legally approved at the ministerial level), allocating the
resources to the eligible activities (for civil works and consultants'
services), and in accordance with specific procurement and contractual
rules (including appropriate environmental practices). The SNC will also
be required to follow specific reporting and audit procedures, to confirm
the appropriate use of the CNCV resources. The SNC will procure and
supervise the maintenance contracts to be financed with the CNCV resources
in the same manner as it does for its ongoing maintenance contracts, and
will submit to IDA the pertinent documentation for processing IDA's
declining contribution to the financing of contracts under the resurfacing
program. The three year experience of the SNC in contracting out
maintenance activities, albeit with difficuties in achieving its
performance objectives (in terms of improvements to road conditions),
should ensure the adequate implementation of this component of the
Project.The road safety initiative will be implemented by the National
Police Department. The SNC will enter into an agreement with National
Police Department for the purpose of establishing the PNB implementation
responsibilities for such sub-component of the Project including
compliance with the relevant procurement processes, the provision of
support for carrying out the consultant services, and the sharing of
information upon completion of the development of the accident information
system. The project would provide funds (under its technical assistance
component) to finance the Project Coordinating Unit, to be staffed by at
least two engineers/managers (with experience in procurement,
institutional relations, and engineering matters), who would also
collaborate in following up the implementation of the ongoing Abapo-Camiri
Project. The PCU will coordinate the provision of technical assistance
services to the SNC, the SEPCAMs, the VMT, and the National Police
Department, and will support the SNC in carrying out the procurement for
the various Project components and the application of the procedures set
in the Project Operational Manual. The PCU will work closely with the
management of the SNC to ensure the achievement of the project objectives
- 10 -



and strategies and the proper internalization of the lessons to be learned
during project implementation into the activities of the SNC.Project
Operational Manual. In order to facilitate the implementation of the
project's various components and clarify the responsibilities and
activities of each implementing unit , the SNC will use a Project
Operational Manual that will define the guidelines and procedures to be
followed in the execution of the project. The format and content of the
manual were agreed upon at negotiations and its adoption by the SNC is a
condition of effectiveness. Indicatively, the manual would include: (i)
description of background, objectives, and components of the project; (ii)
institutional framework and responsibilities of the various units of the
SNC, the SEPCAMs, the National Police, and the VMT; (iii) the list of
indicators to assess the performance of each unit in the implementation of
each project component; (iv) procedures for project administration and
flow of funds; (v) environmental and social guidelines to be followed in
the execution of project works and to mitigate any possible adverse
impacts to the natural or social habitats which may be generated by the
rehabilitation of national or secondary roads; (vi) procurement procedures
for works, consultants services, and the acquisition of goods; (vii)
obligations of the SNC in monitoring the project and reporting its
progress; and (viii) a set of model documents for items such as: (a)
agreements with the Prefecturas and the National Police, (b) Indigenous
People Development Plan, (c) Social Plan, (d) terms of reference for
specific consultant services, (e) standard bidding documents and contracts
for works, (f) letters of invitation and contracts for consultant
services, (g) terms of reference for operational, technical, and financial
audits, (h) training plan, and (i) the regulations for the use of the
resources from the CNCV, the ARI, and other supporting legal
documentation.Implementation Period. Project implementation is expected
to start by July 1, 2002 and be completed by June 30, 2007.Accounting,
Financial Reporting and Auditing Arrangements. At appraisal, an
IDA-certified Financial Management Specialist carried out an assessment of
the SNC and satisfactorily vetted that the SNC has in place the
appropriate financial management system. As a result of this evaluation:
(i) it was determined that the accounting system can support the
preparation of Financial Monitoring Reports (FMRs) acceptable to the Bank,
and (ii) an agreement on an action plan to continue strengthening the
financial management and internal control functions has been reached with
SNC. During project implementation, the SNC would be required to contract
independent external auditors and present to the IDA the relevant audit
reports of the project accounts, the Special Account and SOEs and of the
entity as a whole within six months of the closing of the SNC fiscal
year. Furthermore, on an annual basis, the SNC would be required to
contract independent technical and financial auditors to undertake a
performance audit of the CNCV, including an independent opinion on the
condition of the national road network. Audit fees for the financial and
performance audits are being financed out of the proceeds of the IDA
credit related to the Project as consultant services.Other Reporting
Arrangements. In order to ensure an enhanced knowledge of the activities
of the SNC and encourage more transparent practices, the SNC will be
required to prepare and furnish to IDA, an annual report with respect to
the operational and financial performance of the SNC and to the schedule
of actions to be implemented to attend identified shortcomings, and
disseminate this report to the public. The report will include
information on: (i) status and progress in the execution of construction,
- 11 -



rehabilitation and maintenance contracts under the responsibility of the
SNC; (ii) the expenditures incurred in the maintenance of national roads
(routine and resurfacing) in the preceding year; (iii) the corresponding
use and allocation of the CNCV resources in that preceding year by type of
maintenance contract; (iv) the results of SNC's rating of the condition of
the national roads; (v) an independent opinion on that rating; (vi) status
and progress in the implementation of the institutional reform; and (vii)
statistical information on traffic volumes and other relevant data. The
publication of this annual report is in line with the requirements
established in the ARI.Monitoring and Evaluation Arrangements. Annual
reviews would be held to assess the progress in project implementation and
to agree on the necessary actions for the next review period. The reviews
would focus inter alia on: (a) advances in the institutional reform and
reorganization of the SNC; (b) the progress in the project implementation
schedule; (c) the level and composition of the resources allocated to the
CNCV for the fiscal year in which the review takes place; and (d) the
performance against the project monitoring indicators. Agreement was
reached at negotiations that SNC would provide: (a) every six months,
detailed progress reports to the Bank for monitoring purposes on the basis
of a format and methodology acceptable to the Bank; and (b) within six
months of the closing date, an input to the Project Implementation
Completion Report. The project includes funds to undertake technical and
financial performance audits, including those corresponding to the use of
the resources from the CNCV, and an evaluation of impacts at about 24
months ahead of the completion of the project.The results of the reviews
will be shared with the Nordic Development Fund, specifically those
related to the technical-assistance components to be financed with NDF
resources (pre-investment studies, road safety initiative, and
institutional-development actions).Mid-Term Review. By December 31, 2004,
the GOB and the Bank would conduct a mid-term review of the progress in
implementation, which in addition to the items covered in the annual
review, would focus inter alia on: (i) the adequacy of funding for the
maintenance of the national network; (ii) the adequacy of alternative
contractual mechanisms for undertaking the maintenance of the national
road network; and (iii) an assessment of the changes in the stock and
conditions of the national road assets. It will further include a review
of the progress made by the Borrower in: (i) managing the maintenance of
the national road network; (ii) implementing the rehabilitation and
maintenance components of the project; and (iii) carrying out the program
of institutional building of the SNC and of the SEPCAMs, and the road
safety sub-components of the project. The mid-term review will be carried
out with representatives from the Ministry of Economic Development, the
Vice-Ministry of Public Investment (VIPFE), the VMT, SNC, eligible
SEPCAMs, and, as agreed between the SNC and the IDA ahead of the date of
the mid-term review, other donors and stakeholders such as associations of
road users and members of the civil society.Bank Supervision. In line with
the precepts established under the Comprehensive Development Framework, a
joint Government/Bank team would supervise the project. Bank supervision
will liaise with other international donors to coordinate actions and
strategies that may emanate from the implementation of projects in the
road sector. The presence in a neighboring country (Peru) of the World
Bank FPSI Sector Leader will help ensure the adequate close coordination
and communication with the execution institution, other units of the GOB,
and the international donors. It is estimated that an average of about 30
staff weeks a year will be required for supervising the project.
- 12 -



7. Sustainability
The key element to the sustainability of the Project--and of the sector in
general--resides on the effective revamping of the institutional
framework, including the five key aspects of (a) the definition of a
sector policy that transcends the periods of Governmental administration;
(b) the establishment of organizational structures and processes that
promote transparency, coordination and efficiency; (c) the reform of the
hiring and retaining qualified personnel; (d) the need to secure resources
sufficient to maintain the country's road assets; and (e) the (re)creation
of an informational base that can allow to make informed decisions and
carry out objective planning. The previous absence of actions on these
key aspects has hampered the development of the sector along with the
transport needs of the economy. Furthermore, in the past several years,
road projects financed with loans and credits mainly from the IDA, the IDB
and the CAF have taken longer than expected to be executed (due to
weaknesses in management) and presented premature deterioration not too
long after their completion (due, largely, to the lack of proper
maintenance).In a concerted effort, the international donors are currently
supporting the efforts of the GOB to address those two key aspects. They
are reflected in the Strategic Development Plan (see Box 1 in Section 2 of
Part B, "Main Sector Issues and Government Strategy") which has been
approved by the GOB and in the advancement of the civil service reform of
the SNC (under the auspices of the Institutional Reform Project). The
first steps in the implementation of that Strategic Plan have been
sanctioned through a legal framework that includes the approval of
specific Laws and Supreme Decrees (Law 2064, and Supreme Decrees 26336 and
26487). Keeping the validity of this legal framework and following
through with the implementation of that Strategic Plan will allow to
consolidate the basis for the sustainability of the sector (and hence of
the externally-funded projects), and from it an array of other related
activities (such as environmental management, road safety initiatives,
expansion of the paved network, etc.) will be realized in an effective
manner.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The Bank Group's first involvement in roads took place in 1978 with the
Highway Maintenance Project (Ln. 1567-BO) when Bolivia was an IBRD
borrower. Later, after the stabilization program of 1985, The Export
Corridors Project (Cr. 2012-BO) was approved in May 1989. This project
was completed on June 30, 1996, one year after the original completion
date. Credit 2395-BO, the one that partially financed the Second Road
Maintenance Project, was closed on June 30, 2001, two-and-a-half years
after the original closing date. The Implementation Completion Report for
the Export Corridors Project was completed on May 15, 1997, while that
for the Second Road Maintenance Project was completed on December 21,
2001. The implementation of those two projects and of the on-going
Abapo-Camiri project provide the following lessons:n Projects often take
longer than expected to be implemented as a consequence of the reshuffling
of managerial staff with changes in governmental administration.
Employment instability decreases staff morale and increases the
possibilities of corruption. Shielding project implementation from staff
changes and low morale is not a simple task, but it could be improved by
carrying out reforms in the civil service through which a more limited but
well-remunerated human resource base, subject to satisfactory performance,
assumes the responsibility for managing investment projects in the public
- 13 -



sector. This lesson is even more critical in countries like Bolivia where
the managerial and technical human resources in the public sector is
limited. By delaying the implementation of the proposed project awaiting
the necessary institutional reforms along these lines, a stronger ground
has been established for the effective implementation of the Project
within the agreed timetable.n The experience of the implementation of the
Bolivian institutional reforms confirms that reform processes, when
undertaken without a clear consensus or pre-defined strategies, unlikely
would produce the intended results. The abrupt application of the
Administrative Decentralization Law (ADL) to the road sector during the
implementation of the Second Road Maintenance Project lacked a clear
strategy and created havoc to the management of the road network. The
experience showed that legislation is not sufficient to achieve results,
as it is also crucial to internalize strategies and concepts into the
relevant institutions, and to define an incremental process which would
allow change to materialize in light of the acquired practice and
institutional capacities. This lesson has been applied to the on-going
institutional reform of the SNC as the preparation of the strategic
development plan was undertaken in collaboration with a wide spectrum of
affected stakeholders with an aim at achieving the proper internalization
of strategies and actions.n The following issues have also arisen during
the implementation of the Second Road Maintenance Project: (a) enforcement
capacity in the central administration for maintenance programs has been
inadequate; (b) commitment of central government to implement a
sustainable financing mechanism for maintenance has been weak, mainly
because of the fear of political backlash if users do not perceive
noticeable improvements in road conditions ahead of new charges; (c) the
financial and execution capacity of local contractors has been limited;
(d) the project management and internal control capacity of the SNC has
been less than adequate; (e) the contracting out of routine maintenance
and all maintenance activities does not produce the desire outcomes (in
terms of road condition) when supervision is deficient and resources are
limited, particularly in a country like Bolivia with a large territory and
road segments far from the main populated centers; and (f) severe rains
during the rainy seasons affected the pace of project implementation.
These issues would be incorporated in the design of the proposed project
by advancing the institutional reform process, enhancing the quality of
designs and bidding documents, and defining strategies (already identified
in the Strategic Development Plan) to confront the need to revamp the
users' charges policies and improve the supervision of works and
maintenance. The support to the CNCV will allow to build up the
institutional base and the necessary trust to the institution as road
conditions are improved and road users' charges are aligned with the
maintenance needs of the road network.The experience of other countries
(in particular in Africa and Central America) with the implementation of
(so-called) second-generation road funds has been considered in the design
of the CNCV with an aim at ensuring a mechanism for the allocation of the
necessary resources for the upkeep of road assets.1 These funds are
managed by a separate board representing in various degrees the interest
of the road users. In general, these funds have been somewhat sucessful
in improving the administration of road funding and the results in terms
of better road conditions. However, in most cases the final definition of
the level of resources and their allocation has rested not as much within
the separate board but with the government budgetary authorities.
Furthermore, governance issues and effective planning and execution
- 14 -



capabilities appear to be the essential elements to bring about
sustainable reform effects, and the procedures for securing the necessary
resources and ensuring their proper use appear as important as the
establishment of a separate management of the fund. Considering this
experience, the design of the proposed CNCV emphasizes an incremental
approach to allow the building up of execution capabilities of the sector
entities and the generation of awareness of users (and the general public)
before advancing into more sophisticated schemes for the sustainable
financing of road maintenance.1 Gwilliam, K.M. and Z. Shalizi, "Road
Funds, User Charges and Taxes," The World Bank Research Observer, Volume
14, Number 2, August 1999; and Gwilliam, K.M. and Kumar, Ajay, "Road
Funds Revisited: A Preliminary Appraisal of the Effectiveness of "Second
Generation" Road Funds," Discussion Paper in TWU Series, TWU-47, The World
Bank, January 2002.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  The project will finance the rehabilitation and
repaving of two existing segments of the national grid (Calamaca-San Pedro
and Boyuibe-Yacuiba) and no new construction is planned along the existing
alignments. The project would thus not cause any direct negative impacts.
There will be no population displacement. The selected segments traverse
well, long-ago consolidated areas and as such, no indirect negative
impacts on natural habitats or on remote areas are envisioned.
Nevertheless, the SNC carried screening/analysis of these two segments and
these reports have been sent to the Infoshop. In addition, Social
Assessment reports on these segments was carried out (see below). Other
environmental work carried out during project preparation included: (i)
the preparation of an environmental manual for road contractors and site
specific environmental requirements for the segments to be rehabilitated;
(ii) designing and adapting a rapid environmental screening methodology
for feeder roads; (iii) preparing an environmental manual for road
maintenance by microenterprises; and (iv) designing an environmental
strengthening program for SNC.The rehabilitation works will comply with
strict environmental rules, including: (i) a set of environmental
guidelines for contractors that have been approved by SNC (explained
below) and which are part of all bidding documents and contracts; (ii) a
set of site specific environmental measures stemming from the
environmental screening exercises and the social assessments, which will
also be included in bidding documents and contracts; (iii) enforcing the
above requirements though specific environmental duties and reporting
requirements by the supervision engineer; and (iv) design and implement a
Social Action Plan for the rehabilitation of the two segments.
Additionally, an Indigenous People Development Plan will be
implemented.The Social Action Plan will be implemented by specialist in
social sciences to be hired by SNC (with local knowledge of customs and
language) for each segment and enforced through a Coordinating Committee:
SNC's technical and social staff, one representative of the contractor,
and representatives from the local communities. Components of the social
management plan include: i) information to local organizations,
communities authorities about project activities and schedule, and
location of camps; ii) employment generation: mechanism to ensure proper
hiring and compensation for local people; iii) environmental training and
social sensitivity raising exercises for work crews; iv) mechanisms to
- 15 -



ensure proper compensation for access to lots (burrow pits, camps,
temporary camps, etc.) and for payments from damages related to
construction activities; and v) signals and accident control in critical
areas as well as safety road training.The IPDP focuses on the
organizational strengthening of the indigenous population since the
creation of specific organizations are indispensable to enhance their
access to the available resources from different national and
international funds. Special attention will be paid to coordinate efforts
with the other related IDA-financed initiatives under implementation,
namely the Participatory Rural Investment Project (Credit 3065-BO) and the
Indigenous Peoples Development Project (Credit 3471-BO). Furthermore, the
Abap6-Camiri Highway Project is being executed currently. This project
also includes an Indigenous People Development Plan. Taking into account
that the segment Boyuibe-Yacuiba segment represents a continuation of the
Abap6-Camiri road, on the corridor from Santa Cruz to the Bolivia border
with Argentina, consideration will be given to extend the IPDP of the
Abap6-Camiri to include the indigenous population of the Boyuibe-Yacuiba
segment.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Aurelio Menendez
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202-473-0009
Fax: 202-676-9594
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
May 10, 2002.
- 16 -



