Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3346 TU
                (Private Investment Credit Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF TURKEY
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 28, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3346 TU
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 28, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF TURKEY
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 1 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   Part A of the Project will be carried out by the
Participating Commercial Banks (PCBs, as hereinafter defined),
Turkiye Sinai Kalkinma Bankasi (TSKB) and Sinai Yatirim Ve Kredi
Bankasi (SYKB) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to PCBs, TSKB and SYKB
the proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      (C)   Part B of the Project will be carried out by PCBs, TSKB
and SYKB with their own resources; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreement
of even date herewith among the Bank and TSKB and SYKB;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "PFIs" mean collectively the Participating Financial
Institutions, being PCBs, TSKB and SYKB; and "PFI" means each and
any of the Participating Financial Institutions individually;
      (b)   "PCBs" mean collectively the Participating Commercial
Banks, being commercial banks which shall have satisfied the
eligibility criteria for participating in the Project set forth in
paragraph A.1 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and "PCB" means each
and any of the Participating Commercial Banks individually;
      (c)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement among the Bank
and TSKB and SYKB of even date herewith, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (d)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" mean collectively the
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and each of PCBs,
TSKB and SYKB pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) (i), (ii) and (iii) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreements;
      (e)   "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
a PFI out of the proceeds of the Loan to an Investment Enterprise
for an Investment Project;
      (f)   "free-limit Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan, as so defined,
which qualifies as a free-limit Sub-loan pursuant to the provisions
of paragraph C.1 (b) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement or paragraph
B.4 (b) of Schedule 5 to this Agreement, as the case may be;
      (g)   "Investment Enterprise" means an enterprise in the
private sector to which a PFI has made or proposes to make a Sub-
loan;
      (h)   "Investment Project" means a specific development
project to be carried out by an Investment Enterprise utilizing the
proceeds of a Sub-loan;
      (i)   "PCBs Special Account" means the account for PCBs
referred to in Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (j)   "TSKB Special Account" means the account for TSKB
referred to in Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement and Section 2.01
(b) of the Project Agreement;
      (k)   "SYKB Special Account" means the account for SYKB
referred to in Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement and Section 2.01
(b) of the Project Agreement;
      (l)   "Special Accounts" mean collectively the PCBs Special
Account, the TSKB Special Account and the SYKB Special Account; and
"Special Account" means each and any such account individually;
      (m)   "Subsidiary" means any company of which the majority of
the outstanding voting stock or other proprietary interest is owned
Page  3
or effectively controlled by a PFI or by one or more subsidiaries of
a PFI or by a PFI and one or more of its Subsidiaries;
      (n)   "TL" or "Turkish Lira" means the currency of the
Borrower;
      (o)   "Central Bank" means the Central Bank of Turkey;
      (p)   "Banking Law" means Law No. 3182 of the Borrower dated
May 2, 1985, as amended from time to time;
      (q)   "LIBOR" means the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate;
      (r)   "WPI" means the Borrower's Wholesale Price Index; and
      (s)   "FY" or "fiscal year" means the period January 1 through
December 31.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account under Part A of the Project for amounts paid (or,
if the Bank shall so agree, to be paid) by a PFI on account of
withdrawals made by an Investment Enterprise under a Sub-loan to
meet 100% of foreign expenditures, 50% of local expenditures (ex-
factory cost) and 70% of local expenditures for other items procured
locally for equipment and materials required for the Investment
Project in respect of which the withdrawal from the Loan Account is
requested; provided, however, that no withdrawal shall be made: (i)
in respect of a Sub-loan not made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 4 or Schedule 5 to this Agreement; and (ii) in respect
of payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement.
      (b)   For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this Section: (i)
the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in any currency
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower; and
(ii) the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Sub-loans to be
made by PCBs under Part A of the Project, open and maintain, and for
the purposes of Sub-loans to be made by TSKB and SYKB, respectively,
under Part A of the Project, cause TSKB and SYKB to open and
maintain, all in dollars, special deposit accounts in a commercial
bank or in the Central Bank or, in the case of TSKB and SYKB, in
TSKB or SYKB itself, as the case may be, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank, including appropriate protection against
set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 6 to this Agreement in the case of PCBs, and of the
Schedule to the Project Agreement in the case of TSKB and SYKB.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
Page  4
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time  to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
           (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
            "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
      amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
      time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of Quali-
      fied Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
      Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of
      the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
      Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
      outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated
      at the rates applicable during such Interest Period."
            "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
      Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Quarter."
            "(c)  (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
      commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
      calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to this
Page  5
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, shall:
            (i)   carry out Part A of the Project, to the extent
                  related to Sub-loans to be made by PCBs, through
                  PCBs, under administration arrangements satisfac-
                  tory to the Bank, which shall include those set
                  forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
           (ii)   carry out Part B of the Project through PFIs with
                  due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
                  with appropriate administrative, financial and
                  training practices, causing PFIs to provide,
                  promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, ser-
                  vices and other resources required for Part B of
                  the Project; and
          (iii)   cause TSKB and SYKB to perform in accordance with
                  the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
                  obligations of TSKB and SYKB therein set forth,
                  shall take or cause to be taken all action neces-
                  sary or appropriate to enable TSKB and SYKB to
                  perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                  permit to be taken any action which would prevent
                  or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part A of the
Project, relend out of the proceeds of the Loan:
            (i)   to PCBs, an aggregate amount equivalent to $110,-
                  000,000, to be utilized by PCBs on a first-come
                  first-serve basis, under subsidiary loan agree-
                  ments to be entered into between the Borrower and
                  PCBs, under terms and conditions satisfactory to
                  the Bank, which shall include the terms and
                  conditions set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agree-
                  ment;
           (ii)   to TSKB, an amount equivalent to $50,000,000,
                  under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
                  into between the Borrower and TSKB, under terms
                  and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, which
                  shall include the terms and conditions set forth
                  in Schedule 3 to this Agreement; and
          (iii)   to SYKB, an amount equivalent to $40,000,000,
                  under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
                  into between the Borrower and SYKB, under terms
                  and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, which
                  shall include the terms and conditions set forth
                  in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish the
purposes of the Loan, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provisions thereof.
      Section 3.02. The Borrower undertakes that, unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, PCBs will make Sub-loans in accordance with
the procedures and on terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. The Borrower shall cause PCBs to maintain with
respect to PCBs' activities under Part A of the Project procedures
and records adequate to monitor and record the progress of the
Project and of each Investment Project (including its cost and the
Page  6
benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices their resources
and operations with respect to the Project.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   cause the records referred to in Section 4.01 of this
Agreement, and records and accounts for the PCBs Special Account for
each fiscal year audited, in accordance with sound auditing
principles consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
to the Bank;
      (b)   furnish to the Bank, as soon as available, but in any
case not later than five (5) months after the end of each such year
the report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
detail as the Bank shall have reasonably requested, including a
separate opinion by said auditors as to whether or not PCBs have
complied with the prudential regulations and maintained the ratios
referred to in paragraph A.1 (c), (d) and (e) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement; and
      (c)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
said records and accounts and the audit thereof as the Bank shall
from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   TSKB or SYKB shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that TSKB or SYKB will be able to
perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of TSKB or SYKB or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to the
Borrower; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (c) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addi-
tional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions, namely,
that the Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and TSKB or SYKB and one PCB.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by TSKB and SYKB, and is legally binding upon TSKB and SYKB
Page  7
in accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreements referred to in
Section 6.01 of this Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified
by the Borrower and TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, and the PCB
concerned and are legally binding upon the Borrower and TSKB or
SYKB, as the case may be, and such PCB in accordance with their
terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Undersecretary of the Treasury and Foreign
Trade of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Basbakanlik
            Hazine Ve Dis Ticaret
            Mustesarligi
            Bakanliklar - Ankara
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MALIYE HAZINE             821-42285 (MLYE-TR) or
                                            821-42689 (ANK-TR)
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF TURKEY
                  By /s/ F. Selekler
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  8
                  By /s/ M. H. Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to assist the Borrower
in its efforts to increase the capacity to produce tradeable goods
and services through activities in which the Borrower is economical-
ly efficient, especially export-oriented activities, but excluding
agriculture; and to that end, (b) to provide financing through PFIs
for financially and economically viable private investments in such
activities; (c) to continue to assist TSKB and SYKB in their efforts
to diversify their business and resources; and (d) to ensure PCBs'
continued operation as financially sound and efficient institutions.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Investment Projects
      Financing of specific development projects through Sub-loans
to private enterprises.
Part B:     Technical Assistance and Training
      Provision of technical advisory services, training and
equipment to assist PFIs in improving their project appraisal and
supervision capabilities.
                        *     *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                       Amortization Schedule
                                             Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                           (Expressed in dollars)*
On each April 15 and October 15
      beginning October 15, 1996
      through   October 15, 2007                   8,335,000
On April 15, 2008                                  8,295,000
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                        Premium
                                          The interest rate (ex-
                                          pressed as a percentage
                                          per annum) applicable to
                                          the Loan on the day of
                                          prepayment multiplied
                                          by:
Page  9
Not more than three years                       0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                       0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                         0.65
      not more than eleven years
      before maturity
More than eleven years but not                  0.88
      more than fifteen years
      before maturity
More than fifteen years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 3
                Terms and Conditions for Relending
                 of Loan Proceeds to PFIs referred
             to in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement
      Except as the Borrower and the Bank shall otherwise agree:
      (a)   each PCB shall pay a front-end fee of 3/4% (three-
fourths of one percent) of the amount of each Sub-loan made by the
PCB;
      (b)   TSKB and SYKB shall each pay a commitment fee on the
unwithdrawn amounts of the proceeds of the Loan relent to it at the
rate specified in Section 2.04 of this Agreement;
      (c)   each PFI shall pay interest on the amount of the Loan
withdrawn by it and outstanding at a floating annual rate adjusted
every three months so as to be equal to the prevailing lending rate
for loans made by the Bank plus an onlending fee at an effective
rate of 7/20% (seven-twentieths of one percent) per annum;
      (d)   each PFI shall repay the proceeds of the Loan relent to
it over a period of seventeen years including a grace period of
5 years, the principal amount to be repaid being the sum of with-
drawals made by the PFI, with each withdrawal valued by the Bank in
the currency or currencies of such withdrawal as of the date of such
withdrawal; and
      (e)   the right of each PFI to present new Sub-loan applica-
tions or requests to the Bank for approval or authorization of
withdrawals from the Loan Account under Part A of the Project shall
be liable to be: (i) suspended, upon failure by the PFI, in the case
of TSKB or SYKB, to: (aa) obtain the prior concurrence of the Bank
to an amendment of the PFI's strategy and policy statements; or (bb)
meet the loan loss provisioning and loan concentration standards
specified pursuant to the Banking Law, to the extent applicable to
the PFI, or other such standards satisfactory to the Bank; or (cc)
perform the PFI's obligations under Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.05, 3.06
and 3.08 of the Project Agreement; or upon failure by the PFI, in
the case of a PCB, to: (dd) obtain the prior concurrence of the Bank
to an amendment of the PFI's strategy and policy statements; or (ee)
comply with the prudential regulations on loan loss provisioning,
loan concentration and capital adequacy in accordance with the
Banking Law; or (ff) achieve in any year the return on equity ratio
referred to in paragraph A.1 (d) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; or
(gg) maintain in any year the minimum collection ratio referred to
in paragraph A.1 (e) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement, such suspen-
sion to continue until the PFI shall have taken remedial action
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank; and (ii) cancelled, if
said suspension continues for a period of 180 days after notice
thereof shall have been served by the Borrower on the PFI.
                           SCHEDULE 4
Page  10
          Administration of Credit Component carried out,
          and Procedures for and Terms and Conditions of
        Sub-loans made, by PCBs under Part A of the Project
A.    Administration of Credit Component
1.    Sub-loans shall be provided only through PCBs which shall
have:
      (a)   adopted satisfactory policy and strategy statements
approved by their respective boards of directors;
      (b)   prepared an unqualified financial statement audited by
external auditors satisfactory to the Bank;
      (c)   complied with the prudential regulations on loan loss
provisioning, loan concentration and capital adequacy in accordance
with the Banking Law;
      (d)   achieved a positive real return on equity in each year,
defined as the ratio of net profits after tax at the end of the year
to total equity at the beginning of the year less the change in WPI
for the same year;
      (e)   maintained, during each fiscal year, a minimum
collection ratio of 85% of all amounts of receivables for such year
with original maturity of more than one year, but excluding amounts
which are the subject of pending legal action or write-offs; and
      (f)   the capacity to appraise and supervise Investment
Projects, or, alternatively, the willingness to contract adequate
technical services to assist in the appraisal and supervision of
Investment Projects proposed for financing under Part A of the
Project.
2.    Except as the Borrower and the Bank shall otherwise agree,
each PCB shall be entitled to provide Sub-loans in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the lesser of the equivalent of $30,000,000 or
100% of the net worth of the PCB concerned which shall mean, for
this purpose, the unimpaired paid-in capital of such PCB plus its
accumulated reserves.
3.    PCBs shall be required to apply in the provision and
administration of Sub-loans the rules and procedures set forth in
the Loan Agreement.
4.    Applications and requests for withdrawal of the proceeds of
the Loan on account of Sub-loans shall be prepared by PCBs and
presented directly to the Bank.
B.    Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans shall be
provided only to Investment Enterprises in the private sector of the
Borrower, which shall be defined for the purpose to mean any
enterprise the majority share capital of which is not held,
individually or collectively, by the Borrower, including its
political or administrative divisions, or by economic enterprises
the majority share capital of which is held by the Borrower.
2.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree: (a) no Sub-loan
shall be provided in an amount less than $500,000 equivalent nor
more than $8,000,000 equivalent; (b) no Sub-loan shall be provided
by a PCB to an Investment Enterprise if, after the provision of such
Sub-loan, (i) the aggregate amount provided by such PCB out of the
proceeds of the Loan to such Investment Enterprise shall exceed 10%
of the net worth of such PCB, or (ii) the aggregate amount provided
by such PCB out of the proceeds of the Loan to such Investment
Enterprise and other Investment Enterprises, each of which has a
shareholding of 25% or more in such Investment Enterprise, shall
exceed 50% of the net worth of such PCB, the net worth of a PCB, for
this purpose, being the unimpaired paid-in capital of such PCB plus
Page  11
its surplus and free reserves (including the revaluation fund, if
any) and subordinated loans to it; and (c) no Sub-loan shall be
provided for the financing of a single Investment Project if, after
the provision of such Sub-loan, the aggregate amount provided from
the proceeds of the Loan for the financing of such Investment
Project shall exceed the equivalent of $20,000,000.
3.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
require each PCB with respect to each Sub-loan to: (a) denominate
the Sub-loan in one or more foreign currencies chosen by the
borrowing Investment Enterprise from among the five major curren-
cies, namely, the Deutsche Mark, the Swiss Franc, the Pound
Sterling, the United States Dollar and the Japanese Yen; (b) charge
interest on the principal amount of the Sub-loan withdrawn and
outstanding at a floating annual rate adjusted every six months so
as to be equal to the prevailing 6-month LIBOR plus a spread to be
fixed by agreement between the PCB concerned and the borrowing
Investment Enterprise; and (c) allow prepayment by the borrowing
Investment Enterprise without penalty after the third year of the
Sub-loan.
4.    In addition to the charges referred to in paragraph 3 above,
the Borrower shall require PCBs to charge on each Sub-loan a fee
representing 3/4% of the principal amount of the Sub-loan, to be
collected at the time of signing the contract therefor. The amounts
collected on account of such fees shall be immediately transferred
by PCBs to the Borrower.
C.    Procedures for Sub-loans
1.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, no expenditures for
goods or services required for an Investment Project shall be
eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless:
      (a)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been made not
earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date on
which the Bank shall have received the application and information
required under paragraph 2 (a) below in respect of such Sub-loan; or
      (b)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has authorized withdrawals
from the Loan Account and such expenditures shall have been made not
earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date on
which the Bank shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 2 (b) below in respect of such free-limit
Sub-loan. For the purposes of this Schedule, a free-limit Sub-loan
shall be a Sub-Loan made by a PCB for an Investment Project in an
amount to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, which shall
not exceed a certain sum, to be determined by the Bank for such PCB
upon its achieving standards of appraisal and supervision of
Invesment Projects satisfactory to the Bank, when added to any other
outstanding amounts financed or proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan or of any other loan, provided for in any
outstanding loan agreement between the Borrower and the Bank or
between the Bank and such PCB entered into before the date of this
Agreement, the proceeds of which have been or are being used for
financing goods and services directly and materially related to such
Investment Project.
2.    (a)   When presenting a Sub-loan to the Bank for approval, a
PCB shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory
to the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the Investment
Enterprise and an appraisal of the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the
Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan;
(iii) whenever relevant, a statement as to the environmental impact
of the Investment Project, and when necessary, the remedial action
to be taken in this respect; and (iv) such other information as the
Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by a PCB for authorization to make
Page  12
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a free-limit Sub-
loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the Investment
Enterprise and the Investment Project, including a description of
the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan; (ii) the terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including the
schedule of amortization therefor; and (iii) whenever relevant, a
statement as to the environmental impact of the Investment Project
and, when necessary, the remedial action proposed to be taken in
this respect.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before December 31, 1994.
3.    PCBs shall make the Sub-loans on terms whereby PCBs shall
obtain, by written contract with the Investment Enterprise or by
other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Bank, the Borrower and PCBs, including the right
to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be purchased at a reasonable
price, account being taken also of other relevant factors such as
time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor,
and, in the case of services, of their quality and the competence of
the parties rendering them; (ii) the procurement of goods or works
under contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of more than
$5,000,000 each shall be undertaken under international competitive
bidding (ICB) procedures satisfactory to the Bank, except in the
case of equipment and machinery which is standardized or proprietary
in nature and is needed for modernization and expansion of plant, or
for which there are a limited number of suppliers, or for which
owing to technical reasons a different method of procurement is more
appropriate; (iii) the procurement of goods or works under contracts
estimated to cost the equivalent of up to $5,000,000 each shall be
undertaken under limited international bidding (LIB) or internation-
al shopping (IS) procedures satisfactory to the Bank; (iv) records
shall be kept in satisfactory form of the methods of procurement
used, the summaries of quotations received and awards made in
procuring goods and services to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan; and (v) such goods and services shall be used exclusively
in the carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank if the Bank shall so request, such goods and the sites,
works, plants and construction included in the Investment Project,
the operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   require, as a condition for providing the Sub-loan,
that: (i) the Investment Project shall have an economic rate of
return and a financial rate of return, each of not less than 15%,
measured after adjustment for inflation in accordance with WPI,
throughout the useful life of the Investment Project; and (ii) the
Investment Enterprise, if it is export-oriented, shall have a
maximum debt/equity ratio of 50:50 and a minimum debt service
coverage ratio of 1.5:1, and, if it is not export-oriented, shall
Page  13
have a maximum debt/equity ratio of 40:60 and a minimum debt service
coverage ratio of 2:1;
      (f)   obtain all such information as the Borrower, the Bank or
the PCB concerned shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing
and to the administration, operations and financial condition of the
Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived from the
Investment Project; and
      (g)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with the PCB concerned.
                           SCHEDULE 5
             Procedures for, and Terms and Conditions
                of, Sub-Loans made by TSKB and SYKB
A.    Terms and Conditions
1.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans shall be
provided only to Investment Enterprises the majority share capital
of each is not held, individually or collectively, by the Borrower,
including its political or administrative divisions, or by economic
enterprises the majority of shares of which is held by the Borrower.
2.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree: (a) no Sub-loan
shall be provided in an amount less than $500,000 equivalent nor
more than $8,000,000 equivalent; and (b) neither TSKB nor SYKB shall
provide a Sub-loan or Sub-loans for an Investment Project which when
added to any other Sub-loan or Sub-loans provided by itself or by
any other PFI for the same Investment Project would exceed in the
aggregate the equivalent of $20,000,000.
3.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, each Sub-loan
provided by TSKB or SYKB shall: (a) be denominated in one or more
foreign currencies chosen by the borrowing Investment Enterprise
from among the five major currencies, namely, the Deutsche Mark, the
Swiss Franc, the Pound Sterling, the United States Dollar and the
Japanese Yen; (b) carry interest on the principal amount of the Sub-
loan withdrawn and outstanding at a floating annual rate which shall
be adjusted very six months so as to be equal to the prevailing 6-
month LIBOR plus a spread to be fixed by agreement between TSKB or
SYKB, as the case may be, and the borrowing Investment Enterprise;
(c) be subject to payment of a commitment fee on the unwithdrawn
amount of the Sub-loan at the rate specified in Section 2.04 of this
Agreement; and (d) be subject to prepayment by the borrowing
Investment Enterprise without penalty after the third year of the
Sub-loan.
B.    Procedures
4.    No expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan unless:
      (a)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
approved by the Bank and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than one hundred
eighty (180) days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the application and information required under paragraph 5
(a) of this Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan; or
      (b)   the Sub-loan for such Investment Project shall have been
a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has authorized withdrawals
from the Loan Account and such expenditures shall have been made not
earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date on
which the Bank shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 5 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such
free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of this Schedule, a free-limit
Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan for an Investment Project in an amount
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan which shall not
Page  14
exceed the sum of $6,000,000 equivalent, in the case of a Sub-loan
made by TSKB, or $3,000,000 equivalent, in the case of a Sub-loan
made by SYKB, when added to any other outstanding amounts financed
or proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan or of any
other loan, provided for in any outstanding loan agreement between
the Borrower and the Bank or between the Bank and TSKB or SYKB, as
the case maybe, entered into before the date of this Agreement, the
proceeds of which have been or are being used for financing goods
and services directly and materially related to such Investment
Project.
5.    (a)   When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a free-limit Sub-
loan) to the Bank for approval, TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be,
shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory to
the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the Investment
Enterprise and an appraisal of the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the
Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan;
(iii) whenever relevant, a statement as to the environmental impact
of the Investment Project and, when necessary, the remedial action
to be taken in this respect; and (iv) such other information as the
Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, for
authorization to make withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect
of a free-limit Sub-loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of
the Investment Enterprise and the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of theproceeds of the 
Loan; (ii) the terms and conditions of the Sub-loan,
including the schedule of amortization therefor; and (iii) whenever
relevant, a statement as to the environmental impact of the
Investment Project and, when necessary, the remedial action to be
taken in this respect.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before December 31, 1994.
6.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby TSKB or SYKB, as the
case may be, shall obtain, by written contract with the Investment
Enterprise or by other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to
protect the interests of the Bank and TSKB or SYKB, as the case may
be, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be purchased at a reasonable
price, account being taken also of other relevant factors such as
time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor,
and, in the case of services, of their quality and the competence of
the parties rendering them; (ii) the procurement of goods or works
under contracts estimated to cost the equivalent of more than
$5,000,000 each shall be undertaken under international competitive
bidding (ICB) procedures satisfactory to the Bank, except in the
case of equipment and machinery which is standardized or proprietary
in nature and is needed for modernization and expansion of plant, or
for which there are a limited number of suppliers, or for which
owing to technical reasons a different method of procurement is more
appropriate; (iii) the procurement of goods or works under contracts
estimated to cost the equivalent of up to $5,000,000 each shall be
undertaken under limited international bidding (LIB) or internation-
al shopping (IS) procedures satisfactory to the Bank; (iv) records
shall be kept in satisfactory form of the methods of procurement
used, the summaries of quotations received and awards made in
procuring goods and services to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan; and (v) such goods and services shall be used exclusively
Page  15
in the carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, and the Bank if TSKB or SYKB and
the Bank shall so request, such goods and the sites, works, plants
and construction included in the Investment Project, the operation
thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   require, as a condition for providing the Sub-loan,
that: (i) the Investment Project shall have an economic rate of
return and a financial rate of return, each of not less than 15%,
measured after adjustment for inflation in accordance with WPI,
throughout the useful life of the Investment Project; and (ii) the
Investment Enterprise, if it is export-oriented, shall have a
maximum debt/equity ratio of 50:50 and a minimum debt service
coverage ratio of 1.5:1, and, if it is not export-oriented, shall
have a maximum debt/equity ratio of 40:60 and a minimum debt service
coverage ratio of 2:1;
      (f)   obtain all such information as the Bank and TSKB or
SYKB, as the case may be, shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and financial
condition of the Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be
derived from the Investment Project; and
      (g)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be.
                           SCHEDULE 6
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Investment Projects and to be financed by PCBs out of the proceeds
of the Loan in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 (a) of
this Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $15,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
Page  16
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                  deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                  vals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to para-
                  graph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,  withdraw
                  from the Loan Account and deposit into the Spe-
                  cial Account such amount as the Borrower shall
                  have requested and as shall have been shown by
                  said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the Investment Projects to be financed by PCBs, less the amount
of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the Bank
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
such Investment Projects shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to such Investment Projects
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
Page  17
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 7
                Modifications of General Conditions
      For the purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
      (1)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (2)   The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make with-
drawals with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice,
such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of
Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
                  "or (f) by the date specified in sub-paragraph (c)
            of paragraph C.2 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement,
            the Bank shall, in respect of any portion of the Loan:
            (i) have received no applications or requests under sub-
            paragraphs (a) and (b) of said paragraph; or (ii) have
            denied any such applications or requests, or (g) by the
            date specified in sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph B.5 of
            Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement, the Bank shall, in
            respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no
            applications or requests under sub-paragraphs (a) and
            (b) of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such
            applications or requests, the Bank may, by notice to the
            Borrower and the Guarantor, terminate the right of the
            Borrower to submit such applications or requests or to
            make withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the case may
            be, with respect to such amount or portion of the Loan.
            Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or portion
            of the Loan shall be cancelled."
