Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3346 TU
                (Private Investment Credit Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  TURKIYE SINAI KALKINMA BANKASI
                                and
                  SINAI YATIRIM VE KREDI BANKASI
                        Dated June 28, 1991
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3346 TU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 28, 1991, among INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and TURKIYE SINAI KALKINMA
BANKASI (TSKB) and SINAI YATIRIM VE KREDI BANKASI (SYKB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Turkey (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that TSKB and SYKB agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by subsidiary loan agreements to be entered into between
the Borrower and TSKB and SYKB, a portion of the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to
TSKB and SYKB on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreements; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS TSKB and SYKB, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of Part A of the Project
            Management and Operations of TSKB and SYKB
      Section 2.01. (a) TSKB and SYKB declare their commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out their activities under
Part A of the Project and conduct their operations and affairs, in
accordance with sound financial standards and practices, with
qualified and experienced management and in accordance with their
Charters and Statements of Policy and Corporate Strategy.
      (b)   TSKB and SYKB shall each, for the purposes of Sub-loans
to be made by them under Part A of the Project, open and maintain in
dollars a special deposit account in a commercial bank or in TSKB or
SYKB itself, as the case may be, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank, including appropriate protection against
set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of,
such Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) TSKB and SYKB undertake that, unless the
Bank shall otherwise agree, their Sub-loans will be made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      (b)   TSKB and SYKB shall exercise their rights in relation to
each Investment Project financed by them in such manner as to: (i)
protect the interests of the Bank and TSKB and SYKB; (ii) comply
with their obligations under this Agreement and the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements; and (iii) achieve the purposes of Part A of the Project.
      Section 2.03. TSKB and SYKB shall duly perform all their
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, TSKB and SYKB shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of assigning, amending, abrogat-
ing or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provisions
thereof.
      Section 2.04. (a) TSKB and SYKB shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of
their activities under Part A of the Project, the performance of
their obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   TSKB and SYKB shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of their activities under Part A of the Project, or the
performance by TSKB and SYKB of their obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
      Section 2.05. TSKB and SYKB shall furnish to the Borrower and
the Bank quarterly reports, prepared on the basis of a format
satisfactory to the Bank, on the status of TSKB's and SYKB's
operation and finance, including a projection of their financial
Page  3
situation, a description of their operational targets and efforts to
diversify their operations and resources, and an assessment of their
progress in utilizing the proceeds of the Loan.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. TSKB and SYKB shall maintain procedures and
records adequate to monitor and record the progress of their
activities under Part A of the Project and of each Investment
Project financed by them (including the costs and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of TSKB and SYKB.
      Section 3.02. TSKB and SYKB shall:
            (i)   have the records referred to in Section 3.01 of
                  this Agreement, their accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) and records
                  and accounts for their Special Accounts for each
                  fiscal year audited in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than five (5) months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  said financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested, including a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
                  or not TSKB and SYKB have met the loan loss
                  provisioning and loan concentration standards
                  specified pursuant to the Banking Law, to the
                  extent applicable to TSKB and SYKB, or other such
                  standards satisfactory to the Bank, and
                  maintained the debt equity, debt service coverage
                  and collection ratios referred to in Sections
                  3.05, 3.06 and 3.08, respectively, of this
                  Agreement; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.03. TSKB and SYKB shall take such steps satisfactory
to the Bank as shall be necessary to protect themselves against risk
of loss resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the
currencies used in their operations.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TSKB
and SYKB shall: (i) conduct their operations and affairs in such
manner as shall be necessary to maintain, at all times, their
debt/equity ratios and debt service coverage ratios within the
limits referred to in Sections 3.05 and 3.06 of this Agreement,
respectively; and (ii) if any such ratios shall, for reasons beyond
TSKB's and SYKB's control, be exceeded, promptly take all such
reasonable action as shall be necessary or advisable to bring such
ratios within such limits.
      Section 3.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
TSKB and SYKB shall not incur or permit any Subsidiary to incur any
debt, if after the incurring of such debt, the consolidated debt of
TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, and all its Subsidiaries then
incurred and outstanding would exceed ten times the consolidated
capital and surplus of TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, and all its
Subsidiaries.
Page  4
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any debt incurred by TSKB
                  or SYKB, as the case may be, or any Subsidiary
                  maturing more than one year after the date on
                  which it is originally incurred, including debt
                  assumed or guaranteed by TSKB or SYKB, as the
                  case may be, or by a Subsidiary;
    (ii)    debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a loan
            contract or agreement or other instrument providing for
            such debt or for the modification of its terms of
            payment, on the date, and to the extent, the amount of
            such debt has become out- standing pursuant to such
            contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
            guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement providing
            for such guarantee has been entered into but only to the
            extent that the guaranteed debt is outstanding;
    (iii)   the term "consolidated debt of TSKB or SYKB, as the case
            may be, and all its Subsidiaries" means the total amount
            of debt of TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, and all its
            Subsidiaries, including any debt owed by TSKB or SYKB,
            as the case may be, to its shareholders, but excluding
            any debt owed by TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, to
            any Subsidiary or by any Subsidiary to TSKB or SYKB, as
            the case may be, or to any other Subsidiary;
           (iv)   the term "consolidated capital and surplus of
                  TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, and all its
                  Subsi- diaries" means the aggregate of the
                  total unimpaired paid-up capital, surplus and
                  free reserves (including the revaluation fund, if
                  any) of and subordinated loans to TSKB or SYKB,
                  as the case may be, and all its Subsidiaries
                  after excluding therefrom such amounts as shall
                  represent equity interests of TSKB or SYKB, as
                  the case may be, in any Subsidiary, or any such
                  Subsidiary in TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be,
                  or in any other Subsidiary. For the purposes of
                  this definition, such term shall include the
                  amounts provided by the Borrower to TSKB or SYKB,
                  as the case may be, under the Quasi-Equity Loan
                  Agreements;
            (v)   the term "subordinated loan" means any debt to
                  mature after the maturity of any debt outstanding
                  from time to time from creditors other than
                  shareholers of TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be,
                  and its  Subsidiaries, such debt to be repaid in
                  accordance with its terms only after claims from
                  such creditors have been satisfied;
           (vi)   whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value in terms of Turkish
                  Lira debt payable in another currency, such
                  valuation shall be made on the basis of the
                  prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which such
                  other currency is, at the time of such valuation,
                  obtainable for the purposes of servicing such
                  debt, or, in the absence of such rate, on the
                  basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the
                  Bank; and
         (vii)    amounts payable to TSKB or SYKB, as the case may
                  be, under any foreign exchange risk coverage
                  scheme of the Borrower or under currency swap
                  arrangements shall be deducted in calculating the
                  amount of TSKB's or SYKB's debt, as the case may
                  be.
Page  5
      Section 3.06. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
TSKB and SYKB shall ensure that the net income of TSKB or SYKB, as
the case may be, for each fiscal year, when added to provision for
losses and loan collection and interest and other charges on debt,
adjusted for income taxes, for such year, shall be at least 1.10
times the maximum debt service requirements of TSKB or SYKB, as the
case may be, for such year on all debt of TSKB or SYKB, as the case
may be.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of TSKB or
                  SYKB, as the case may be, maturing by its terms
                  more than one year after the date on which it is
                  originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
          (iii)   The term "net income" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the income of TSKB or SYKB, as the case may
                        be, from all sources; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses of TSKB or SYKB, as
                        the case may be, including those relating
                        to administration, income taxes and
                        payments in lieu of income taxes, provision
                        for losses and loan collection and interest
                        and other charges on debt.
           (iv)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments of, and interest
                  and other charges, adjusted for income taxes, on,
                  debt of TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be.
            (v)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.07. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TSKB
and SYKB shall not make any repayment in advance of maturity in
respect of any of their debt which, in the judgment of the Bank,
would materially affect TSKB's and SYKB's ability to meet their
financial obligations.
      Section 3.08. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TSKB
and SYKB shall each at all times maintain a collection ratio of not
less than 85%. Such ratio shall be calculated as a percentage of all
amounts recoverable during a given fiscal year except amounts which
are the subject of pending legal action or write-offs.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
Page  6
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of TSKB and SYKB thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and
the Bank shall promptly notify TSKB and SYKB thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement among the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For TSKB:
            Turkiye Sinai Kalkinma Bankasi
            P.O. Box 17 Karakoy 8002
            Istanbul, Turkey
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  KALKINMABANK               24344 TSKB TR
                  Istanbul
      For SYKB:
            Sinai Yatirim Ve Kredi Bankasi
            Barbaros Bulvari, Akdogan Sokak 41-43
            Besiktas, Istanbul, 80690
            Turkey
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  YATIRIMBANK                26263 SYKB TR
                  Istanbul
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of TSKB or SYKB, may be taken or executed by its
General Manager or such other person or persons as he shall
designate in writing, and he shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
Page  7
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ M. H. Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                  TURKIYE SINAI KALKINMA BANKASI
                  SINAI YATIRIM VE KREDI BANKASI
                  By /s/ F. Selekler
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Investment Projects and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 (a) of the
Loan Agreement, provided, however, that notwithstanding the
provisions of paragraph 4 (b) of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement,
payments for expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of
free-limit Sub-loans may be made out of a Special Account before the
Bank shall have authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account in
respect thereof. Such expenditures, however, shall qualify as
eligible expenditures only if the Bank shall subsequently authorize
such withdrawals; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in respect of
TSKB, an amount equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the TSKB Special Account; and in
respect of SYKB, an amount equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn
from the Loan Account and deposited into the SYKB Special Account,
all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the relevant
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish such
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, TSKB or
SYKB, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Bank a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or
requests, the Bank shall, on behalf of TSKB or SYKB, as the case may
be, withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit in the Special
Page  8
Account such amount or amounts as TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be,
shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, TSKB or
                  SYKB, as the case may be, shall furnish to the
                  Bank requests for deposits into the Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Bank shall
                  specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                  TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, shall furnish
                  to the Bank the documents and other evidence
                  required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule
                  for the payment or payments in respect of which
                  replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                  such request, the Bank shall, on behalf of TSKB
                  or SYKB, as the case may be, withdraw from the
                  Loan Account and deposit into the Special Account
                  such amount as TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be,
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be,
out of a Special Account, TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, shall,
at such time as the Bank shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Bank such documents and other evidence showing that such payment was
made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by TSKB or SYKB, as the case may
be, directly from the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions
of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
2.02 of the Loan Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the Investment Projects for which TSKB or SYKB, as the case may
be, is responsible less the amount of any outstanding special
commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to such Investment Projects, shall
equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the relevant Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to such Investment Projects
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Bank shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in such Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or
in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule;
or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the Bank,
TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from
the Bank: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may
request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank
shall so request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount
of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified.
Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Bank into the Special Account shall be made until TSKB or SYKB, as
Page  9
the case may be, has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, TSKB or SYKB, as
the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund
to the Bank such outstanding amount.
      (c)   TSKB or SYKB, as the case may be, may, upon notice to
the Bank, refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in a Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Loan Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
