Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3632 IN
                        Guarantee Agreement
                  (NTPC Power Generation Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 9, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3632 IN
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 9, 1993, between INDIA, acting by
its President (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUC-
TION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and National Thermal Power Corpora-
tion Limited (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to four hundred million
dollars ($400,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into an agreement
satisfactory to the Bank with the Borrower for the payment by the
Borrower of a guarantee fee of one percent (1%) per annum to the
Guarantor on the principal amounts of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 3.02. The legal mortgage in English form referred to
in Section 5.05 (f) of the Loan Agreement shall be free from any
taxes (including stamp duty and fees) that shall be levied under the
laws of the Guarantor or laws in effect in its territories or in its
political or administrative sub-divisions on or in connection with
the execution, issue, delivery or registration thereof.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall settle the outstandings owed
by the SEBs to the Borrower through the appropriations from the
Guarantor to the respective States of each such SEB in accordance
with the schedule furnished to the Bank.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall take all such steps as shall
be necessary to ensure adequate supplies of fuel for the efficient
operation of the power plants to be financed under the Project by
the time the first generating unit for each such plant shall have
been commissioned.
                          ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary and Under Secretary of the
Page  3
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                   New Delhi
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INDIA
                         By /s/ N. Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                             RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
