Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2157 GH
                        (Urban II Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                     HOME FINANCE COMPANY LTD.
                      Dated December 21, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2157 GH
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and HOME FINANCE COMPANY
(HFC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Ghana (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifty-three
million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 53,700,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that HFC agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a financing agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and HFC, part of the proceeds of the Credit provided for
under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to HFC
on the terms and conditions set forth in said Financing  Agreement;
Page  2
and
      WHEREAS HFC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) HFC declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency, in conformity with appro-
priate administrative, financial, engineering and housing practices
and in accordance with the Housing Policy Statement, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Part C of the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and HFC shall other-
wise agree, HFC shall carry out Part C of the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) For the purposes of carrying out Part C.2 of
the Project, HFC shall provide to OSIs the equivalent of the Credit
allocated to Part C.2 of the Project under Participation Agreements
to be entered into between HFC and each OSI, under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association and
which shall include those set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (b)   HFC undertakes that Sub-loans will be made in accordance
with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   HFC shall exercise its rights in relation to each Parti-
cipation Agreement in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests
of the Association and of the HFC; (ii) comply with its obligations
under this Agreement and the Financing Agreement; and (iii) achieve
the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part
C.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. HFC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Part C
of the Project.
      Section 2.05. HFC shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Financing Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, HFC shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Financ-
ing Agreement or any provision thereof.
Page  3
      Section 2.06. (a) HFC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part C of the Project, the performance of its obliga-
tions under this Agreement and under the Financing Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   HFC shall promptly inform the Association of any condi-
tion which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Part C of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by HFC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Financing Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of HFC
      Section 3.01. HFC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with the Housing Policy Statement and
sound administrative, financial and housing practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. HFC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) HFC shall maintain records and accounts ade-
quate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition.
      (b)   HFC shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appro-priate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of HFC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
Page  4
the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                   ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date thirty-five years after the date of
                   this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify HFC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      For HFC:
            Home Finance Company Limited
            Swanmill, Kwame Nkrumah Av.
            P.O. Box 401
            Accra, Ghana
                                     Telex:
                                        2191 MERBAN GH
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of HFC may be taken or executed by General
Manager or such other person or persons as General Manager shall
designate in writing, and HFC shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several coun-
terparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collectively
but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
Page  5
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                         HOME FINANCE COMPANY
                         By /s/ Joseph L. S. Abbey
                                         Authorized Representative
                           SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     Procurement Procedures
      Goods may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three sup-
pliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    (a)   With respect to each contract, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of any Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of the evi-
dence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
      (b)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (a) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist HFC in carrying out Part C of the Project,
HFC shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    HFC shall carry out Part C of the Project under the overall
policy guidance of HFIC and in accordance with the Housing Policy
Statement. HFIC and the Association shall annually exchange views on
HFC's performance based on HFC's quarterly progress reports.
Page  6
2.    In carrying out Part C.2 of the Project, HFC shall follow its
operational guidelines furnished to the Association pursuant to
Section 6.01 (c) of the Development Credit Agreement and shall apply
the criteria, procedures, terms and conditions set forth or referred
to in this Schedule.
3.    Sub-loans under Part C.2 of the Project shall be made by OSIs
which have been designated as such by HFC and which have entered
into a Participation Agreement with HFC.
4.    Each Participation Agreement shall contain provisions pursuant
to which each OSI shall continue to:
      (a)   be duly established and operating under the laws of the
Borrower;
      (b)   maintain a sound financial structure, a healthy port-
folio, and the organization, management, staff and other resources
required for the efficient carrying out of its activities;
      (c)   conduct its operations and affairs including interest
rate policies in accordance with sound financial principles and
practices;
      (d)   maintain a lending and investment policy acceptable to
the Association and HFC, and suitable procedures and an adequate
number of suitably qualified staff to enable it effectively to:
            (i)    appraise the proposed housing construction and
                   to make Sub-loans to Beneficiaries in accordance
                   with said lending and investment policy and on
                   the basis of the criteria, procedures and prin-
                   cipal terms and conditions set forth in this
                   Schedule to this Agreement; and
           (ii)    supervise, monitor and report on the carrying
                   out by Beneficiaries of the housing
                   construction.
5.    Each Participation Agreement shall also contain provisions
requiring each OSI to:
      (a)   exercise its rights in respect of Sub-loans, in such a
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower, the Association
and HFC and to comply with its obligations under its Participation
Agreement in order to achieve the purposes of Part C.2 of the
Project;
      (b)   undertake not to assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of
its agreements providing for Sub-loans or any provision thereof
without the approval of HFC;
      (c)   (i)    maintain records and accounts adequate to
                   monitor and record the operations, resources,
                   expendi-tures and progress with respect to each
                   Sub-loan and withdrawals from the Sub-accounts
                   and to reflect in accordance with consistently
                   main-tained sound accounting practices its
                   operations and financial conditions relating
                   thereto;
            (ii)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) including Sub-
                   accounts for each fiscal year audited, in
                   accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                   consistently applied by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Association;
          (iii)    furnish to HFC as soon as available, but in any
                   case not later than six months after the end of
Page  7
                   each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   statutory financial statements and accounts for
                   such year as so audited; and (B) with respect to
                   the Project, supplementary audited statements by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail,
                   including the status of Sub-accounts and com-
                   pliance by OSIs with eligibility criteria, as
                   HFC or the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested;
           (iv)    within six weeks of the end of the first and the
                   second six months of the calendar year, furnish
                   to HFC Semi-Annual Progress Reports on its lend-
                   ing operations under Part C.2 of the Project;
                   and
            (v)    furnish to HFC monthly reports on the operation
                   of the Sub-accounts.
6.    Sub-loans under Part C.2 shall be made only to a Beneficiary:
      (a)   which is determined to be creditworthy;
      (b)   which is a contributor to the Social Security and
National Insurance Trust or other recognized pension scheme;
      (c)   which owns no dwelling other than the dwelling to be
financed under the Sub-loan;
      (d)   which intends to utilize this dwelling as its principal
residency; and
      (e)   which has made at least a 20% down payment of the price
of the house from its own resources.
7.    Sub-loans under Part C.2 shall be made only if the housing
unit:
      (a)   meets the housing standards set forth in the Housing
Policy Statement and is in compliance with EPC's environmental
standards, if applicable; and
      (b)   has been constructed by an individual or a developer on
the basis of a conditional commitment by OSI to a Beneficiary to
provide a Sub-loan upon completion of the construction.
8.    Sub-loans under Part C.2 of the Project shall be made on the
following principal terms and conditions:
      (a)   The Sub-loans shall have a maturity not exceeding 30
years.
      (b)   The outstanding principal of the Sub-loans shall be
adjusted monthly on the basis of changes in the Consumer Price Index
by applying the average increase/decrease during the last three
months for which data are available.
      (c)   The Sub-loans shall carry an interest rate not exceeding
3.5% per annum.
      (d)   The aggregate amount of the monthly payment of interest,
fees and principal by the Beneficiary shall be fixed at 25% of the
total salary income of the household. These payments shall be
secured through an appropriate pay-roll deduction scheme.
