Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2157 GH
                        (Urban II Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 21, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2157 GH
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between  REPUBLIC OF GHANA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to seek additional funds from other
donors to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (C)   Part C of the Project will be carried out by Home
Finance Company Limited (HFC) with the Borrower's assistance and, as
part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to HFC
part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and HFC;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Condi-
tions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "HFC" means the Home Finance Company Limited, a private
company incorporated under the Companies Code 1963 (Act 179) of the
Republic of Ghana;
      (b)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and HFC, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (c)   "Financing Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and HFC pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules supplemental to the Financing
Agreement;
      (d)   "Participation Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between HFC and each OSI (as such term is hereinafter
defined) pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Project Agreement;
      (e)   "OSI" means a bank or financial institution which shall,
for the purpose of the Project, be designated by HFC as a mortgage
originating and servicing institution;
      (f)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by an
OSI in part out of the proceeds of the Credit to a Beneficiary for
the financing of the cost of purchase of a new housing unit;
      (g)   "Beneficiary" means a household to which an OSI proposes
to make or has made a Sub-loan and which meets the eligibility
criteria set forth in paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the Project
Agreement;
      (h)   "Housing Policy Statement" means the statement of
housing policy reforms by the Borrower, dated March 16, 1990;
      (i)   "MWH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Works and
Housing;
      (j)   "TSC" means the Technical Services Center, a division of
MWH;
      (k)   "MLG" means the Borrower's Ministry of Local Government;
      (l)   "MRH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Roads and
Highways;
      (m)   "TCPD" means the Town and Country Planning Department,
a division of MLG;
      (n)   "EPC" means the Borrower's Environmental Protection
Council;
      (o)   "DUR" means the Department of Urban Roads in MRH;
      (p)   "HFIC" means the Housing Finance and Institutional
Page  3
Reform Committee established by the Borrower under the chairmanship
of a Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ghana;
      (q)   "Project Preparation Advances" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to exchanges of letters dated March 20, 1989 and May 16,
1989 and July 19, 1990 and September 19, 1990, resepctively, between
the Borrower and the Association; and
      (r)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Develop-
ment Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to
fifty-three million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 53,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Sche-
dule 1 to this Agreement for: (i) amounts paid (or if the
Association shall so agree, to be paid) by HFC in respect of Sub-
loans under Part C.2 of the Project; and (ii) expenditures made (or,
if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for Parts A, B and
C.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall open and maintain in dollars three
special deposit accounts in a commercial bank on terms and condi-
tions satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment, namely: (i) a
special account for the purposes of Parts A.1 (a) and A.5 (a) and
(b) of the Project (Special Account DUR); (ii) a special account for
Parts A and B (except Parts A.1 (a) and A.5 (a) and (b)) of the
Project (Special Account TSC); and (iii) a special account for the
purposes of Part C.1 and 2 of the Project (Special Account HFC).
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advances withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advances
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not with-
drawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of
June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
Page  4
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the pur-
poses of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
December 1, 2000, and ending June 1, 2030. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2010, shall be one per-
cent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment thereafter
shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Asso-
ciation may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or
all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the payment
of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Bor-
rower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agree-
ment and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Parts A and B of the Project
                   with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate administrative and
                   financial practices and shall provide, promptly
                   as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
                   other re- sources required for such Parts of the
                   Project; and
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
Page  5
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause HFC
                   to perform all its obligations set forth in the
                   Project Agreement, shall take or cause to be
                   taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable HFC to
                   perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                   permit to be taken any action which would
                   prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, and except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Parts A and B of
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth
in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make part of the proceeds of the
Credit available to HFC under a financing agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and HFC, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association which shall include the
terms and conditions set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Financing Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of
the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Financing
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
C of the Project shall be carried out by HFC pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the
Association for its review and comments, not later than June 30,
1992, proposals for strengthening the foreclosure procedures with
respect to defaults under housing loans secured by mortgages.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts A and B of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
Parts A and B of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
Page  6
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                   Accounts was made, all records (contracts,
                   orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                   documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expendi-ture submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls in- volved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   HFC shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that HFC will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of HFC or for the suspension of its operations.
      (d)   An event shall have occurred which shall make it improb-
able that the Borrower will carry out the Housing Policy Statement
or any significant part thereof.
      (e)   The Housing Policy Statement shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, withdrawn or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of HFC to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
Page  7
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (c) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                           ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Financing Agreement has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and HFC;
      (b)   a management agreement acceptable to the Association has
been executed on behalf of HFC and Merchant Bank (Ghana) Limited;
      (c)   HFC has furnished to the Association its operational
guidelines and detailed financial projections acceptable to the
Association; and
      (d)   the Borrower has employed consultants for the purposes
of Part B.3 of the Project in accordance with the provisions set
forth in Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions,
to be included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the
Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by HFC, and is legally binding upon HFC in accordance with
its terms; and
      (b)   that the Financing Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Borrower and HFC and is legally binding upon the
Borrower and HFC in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The PNDC Secretary for Finance and Economic
Planning of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            PNDC Secretary for Finance and
                Economic Planning
            Ministry of Finance and
                Economic Planning
            P.O. Box M 40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECONOMICON                2205 MIFAEP GH
                   Accra
Page  8
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                         By /s/ Joseph L. S. Abbey
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                              SCHEDULE 1
               Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.      The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                               Amount of the
                                  Credit
                                 Allocated             % of
                               (Expressed in      Expenditures
        Category              SDR Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)     Civil works:
        (a) for Part A.1         16,900,000)      100% of foreign
            (a) and A.5 (b)                )      expenditures and
            of the Project                 )      90% of local
                                           )      expenditures
                                           )
        (b) for Parts A          12,300,000)
            and B of the                   )
            Project (ex-                   )
            cept Part A.1 (a)              )
            and A.5 (b) of                 )
            the Project)                   )
(2)     Equipment, vehicles
        and spare parts:
        (a) for Part A.1 (a),       700,000)      100% of foreign
Page  9
            A.5 (a) and (b)                )      expenditures and
            of the Project                 )      90% of local
                                           )      expenditures
      (b) for Parts A and         1,600,000)
          B of the Project                 )
          (except Part A.1                 )
          (a), A.5 (a) and                 )
          (b))                             )
                             Amount of the
                                Credit
                               Allocated             % of
                             (Expressed in      Expenditures
      Category              SDR Equivalent)    to be Financed
      (c) for Part C.1 of         100,000       100% of foreign
          the Project                           expenditures and
                                                95% of local
                                                expenditures
(3)   Consultants'
      services:
      (a) for Part A.1 (a)      1,400,000)      100% of foreign
          and A.5 (a) and                )      expenditures and
          (b) of the Project             )      90% of local
                                         )      expenditures
      (b) for Parts A and       5,600,000)
          B of the Project               )
          (except Part A.1               )
          (a), A.5 (a) and               )
          (b))                           )
                                         )
      (c) for Part C.1            500,000       100% of foreign
          of the Project                        expenditures and
                                                95% of local
                                                expenditures
(4)   Training:
      (a) for Part A.1 (a)        200,000)      100% of foreign
          and A.5 (a) and (b)            )      expenditures and
          of the Project                 )      90% of local
                                         )      expenditures
      (b) for Parts A and         900,000)
          B of the Project               )
          (except Part A.1               )
          (a), A.5 (a) and               )
          (b))                           )
      (c) for Part C.1 of         200,000       100% of foreign
          the Project                           expenditures and
                                                95% of local
                                                expenditures
                             Amount of the
                                Credit
                               Allocated             % of
                             (Expressed in      Expenditures
      Category              SDR Equivalent)    to be Financed
(5)   Sub-loans to              5,500,000       40%
      Beneficiaries
(6)   Operating costs:
      (a) for Part A.1 (a),       400,000)      100% of foreign
          A.5 (a) and (b)                )      expenditures and
          of the Project                 )      90% of local
                                         )      expenditures
      (b) for Parts A and       1,000,000)
          B of the Project               )
Page  10
          (except Part A.1               )
          (a), A.5 (a) and               )
          (b))                           )
(7)   Refunding of                620,000       Amounts due
      Project                                   pursuant to
      Preparation                               Section 2.02 (c)
      Advances                                  of this Agreement
(8)   Unallocated               5,780,000
                                _________
      TOTAL                    53,700,000
                               ==========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "operating costs" means the office expenses
incurred for rent, utilities, transportation and supplies.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expenditures
prior to the date of this Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in:
(i) rehabilitating and improving the urban infrastructure and
services in selected cities; (ii) strengthening the technical,
financial and managerial capacities of local government; (iii)
introducing reforms in the housing sector; and (iv) relieving the
acute shortage of affordable houses.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:    Local Government Sector Rehabilitation
1.    Infrastructure rehabilitation and improvements:
      (a)  Development and rehabilitation of roads and attendant
drainage, improvement of intersections and signalization, and other
transport system management measures in Accra, Kumasi and Sekondi-
Takoradi.
      (b)  Repair of important town center roads, rehabilitation and
improvement of primary drainage and provision of sanitation
facilities in Tamale.
      (c)  Rehabilitation of the sewerage system in Tema, including
construction of a new sewerage treatment/disposal facility, rehabi-
litation of sewerage pumping stations, repair of the main sewer
outfalls and acquisition of maintenance tools and equipment.
      (d)  Rehabilitation and construction of paving, lighting,
drainage water supply and sanitation facilities at the central
market in Kumasi.
      (e)  Development of waste management systems in Sekondi-
Takoradi, Tema and Tamale, including the acquisition of vehicles and
Page  11
equipment.
2.   Municipal Revenue Mobilization:
      (a)  Property revaluation in Kumasi, Sekondi-Takoradi and
Tamale, including acquisition of vehicles and equipment, and
training.
      (b)  Strengthening municipal revenue mobilization and
financial management in Accra, Kumasi, Sekondi-Takoradi, Tema and
Tamale, including acquisition of vehicles and equipment, and
training.
3.    Land Administration:
      (a)  Production of large-scale photomaps for Accra and Kumasi
and of medium-sale topographic maps for Accra, Kumasi, Sekondi-
Takoradi, Tema and Tamale.
      (b)  Land adjudication and titling in Accra and Kumasi on a
pilot basis.
      (c)  Institutional support to land administration organiza-
tions, including acquisition of vehicles and equipment, and
training.
      (d)  Studies on: (A) the progress in carrying out the land
adjudication and titling program; and (B) the reorganization of the
Survey Department.
4.    Local Government Support:
      (a)  Rehabilitation of the local government training center at
Tamale and construction of new buildings and facilities for the
local government training school at Accra.
      (b)  Development of training programs for the local govern-
ment sector.
      (c)  Establishment of a local government project support unit.
5.   Strengthening of the Department of Urban Roads, the District
Roads Units and City Technical Departments:
      (a)  Acquisition of soils laboratory equipment for the
Department of Urban Roads.
      (b)  Construction of workshops and acquisition of road
building and maintenance equipment, spare parts and vehicles for the
District Roads Units in Accra, Kumasi, Sekondi-Takoradi, Tema and
Tamale.
      (c)  Acquisition of equipment and vehicles for the City
Technical Departments in Accra, Kumasi, Sekondi-Takoradi, Tema and
Tamale.
6.    Strengthening of the Environmental Protection Council's capa-
bility and capacity to carry out environmental assessment studies
through the acquisition of equipment and vehicles, and training.
Part B:    Housing Sector Reform
1.    Improvements to the infrastructure and urban services in parts
of Tema and Kumasi through the rehabilitation and upgrading of
streets, water supply, primary, secondary and tertiary drainage,
street lightings, public sanitation facilities and refuse collection
and training of women in construction skills.
2.    Development of a feasible and cost effective strategy to
complete and/or divest the existing uncompleted government-owned
housing units.
Page  12
3.    Restructuring of the State Housing Corporation, the Tema
Development Corporation and the Architectural and Engineering
Services Corporation.
4.    Strengthening of the Technical Services Center through the
acquisition of equipment and vehicles, and training.
Part C:    Housing Finance
1.    Establishment and operation of the Home Finance Company,
including the acquisition of equipment and provision of training for
HFC and the participating mortgage originating and servicing
institutions.
2.    Financing of eligible new housing units through the provision
of Sub-loans to Beneficiaries.
3.    Divestment of existing housing stock owned by housing
parastatals.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:    International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures con-
sistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts shall be grouped into bid
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
3.    Goods shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by
a third-party inspection firm.
Part B:    Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Ghana may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:    Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:    Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works for the rehabilitation of workshops and training
centers may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with pro-
cedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $1,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three sup-
pliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
Page  13
acceptable to the Association.
3.    Civil works, up to an aggregate amount equivalent of $100,000,
may be carried out by force account in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
Part E:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in para-
graphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of any
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of any Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be fur-
nished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Parts A and B
of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Exe-
cuting Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Project Coordination
1.    TSC shall be the overall Project coordinating unit. It shall
provide support to other Project entities and coordinate the overall
Project monitoring, consolidation, accounting, audit, disbursement,
procurement and reporting activities and shall ensure that EPC has
been consulted by any Project entity for major civil works contracts
prior to their award.
Part A of the Project
2.    Policy guidance for Part A of the Project shall be provided by
the Interministerial Committee comprising the PNDC secretaries of
MWH, MLG and MRH. This committee which shall coopt a representa-tive
of EPC shall meet twice a year during the first two years of Project
implementation and annually thereafter to review the progress of the
Project.
3.    The Project Coordinating Committee shall be responsible for
Page  14
the coordination of all Project activities under Part A of the
Project. It shall consist of the heads of all Project units which
carry out parts of this component and shall be assisted by TSC as
its secretariat. The Project Coordinating Committee shall meet
quarterly during the first two years of Project implementation and
bi-annually thereafter.
4.    The roads and transport systems component of the Project shall
be carried out by DUR.
5.    All activities related to the development of local government
training program and the local government support function shall be
implemented by the Local Government Project Support Unit and the
Training Support Unit, both to be established not later than
February 1, 1991.
6.    The land administration and property revaluation components
shall be carried out by the Land Administration Steering Committee
and the Land Valuation Board.
7.    The activities in each city shall be coordinated by the
Metropolitan/District Steering Committees to be assisted by TSC, DUR
and the Local Government Project Support Unit.
Part B of the Project
8.    Policy guidance for, and coordination of, the urban upgrading
component and the housing consolidation studies under Part B of the
Project shall be provided by MWH. TSC shall be responsible for the
implementation of these components.
9.    The housing finance and institutional reform components shall
be carried out under the overall policy guidelines of HFIC. The
Borrower, through HFIC and Bank of Ghana, and the Association shall
annually review the progress achieved in carrying out the institu-
tional reform program under Part B.3 of the Project.
Action Plans
10.   In order to guide Project implementation and monitoring, the
Borrower shall ensure that all Project units and agencies responsi-
ble for carrying out the Project prepare and revise periodically
annual plans related to their respective Project activities. These
annual plans shall be consolidated by TSC and furnished to the
Association for its review and comments. Progress in carrying out
the Project shall be measured against these plans. The Borrower, the
Association and each of the Project Units shall annually exchange
views on the progress achieved in carrying out the respective Parts
of the Project.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case of
Special Account DUR, Categories (1) (a), (2) (a), (3) (a), (4) (a)
and (6) (a); (ii) in the case of Special Account TSC, Categories (1)
(b), (2) (b), (3) (b), (4) (b) and (6) (b); and (iii) in the case of
Special Account HFC, Categories (2) (c), (3) (c), (4) (c) and (5) as
such Categories are set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the respective
Page  15
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, equi-
valent to $1,500,000 in the case of Special Account DUR, equivalent
to $1,500,000 in the case of Special Account TSC, and equivalent to
$750,000 in the case of Special Account HFC.
2.    Payments out of any Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
corresponding Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish such Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)  For withdrawals of any Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the respective Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request
or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into such Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)  (i)   For replenishment of any Special Account, the
                 Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
                 for deposits into the Special Account at such
                 intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                 Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                 documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                 paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                 payments in respect of which reple-nishment is
                 requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                 Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                 withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                 the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                 shall have requested and as shall have been shown                 by 
said documents and other evidence to have been
                 paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                 expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of any Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably requested, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Sche-
dule, the Association shall not be required to make further deposits
into any Special Account:
      (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allo-
cated to the Eligible Categories less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remain-
ing unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the Eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
Page  16
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in any
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of any Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into such Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into any Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in any Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in any
Special Account.
      (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 6
             Financing Agreement Terms and Conditions
1.    The Borrower shall make available to HFC, out of the proceeds
of the Credit, an amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 800,000
on a grant basis for the purposes of Part C.1 of the Project.
2.    The Borrower shall make available to HFC, out of the proceeds
of the Credit, an amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR
5,500,000 for the purposes of Part C.2 of the Project.
3.    The debt of HFC to the Borrower pursuant to paragraph 2 above
shall be evidenced by bonds to be issued by HFC with a maturity of
30 years and an interest rate of 1% per annum. Interest on, and
principal of, the bonds shall be paid monthly. The outstanding
principal of the bonds shall be adjusted monthly on the basis of
changes in the Consumer Price Index by applying the average
increase/decrease during the last three months for which data are
available.
4.    The bonds shall be issued by HFC in amounts and frequency
designed to match the Sub-loans made under Part C.2 of the Project.
The proceeds of the sale of the bonds shall be used by HFC to
finance the Sub-loans through the OSIs.
5.    The payment of interest on, and the principal of, the bonds
shall be undertaken by HFC out of the cash flow resulting from the
servicing of the Sub-loans.
6.    HFC shall have the right to prepay the principal of the bonds
without penalty. In case of prepayments, the Borrower shall use the
prepaid principal for the purchase of new bonds issued by HFC under
the same terms and conditions as set forth in the Financing
Agreement.
Page  17
7.    In case of the sale of such bonds by the Borrower in the
secondary market, the Borrower shall use the proceeds of such sales
for the purposes set forth in paragraph 6 above.
