Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2407 GUI
         (National Agricultural Export Promotion Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 6, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2407 GUI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 6, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received a letter dated March 26,
1992 from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives
and policies designed to develop its agricultural export sector (the
Program) and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of
the Program; and
      (C)   the Borrower intends to receive from the Fonds d'Aide et
de Cooperation (FAC) a grant (the FAC Grant) in an amount equivalent
to $600,000 to assist in financing the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the FAC Grant Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and FAC; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CPP" means the Comite de Pilotage du Projet referred to
in Section 3.03 (a) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Project Preparation Advances" means the project pre-
paration advances granted by the Association to the Borrower pur-
suant to exchanges of letters dated February 21, 1989 and March 6,
1989; June 12, 1990 and July 24, 1990; December 13, 1990 and
February 11, 1991; June 6, 1991; and June 25, 1991; and June 6, 1991
and February 11, 1992 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "GF" means Guinean Franc, the currency of the Borrower;
      (e)   "PIF" means Private Investment Fund, a corporation to be
established under the Project in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.03 (d) of this Agreement; and
      (f)   "CCIAG" means the Chambre de Commerce, d'Industrie et
d'Agriculture de Guinee, of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifteen million two hundred Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollar a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advances withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advances
shall thereupon be cancelled.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1999 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15
commencing September 15, 2002 and ending March 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 15,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
Page  4
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and agricultural practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section regarding the provision of funds, the Borrower
shall:
            (i)    open and thereafter maintain in GF and in the
                   name of the Project (the Project Account) in a
                   commercial bank on terms and conditions
                   satisfactory to the Association; and
           (ii)    thereafter deposit into the Project Account on
                   the first day of every calendar quarter
                   commencing on January 1, 1993, an amount
                   equivalent to budgetary allocations required to
                   cover anticipated expenditures for the Project
                   over that quarter;
      (c)    Amounts deposited into the Project Account pursuant to
paragraph (b) above shall be used only to make payments to meet
expenditures made or to be made in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services for the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. For the purposes of carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall:
      (a)   establish and thereafter maintain CPP with functions,
responsibilities and qualified and experienced staff in adequate
numbers, all satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   conclude contractual arrangements with relevant institu-
tions satisfactory to the Association to: (i) provide required
expert advice (including technical, informational and managerial and
training) to agricultural operators and agricultural associations;
and (ii) strengthen the performance of small- and medium-scale
agricultural enterprises;
      (c)   conclude with relevant services, departments or agencies
of the Borrower appropriate administrative arrangements satisfactory
to the Association to ensure the proper execution of Parts B.1, B.2,
B.4 and B.5 of the Project including a contribution in the amount of
15% to be made in kind by rural communities towards the costs of
rural roads rehabilitation;
      (d)   (i) undertake all necessary measures as required to
facilitate the establishment of the PIF scheme; (ii) onlend to the
PIF management company a maximum amount equivalent to $1,600,000 out
of the proceeds of the Credit, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of onlending agreement satisfactory to the Association;
and (iii) require that the activities entrusted to the PIF promoter
and the operations of the PIF management company be at all times
carried out by qualified and experienced staff in accordance with
contractual arrangements stipulated in the onlending agreement
Page  5
referred to in subparagraph (ii) above;
      (e)   (i) prepare draft annual work programs including
training programs and submit them to the Association for review and
comments no later than October 31 of each year; and (ii) thereafter
promptly implement said work and training programs; and
      (f)   (i) carry out a Mid-Term Review with the Association no
later than December 31, 1995 to assess the progress achieved in the
execution of the Project; and (ii) promptly implement the recom-
mendations resulting from the Mid-Term Review as they shall have
been agreed upon with the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
Page  6
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out;
      (b)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of the FAC Grant made to the Borrower
                   for the financing of the Project shall have been
                   suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or
                   in part, pursuant to the terms thereof.
           (ii)    Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, or termination is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under such agreement; and
                   (B) adequate funds for the Project are available
                   to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                   conditions consistent with the obligations of
                   the Borrower under this Agreement.
                           ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the CPP has been established in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.03 (a) of this Agreement; and
      (b)   the Project Account referred to in Section 3.01 (b) has
been opened and an amount of GF 250,000,000 has been deposited
therein.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower responsible for
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Finance
            B.P. 221
            Conakry
            Guinea
            Cable address:                 Telex:
Page  7
                                             22399 MIFIGE
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
                         By /s/ Elhadji Boubacar Barry
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edwin Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil works                2,200,000         100% of foreign
                                                 expenditures and
                                                 80% of local
                                                 expenditures
(2) Vehicles, goods            1,020,000         100%
    and equipment
    except for
    Part A. 3 of
    the Project
(3) Vehicles, goods              180,000         100%
    and equipment
Page  8
    for Part A. 3
    of the Project
(4) Training and                 260,000         100%
    operating costs
    for Part A.3
    of the Project
(5) Consulting services        6,600,000         100%
    and training except
    for Part C.2 of
    the Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(6)  Consulting services         370,000        100%
     for Part C.2 of
     the Project
(7)  Onlending to              1,100,000        100%
     PIF manage-
     ment company
(8)  Operating costs              730,000       100% through
                                                December 31,
                                                1993 and 67%
                                                thereafter
(9)  Refunding of              1,400,000        Amounts due
     Project                                    pursuant to
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (c)
     Advances                                   of this Agreement
(10) Unallocated               1,340,000
                              __________
     TOTAL                    15,200,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the following terms have
the following meaning:
      (a)   "Operating costs" means expenditures in respect of items
such as fuel, lubricants, costs for repair and maintenance of
vehicles and office equipment, office supplies, expenses for travel
related to the Project and salaries for contractual staff hired for
the execution of the Project;
      (b)   "foreign expenditures" means expenditures made in a
currency other than the currency of the Borrower and for goods or
services supplied from a territory other than the Borrower's
territory; and
      (c)   "local expenditures" means expenditures made in the
currency of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made: (a) in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) in respect of
payments made for expenditures under Categories (3) and (4) unless
the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that the
CCIAG has been restructured in accordance with revised statutes
satisfactory to the Association (namely that the Chairman of CCIAG
has been elected by the Consular Assembly; a qualified and
experienced professional has been appointed as CCIAG Secretary
General; the terms and conditions of employment of CCIAG staff are
subjected to labor law and a schedule to settle CCIAG overdue debts
is adopted); and (c) in respect of payments made for expenditures
under Category (7) unless the Association has received evidence
Page  9
satisfactory to it that the onlending agreement referred to in
Section 3.03 (d) (ii) has been concluded.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to improve the capability of
the Borrower to increase agricultural production for export and to
establish an appropriate incentive framework to attract private
equity investment in the agricultural export sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Strengthening of Private Sector Institutions dealing
            with Agricultural Exports
1.    Assistance to operators of the agricultural exports sector
established in Guinea to build viable partnerships with foreign
investors so as to promote an efficient transfer of technical know-
how, financial resources and adequate knowledge conducive to a
better access to export markets.
2.    Adequate training of national agriculture investors and
operators in subject matters relevant to an efficient operation of
their businesses.
3.    Restructuring of CCIAG and strengthening its capability to
serve its members, in particular, with respect to export operations.
4.    Assistance to professional associations in the agricultural
export sector to increase their performance at all levels of their
operations.
Part B:     Support to Agricultural Production
1.    Provision of adequate extension services to farmers through
relevant agencies of the Borrower and private nucleus estates to
increase agricultural production to meet export demand.
2.    Execution of an adaptive research program aimed at finding
practical remedies to agronomic and technological constraints that
currently restrain agricultural productivity for export products.
3.    Provision of specialized management advice and services
tailored to the needs of small- and medium-scale agricultural
enterprises.
4.    Assistance to improve the performance of farmers'
associations.
5.     Rehabilitation of about 550 km of access roads in the rural
area.
Part C:     Mobilization of Financial Resources for Agricultural
            Investments
1.    Assistance to a Mutual Credit Company operating in Guinea to
establish a new branch in the prefecture of Mamou and to expand the
existing branch in the prefecture of Kindia so as to facilitate
credit dispensation to small- and medium-scale agricultural
enterprises.
2.    Assistance to facilitate the establishment and management of
a Private Investment Fund to mobilize equity funds for productive
investments.
Part D:     Project Coordination and Management
1.    Acquisition of logistics support required to ensure adequate
Page  10
coordination and execution of the Project.
2.    Training of staff responsible for the execution of the
Project.
3.    Development and implementation of a Project Monitoring and
Evaluation system.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for works shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or more; and contracts for vehicles shall be grouped into
one bid package estimated to cost the equivalent of $300,000 or
more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $600,000, and civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or less per contract up to an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $700,000 may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $400,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract, are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
Page  11
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (8) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
Page  12
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  13
