Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3467 POL
             (Private Enterprise Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 17, 1992
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3467 POL
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 17, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF POLAND
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Polish Development Bank (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to sixty million dollars
($60,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Page  2
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
                   "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have
            arisen under which any further withdrawals under the
            Loan would be inconsistent with the provisions of
            Article III, Section 3 of the Bank's Articles of
            Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                Execution of Part B of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall carry out and cause to be
carried out Part B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate practices, and shall provide or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the purpose.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part
B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provisions
thereof.
Page  3
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports and maintenance, respectively) in
respect of Part B of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                          Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part B of the Project of the departments,
agencies and institutes of the Guarantor responsible for the
carrying out thereof.
      (b)   the Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those to
                   Special Account B for each fiscal year audited,
                   in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                   accounts for such year as so audited; and (B)
                   the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                   such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
                   have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall time to time
                   reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            00-916 Warszawa
            ul. Swietokrzyska 12
            Republic of Poland
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINF                      814386 PL
                   Poland
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
Page  4
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                   By /s/ J. Tomorowicz
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ W. Thalwitz
                                           Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
