Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 2905 KO
                         Project Agreement
               (Kyonggi Regional Transport Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                     KOREA HIGHWAY CORPORATION
                      Dated February 19, 1988
                                               LOAN NUMBER 2905 KO
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 19, 1988, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and KOREA HIGHWAY
CORPORATION (the Corporation) established under Law No. 2083 dated
January 17, 1969 of the Borrower.
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Korea (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred sixteen million dollars
($116,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Corporation agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and the Corporation, the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to the
Corporation on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Corporation, in consideration of the Bank's
Page  2
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. The Corporation declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, managerial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions
of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Corporation shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Corporation shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, the Corporation shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Corporation shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   The Corporation shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by the Corporation of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. In order to provide the Corporation with
technical advice for supervision of construction under the Project,
the Corporation shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and technical terms of reference shall be satisfactory to
the Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations
                        of the Corporation
      Section 3.01. The Corporation shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and engineering practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
Page  3
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. The Corporation shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and engineering practices.
      Section 3.03. The Corporation shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Corporation shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition, including, without
limitation to the foregoing, separate accounts reflecting all
expenditures for the Project.
      (b)   The Corporation shall:
            (i)   have its accounts and financial statements
                  (resources and expenditures) related to the
                  Project, for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said accounts and financial statements as
                  well as the audit thereof and said records, as
                  the Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the Corporation thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the Corporation thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
Page  4
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                  Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      For the Corporation:
            Korea Highway Corporation
            293-1, Kumtodong
            Songnam
            Kyonggi-Do
            Korea
                                          Telex:
                                                DOKONG K 32212
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Corporation, may be taken or executed by
the Managing Director for Planning or such other person or persons
as the Corporation shall designate in writing, and the Corporation
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  KOREA HIGHWAY CORPORATION
                  By /s/ Hyun-Hong Lee
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
Page  5
                            Procurement
Part A.     International Competitive Bidding
      Civil works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
Part B.     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for civil works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $8 million or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contracts are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.01 (a)(ii) of the Loan Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
