Page  1
       NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2314 UG
               Norwegian Grant Agreement
            (Structural Adjustment Program)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of development
               aid funds provided by the
       ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE
                   KINGDOM OF NORWAY
               Dated September 30, 1993
       NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2314 UG
               NORWEGIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated September 30, 1993, between
REPUBLIC OF UGANDA (the "Grantee") and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as Administrator (the
"Administrator") of the Norwegian Grant (as hereinafter
defined) provided by the Royal Ministry of Foreign
Affairs of the Kingdom of Norway ("Norway").
     WHEREAS the Administrator has received a letter,
dated October 25, 1991 from the Grantee describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
achieve structural adjustment of the Grantee's economy
(the "Program");
     WHEREAS the Grantee has requested the assistance of
the International Development Association (the
"Association") and Norway in the financing of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program;
     WHEREAS the Association has extended a credit to the
Grantee on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement No. 2314 UG dated December
12, 1991, between the Grantee and the Association (the
"Development Credit Agreement");
     WHEREAS Norway has authorized the Administrator to
extend to the Grantee for the financing of part of the
goods and services required during the Program a grant
(the "Norwegian Grant") to assist the Grantee on the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     WHEREAS Norway has requested, and the Association
Page  2
has accepted by a letter dated September 10, 1993, to
administer the Norwegian Grant in accordance with the
provisions of an agreement (the "Administration
Agreement") relating to a Special Program of Assistance
of Sub-Saharan African Countries entered into between
Norway and the Association on October 3, 1991;
     WHEREAS the Grantee acknowledges that the financial
assistance extended to the Grantee under this Agreement
(the "Norwegian Grant Agreement") shall be considered as
part of the bilateral development aid extended by Norway
to the Grantee; and
     WHEREAS the Administrator has agreed on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Norwegian
Grant to the Grantee upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985 (the "General Conditions") constitute an
integral part of this Agreement subject, however, to the
following modifications thereof:
     (a)  the term "Association", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Norwegian
Grant pursuant to the Administration Agreement, except in
the phrase "member of the Association" in Sections 2.01
(5), and 6.02 (e);
     (b)  the term "Development Credit Agreement",
whenever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (c)  the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Norwegian Grant extended to the
Grantee under this Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the trust account opened by the
Administrator in its books in the name of the Grantee to
which the amount of the Norwegian Grant is credited (the
"Trust Account");
     (e)  in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall
also include the International Development Association
acting in its own capacity;
     (f)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date, or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Grantee and the
     Administrator, the Grantee shall prepare and
     furnish to the Administrator a report of such scope
     and in such detail as the Administrator shall
     reasonably request, on the execution of the Program
     referred to in the Preamble to the Norwegian Grant
     Agreement, the performance by the Grantee and the
     Administrator of their respective obligations under
     the Norwegian Grant Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Norwegian
     Grant."; and
Page  3
     (g)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03,
4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), and Article XII are
deleted.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions, in the Administration
Agreement, in the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
Development Credit Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
     Section 1.03. Wherever used in this Agreement, the
terms "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency of
Norway.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. (a) The Administrator agrees to extend
to the Grantee, on the terms and conditions herein set
forth or referred to, a grant in an amount of thirty
million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 30,000,000) or such other
amount as shall have been made available by Norway to the
Administrator for this purpose pursuant to the
Administration Agreement.
     (b)  The Norwegian Grant shall not be repaid and
shall bear no interest or other charges.
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Norwegian Grant
may be withdrawn from the Trust Account in accordance
with Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement, and
as such Schedule may be amended from time to time by
Agreement between the Grantee and the Administrator for
the financing of expenditures made (or if the
Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and petroleum products
required for the Program.
     (b)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of
payments for taxes levied by, or in the territory of, the
Grantee on goods and services or in the importation,
manufacture, procurement or supply thereof.
     (c)  The Grantee shall, for the purposes of the
Program, open and maintain in Norwegian Kroner a special
deposit account in a commercial bank, in the name of its
Central Bank for the purposes of the Program, on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Administrator,
including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure
or attachment. Deposits into, or payments out of, the
Norwegian Grant Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, contracts f or goods to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant shall be procured
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, it being understood that
the references in said Schedule to the "Association" and
the "Credit Account" shall be deemed to be references to
the Administrator of the Norwegian Grant and the Trust
Account, respectively.
     (b)  If the Administrator shall have reasonably
determined that the procurement of any item is
inconsistent with the procedures set forth or referred to
in paragraph (a) above, no expenditures for such item
shall be financed out of the proceeds of the Norwegian
Page  4
Grant, and the Administrator may, without in any way
restricting or limiting any other right, power or remedy
of the Administrator under this Agreement, by notice to
the Grantee, cancel such amount of the Norwegian Grant
as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion, represents
the amount of such expenditures which would otherwise
have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds of
the Norwegian Grant.
     Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be July 15,
1994 or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Grantee of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, Articles III and IV of the Development Credit
Agreement and Schedule 2 thereto are hereby incorporated
into this Agreement with the same force and effect as if
they were fully set forth herein, it being understood
that all references in said Articles and Schedules to
the "Association", the "Borrower" and the "Credit
Account" shall be deemed to be references to the
Administrator, the Grantee and the Trust Account,
respectively.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 4.01. The Minister of the Grantee
responsible for Finance shall be the representative of
the Grantee for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Grantee:
          Minister of Finance
          P.O. Box 8147
          Kampala, Uganda
          Cable address:                Telex:
               FINSEC                   61170
               Kampala
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
                       ARTICLE V
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 5.01. In accordance with the provisions of
Page  5
the Administration Agreement, the rights and obligations
of the Administrator under this Agreement may be
transferred to Norway. The Grantee accepts and agrees
that, upon notice by the Administrator to the Grantee to
that effect, Norway shall, ipso facto, from the date
specified in such notice, be substituted in all rights
and obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement
as if Norway had been an original party to this
Agreement, without any further action or formality
required on the part of any party, and from such date the
Administrator shall cease to have any rights or
obligations as a party under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
                     Effectiveness
     Section 6.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date first above written and shall continue in
effect until the Norwegian Grant has been fully disbursed
and the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations under this Agreement.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
               REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
               By /s/ Stephen Katenta-Apuli
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               as Administrator of the Norwegian Grant
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                       SCHEDULE
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "Eligible Expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Program and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Grant; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of NOK 13,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Trust
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant
to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
Page  6
3.   After the Administrator has received evidence
satisfactory to the Administrator that the Special
Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Grantee for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the
Administrator shall, on behalf of the Grantee, deposit
into the Special Account such amount or amounts out of
the proceeds of the Grant as the Grantee shall have
requested.
     (b)  The Grantee shall furnish to the Administrator
requests for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Administrator shall specify. On the
basis of each such request, the Administrator shall
deposit into the Special Account such amount out of the
proceeds of the Grant as shall be required to replenish
the Special Account with amounts not exceeding the amount
of payments made out of the Special Account for Eligible
Expenditures. All such deposits shall be made by the
Administrator in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence supporting the request for such deposits
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Grantee out of the
Special Account for which the Grantee requests
replenishments pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Grantee shall furnish to the Administrator,
prior to or at the time of such request, such documents
and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Administrator when either of
the following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Administrator shall have determined
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made directly to the Grantee; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the Grant
               shall be equal to the equivalent of twice
               the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Grant proceeds
remaining unwithdrawn shall follow such procedures as the
Administrator shall specify by notice to the Grantee.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Administrator shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining an deposit in
the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.   If the Administrator shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made f or an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Administrator
pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the Grantee
shall, promptly upon notice from the Administrator,
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Administrator shall so request, refund to the
Administrator) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. No further deposit by the Administrator into
the Special Account shall be made until the Grantee has
Page  7
made such deposit or refund.
7.   If the Administrator shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
Eligible Expenditures, the Grantee shall, promptly upon
notice from the Administrator, refund to the
Administrator such outstanding amount which will be added
to the unwithdrawn amount of the Grant.
