Page  1
           DUTCH GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2314 UG
                     Arrangements
                        between
       THE MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
                  OF THE NETHERLANDS
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          for
          the Administration of Certain Funds
               to be made available by
       THE MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
                  OF THE NETHERLANDS
                  in conjunction with
     Special Program of Assistance for Low Income,
               Debt-Distressed Countries
               (The Republic of Uganda)
                Date December 21, 1992
           DUTCH GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2314 UG
     ARRANGEMENTS dated as of December 21, 1992, between
THE MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION OF THE
NETHERLANDS (hereinafter referred to as the Netherlands)
and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(hereinafter referred to as the Association).
     Whereas (A) the Association has made available to
the Republic of Uganda (hereinafter referred to as
Uganda) a credit for a structural adjustment program
(hereinafter referred to as the Program) pursuant to a
Development Credit Agreement, dated December 12, 1991,
between Uganda and the Association (hereinafter referred
to as the Development Credit Agreement);
     (B)  the Netherlands wishes to make available a
grant (UG/92/017) in an amount equivalent to ten million
Dutch Guilders (Dfls. 10,000,000) to assist Uganda in its
debt service to the International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development (hereinafter referred to as the Bank);
and
     (C)  the Netherlands further wishes the Association
to administer said funds until the debt service payments
concerned have become due and payable by Uganda, and the
Association has agreed to administer them upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
Page  2
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
              Administration of the Funds
     Section 1.01. (a) For the purpose of the
Arrangements the Netherlands shall deposit the amount of
Dfls. 10,000,000 (the Grant) in the "T" Account (No. 60 01
82 673) maintained in the name of the Association with
the Nederlandse Bank (hereinafter referred to as the
Trust Account). The funds in the Trust Account shall be
freely exchangeable by the Association with other
currencies as may facilitate their administration
hereunder.
     (b)  the Grant shall be deposited into the Trust
Account promptly after the effectiveness of these
Arrangements; and receipt thereof in the Trust Account
shall be confirmed by IDA to the Netherlands Ministry of
Foreign Affairs, department CTR/AF/MP through the
Netherlands Embassy in Washington, D.C. within fifteen
days of receipt of the Grant. To facilitate the
administration of trust fund assets, the Association may
deposit other trust fund assets in the Trust Account.
     Section 1.02. The Netherlands hereby appoints the
Association as administrator of the Grant and authorizes
the Association to: (a) hold and disburse the proceeds
thereof towards making the payments of principal and
interest due and payable by Uganda to the Bank; and (b)
do any and all such acts and things as may be necessary
or appropriate to fully accomplish the foregoing;
provided, however, that in the event the Association
shall have suspended Uganda's right to make withdrawals
under the Development Credit Agreement, the Association
may withhold disbursements of the Grant until such right
of Uganda has been restored.
     Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions under this
Agreement as it exercises with respect to the
administration and management of its own affairs and
shall have no further responsibility to the Netherlands
in respect thereof.
     Section 1.04. The Association may invest and
reinvest the Grant in the Trust Account pending its
withdrawal pursuant to Section 1.02 of this Agreement,
and may retain for its own account the income from any
such investment or reinvestment to assist in the defrayal
of the costs of administration of the Grant.
                      ARTICLE II
                   Records, Accounts
     Section 2.01. The Association shall: (a) maintain
separate records and ledger accounts of the Grant
withdrawn from the Trust Account; and (b) within two
weeks from the date the Grant has been withdrawn in full
from the Trust Account, or by October 1, 1993, whichever
is later, prepare a financial statement fully authorized
by the Association's external auditors with respect to
the Trust Account and forward a copy to the Netherlands.
                      ARTICLE III
                     Consultation
     Section 3.01. The Netherlands and the Association
shall consult from time to time at the request of each
Page  3
other on all matters arising from these Arrangements and
in particular in case the Association suspends Uganda's
right to make withdrawals under the Development Credit
Agreement as provided in Section 1.02 above.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness, Termination
     Section 4.01. These Arrangements shall become
effective upon signature by the parties.
     Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of these Arrangements cannot
effectively or appropriately be carried out, the
arrangements set forth herein may be terminated at the
initiative of such party on thirty days' notice in
writing to the other. Upon such termination, unless the
Netherlands and the Association otherwise agree, any of
the Grant funds held hereunder by the Association shall
be returned to the Netherlands and the Association's
administration shall be considered terminated.
     Section 4.03. These Arrangements shall terminate
when the Grant has been withdrawn and applied by the
Association as provided in Section 1.02 of these
Arrangements.
                       ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous
     Section 5.01. These Arrangements may be amended only
by written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 5.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under these Arrangements
and any agreement between the parties contemplated by
these Arrangements shall be in writing. Such notice or
request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or mail, telephone,
cable, telex or rapifax to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as
such party shall have designated by notice to the party
giving such notice or making such request. The addresses
so specified are:
     For the Netherlands:
          The Netherlands Ministry of
               Foreign Affairs (DGIS)
          P.O. Box 20061
          2500 EB The Hague
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                           82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused these Arrangements to be signed in their
Page  4
respective names as of the day and year first above
written.
               THE MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT
                    COOPERATION OF THE NETHERLANDS
               By /s/ Onno Ruhl
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
