Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2679 UG
                        Development Credit Agreement
                       (District Health Services Pilot
                         and Demonstration Project)
                                   between
                           THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated April 19, 1995
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2679 UG
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 19, 1995, between THE REPUBLIC OF
UGANDA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
November 10, 1994 from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to strengthen the
health sector of its economy (hereinafter called the Program)
and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having committed itself to the
execution of the Program, and as part of the Program, having
undertaken to carry out the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from Swedish
International Development Agency (SIDA) a grant (the SIDA
Grant) in an amount equivalent to $7,000,000 to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
an agreement (the SIDA Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and SIDA;
Page  2
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from Kreditanstalt
fur Wiederaufbau (KfW) a grant (the KfW Grant) in an amount
equivalent to $9,000,000 to assist in financing the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the KfW
Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
KfW;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Danish
International Development Agency (DANIDA) a grant (the DANIDA
Grant) in an amount equivalent to $5,000,000 to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
an agreement (the DANIDA Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and DANIDA;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Overseas
Development Administration of the United Kingdom (ODA) a grant
(the ODA Grant) in an amount equivalent to $2,200,000 to assist
in financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth
in an agreement (the ODA Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and ODA;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "MOH" means the Borrower's Ministry of Health;
      (b)   "MOFEP" means the Borrower's Ministry of Finance and
Economic Planning;
      (c)   "MOLG" means the Borrower's Ministry of Local
Government;
      (d)   "MJCA" means the Borrower's Ministry of Justice and
Constitutional Affairs;
      (e)   "NGO" means a non-governmental organization;
      (f)   "CBO" means a community-based organization;
      (g)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (h)   "Implementation Manual" means the implementation
manual referred to in paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                 The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
Page  3
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty million nine hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 30,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against setoff,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2002
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the
Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the
rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days (60) after the date of this Agreement (the accrual
date) to the respective dates on which amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled;
and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding
the accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time
to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in
such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to
time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of
that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each March 1 and September 1
commencing March 1, 2005 and ending September 1, 2034. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on
September 1, 2014 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded
$790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and
(ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank
Page  4
lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association
and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower
to repay twice the amount of each such installment not yet due
until the principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid.
If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly,
the Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further
modify the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of
installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
through, MOH, District Administrations, NGOs, CBOs and private
health service providers all with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
public health practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3
to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall,
not later than December 31, 1997, undertake a joint
comprehensive review of the Project, during which they shall
exchange views generally on all matters relating to the progress
made in the carrying out of the Project and the performance by
the Borrower of its obligations under this Agreement; including,
but not limited to (i) a review of the achievements of the
Project, having regard to performance indicators agreed upon
between the Borrower and the Association; (ii) the
implementation and management aspects of the Project; (iii)
implementation procedures in each District, (iv) performance and
use of technical assistance personnel; (v) the role of national
counterpart staff; (vi) the status and results of training;
(vii) reporting, accounting and audit performance; (viii)
disbursement procedures; and (ix) the sustainability of the
Project.
      (b)   Not later than sixty days prior to the review referred
to in (a) above, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
Page  5
for its comments, a report, in such detail as the Association
shall reasonably request, on the progress and status of the
Project including, an evaluation of the progress achieved in
implementing the various components of the Project, and a draft
plan containing proposals for remedying any identified
deficiencies.
      (c)   Following such review, the Borrower shall act promptly
and diligently, in order to take any corrective action deemed
necessary to remedy any shortcoming noted in the implementation
of the Project, or to implement such other measures as may have
been agreed upon between the parties in furtherance of the
objectives of the Project. To this end the Borrower shall (i)
prepare an action plan satisfactory to the Association based on
the recommendations stemming from the aforementioned review, and
(ii) adopt and implement such plan for the remainder of the
Project period.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may
be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices, taking
into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments, agencies and Districts of the Borrower responsible
for carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested, including, in the case of NGOs and
                   CBOs, a separate opinion by said auditors on the
                   performance of such NGOs and CBOs under the
                   Project, and, in particular, the extent of their
                   compliance with the Implementation Manual; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
Page  6
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
          (ii)     retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
         (iii)     enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
          (iv)     ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                                  ARTICLE V
                         Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program or a significant part thereof will be carried
out.
      (b)   (i)    Subject to paragraph (ii) of this Section:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                         the terms of the Agreement providing
                         therefor, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
           (ii)    Paragraph (i) of this Section shall not apply if
                   the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
                   the Association that: (A) such suspension,
                   cancellation, termination or prematuring is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under such agreement; and
                   (B) adequate funds for the Project are available
                   to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                   conditions consistent with the obligations of
                   the Borrower under this Agreement.
      (c)   the SIDA Grant Agreement, the KfW Grant Agreement, the
DANIDA Grant Agreement or the ODA Grant Agreement shall have
failed to become effective by October 1, 1995 or such later date
as the Association may agree; provided, however, that the
provisions of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower
Page  7
establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that adequate
funds for the Project are available to the Borrower from other
sources on terms and conditions consistent with the obligations
of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely
that the event specified in Section 5.01 (b) (i) (B) of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of Section 5.01
(b) (ii) of this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                         Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Implementation Manual for
all components of the Project has been finalized and furnished
to the Association.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VII
                 Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Borrower's Minister responsible for
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning
            P.O. Box 8147
            Kampala, Uganda
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   FINSEC                    61170
                   Kampala
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District
of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year
first above written.
                   THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
Page  8
                   By /s/ Stephen K. Katenta Apuli
                                                  Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                             Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                            Credit Allocated          % of
                              (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category                SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil Works:                                100% of foreign
                                                 expenditures and
                                                 80% of local
                                                 expenditures
    (a)  for Part A             1,510,000
         of the Project
    (b)  for Part B             6,860,000
         of the Project
(2) Equipment,                                   100% of foreign
    Materials and                                expenditures, 100%
    Furniture:                                   of local expendi-
                                                 tures (ex-factory
    (a)  for Part A             2,400,000        cost) and 90% of
         of the Project                          local expendi-
                                                 tures for other
    (b)  for Part B             4,800,000        items procured
         of the Project                          locally
    (c)  other                    690,000
(3) Medical Supplies,                            100% of foreign
    Drugs:                                       expenditures and
                                                 95% of local
                                                 expenditures
    (a)  for Part A               550,000
         of the Project
    (b)  for Part B             1,030,000
         of the Project
    (c)  other                    140,000
(4) Training                    3,430,000        90%
(5) Technical                   3,100,000        100% of foreign
    Assistance,                                  expenditures and
Page  9
    Consultants'                                 90% of local
    Services,                                    expenditures
    Studies and
    Research
(6) Incremental                 3,290,000        80%
    Recurrent
    expenditures
(7) Unallocated                 3,100,000
                               __________
         TOTAL                 30,900,000
                               ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental recurrent expenditures" means
expenditures incurred for supplies and the operation and
maintenance of equipment, vehicles and building financed under
the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, and (b)
expenditures incurred in respect of Category 1(b), 2(b) and 3(b)
unless the Association receives evidence confirming that the
pilot activities in Part A of the Project have been successfully
completed including evidence that: (i) at least 60% of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated to Categories (1) (a) and (2)
(a) have been disbursed to the Districts referred to in Part A
of the Project; and (ii) satisfactory progress reports with
respect to Part A of the Project comprising (A) quarterly
comprehensive progress reports, plans and financial reports all
consistent with the Implementation Manual, and (B) a report of
completion of scheduled management training programs for
District health teams have been furnished to the Association.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure:
      (a)   for expenditures for goods and works under contracts
not exceeding $200,000 equivalent; and
      (b)   for expenditures for services under consultants'
contracts not exceeding (i) $100,000 equivalent for consulting
firms, and (ii) $50,000 equivalent for individuals under such
terms and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice
to the Borrower.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                         Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to test, on a pilot
basis, and demonstrate the feasibility of delivering an
essential health services package to district populations,
within a prudential financial policy framework, through an
integrated program of policy, institutional and financial
improvements in order to improve efficiency and equity in the
provision of health services.
Page  10
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Pilot Activities
      Support for pilot activities in the Districts of Mukono,
Masindi and Soroti for the delivery of an essential health
package to local populations including:
(1)   measurement of the absorption capacity at the district
level;
(2)   testing different ways of delivering the health package
including contracting out, block grants and voucher schemes;
(3)   refining the health package in light of experience gained;
and
(4)   strengthening MOH's capability to provide managerial and
technical support to the Districts.
Part B:     Demonstration Activities
      Delivery of a refined health services package to
populations in about ten Districts, including the Districts of
Mukono, Masindi and Soroti based on an evaluation of the pilot
activities carried out under Part A of the Project.
Part C:     Capacity Building for District Health Administrations
(1)   Strengthening the planning, management and evaluation
capacity of District Health Administrations.
(2)   Rehabilitation and equipping of health units.
(3)   Training and selective computerization for budgeting,
accounting and health information systems.
(4)   Introduction of a quality assurance program.
Part D:     Restructuring and Capacity Building for MOH
      Strengthening MOH's capacity to implement the Borrower's
decentralization policy including (a) its policy, planning and
inspection functions, (b) its monitoring and evaluation
capacity, and (c) improvements in its internal efficiency.
                                  *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2002.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and
in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
Page  11
award the contract. The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension. Such an increase in the bid price
shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation. With
respect to each contract made subject to the Association's prior
review in accordance with the provisions of Part E.1(a) of this
Section, the Association's prior approval will be required for
(i) a first extension of the bid validity period if the period
of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any subsequent
extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for
the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for equipment,
materials and furniture shall be grouped into bid packages
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more.
3.    Goods procured under international competitive bidding
procedures will not be subject to price verification under
preshipment inspection.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Uganda may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant
a margin of preference to domestic contractors in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56
of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for equipment, materials and
furniture estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,000,000
and civil works at District and community level estimated to
cost the equivalent of $500,000 or less per contract up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $10,200,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory
to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for equipment, materials and
furniture estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $100,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from at least three different countries eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Items or groups of items for equipment, materials and
furniture estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $100,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
Page  12
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as
part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers
and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank
in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-
based assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued
by the Bank, the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed
with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for the
employment of individuals estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Association
review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Association, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment
of consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
Page  13
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                 SCHEDULE 4
                           Implementation Program
General
1.    The Permanent Secretary, MOH, in his capacity as Project
Director, shall be responsible for overall Project coordination,
and shall be assisted by the Project Coordination Unit (PCU)
within MOH. PCU shall be headed by a Project coordinator, to be
maintained for the duration of Project implementation and whose
qualifications shall at all times be satisfactory to the
Association, and shall include at least: (a) a Project manager,
three accountants, a procurement specialist, an engineer and
three secretaries; and (b) two district support teams each
comprising an implementation management and a primary health
care specialist.
2.    The Borrower shall establish and maintain a Project
Steering Committee, which shall have an advisory role to PCU,
and shall be chaired by the Permanent Secretary, MOH, and
comprise representatives of MOH, MOLG, MOFEP and MJCA, and other
interested parties that may be invited from time to time. The
Project coordinator shall act as secretary to the Steering
Committee which shall meet at least on a quarterly basis.
3.    PCU shall, inter alia: (a) compile and consolidate progress
reports to the Project Steering Committee; (b) approve progress
reports from the Districts as a condition for continued flow of
funds; (c) review the indicators used for assessing Project
progress and impact; (d) initiate evaluation/research activities
connected to the Project; (e) monitor research/evaluation
activities related to the Project; (f) obtain copies of all
assessments, studies and analyses conducted and develop a set of
general findings and lessons learned; and (g) approve terms of
reference for designing and implementing evaluation activities.
4.    The Borrower shall carry out the Project in accordance with
a comprehensive implementation manual which shall at all times:
(a) be satisfactory to the Association, and (b) cover all
components of the Project, subject to modifications based on
implementation experience, the evaluation of the pilot phase or
the comprehensive review referred to in Section 3.03 of this
Agreement.
5.    The Borrower shall take all measures necessary to ensure
that: (a) annual work programs for the implementation of the
Project are prepared at the same time as the Borrower's national
budget; (b) appropriate line items are included in the national
budget to ensure that counterpart funds are readily available at
all times to finance the Borrower's share of the cost of the
Project; and (c) the Association is furnished with annual
reports confirming that funds allocated in the preceding year's
national budget have indeed been used for the intended purposes.
6.    At the District level, the District Medical Officer shall
be responsible for the coordination and implementation of
essential health packages, with the support of the respective
District Health Management Teams and the assistance of the
District Executive Secretary and the District Resistance
Councils.
7.    The Borrower shall ensure that: (a) only Districts whose
recurrent budgets have been decentralized are eligible to
participate in the pilot and demonstration phases to be carried
out under Parts A and B of the Project; (b) any proposed changes
to the essential health services package are submitted for the
Association's review and comment prior to implementation; (c)
periodic reviews are carried out, at least annually, to evaluate
Page  14
progress made in the implementation of demonstration activities
under Part B of the Project, with emphasis on the administrative
and logistical aspects of sustaining service delivery; and (d)
the pace of expansion and replication of services in each
District is subject to satisfactory performance based on
quarterly plans and progress reports and completion of scheduled
management training programs for district health teams, all
consistence with the Implementation Manual indicators
satisfactory to the Association.
Part C of the Project
8.    The District Medical Officer, who is accountable to the
Permanent Secretary MOH, shall be responsible for inspection and
control of health operations, including financial control, and
monitoring and controlling of financial resources collected
through cost recovery. Health Management committees comprising
community and NGO representatives shall be set up to manage
resources and participate in program development in each
District at Resistance Committee V level.
9.    The Borrower shall take all measures necessary to ensure
that: (a) NGOs engaged in the provision of health services are
(i) encouraged to carry out school health activities, (ii)
increase the number of units offering reproductive health
services, (iii) extend community-based commodity sales and
maintenance programs and (iv) extend use of pit latrines through
financial support for community water initiatives; and
      (b)   NGO and CBO staff are given adequate training and NGOs
and CBOs are provided with supplies and equipment for public
health activities necessary to enable NGOs and CBOs to provide
packages of essential health services.
10.   (a)   MOH shall, in consultation with NGOs, CBOs and
relevant ministries and agencies of the Borrower, appoint an
independent panel comprising about eight to ten members
including representatives of NGOs, CBOs and the Borrower.
      (b)   The panel shall, inter alia, review and, based on
evaluation criteria satisfactory to the Association, (including
technical, financial, managerial, epidemiological and
geographical considerations) recommend those proposals submitted
by NGOs and CBOs which are eligible to benefit from training and
supplies referred to in paragraph 9 (b) above.
      (c)   MOH shall carry out annual reviews of all NGO and CBO
activities through an independent evaluation and monitoring
agency satisfactory to the Association.
11.   In order to encourage the development of private health
units, the Borrower shall: (a) take all measures necessary to
carry out a study to review the existing legal and regulatory
framework to eliminate any entry barriers for the private sector
and to establish minimum standards; and (b) provide private
health units operating in underserved areas identified by the
Borrower in consultation with the Association, with equipment
not exceeding the equivalent of $25,000 for each health unit,
from a pre-approved list.
12.   In order to increase the managerial autonomy of health
units and encourage the making of decisions on resource
allocation at the local level, the Borrower shall take all
measures necessary to: (a) involve NGO units, with good
performance record, in the supervision of Government health
units and community-based activities in the NGOs vicinity, on
the basis of contractual arrangements entered into with such
NGOs, including a suitable management development plan for the
health unit, and a set of monitorable indicators focusing on
financial sustainability and service use.
13.   The Borrower shall take all measures necessary to:
Page  15
      (a)   improve the effectiveness of training institutions in
the health sector through, inter alia:
            (i)     authorizing managers of training institutions
                    to pay staff incentives;
           (ii)     charging fees to students;
          (iii)     rehabilitation and equipping of training
                    schools;
           (iv)     curricula reform; and
            (v)     delegation of training responsibility to the
                    Districts; and
      (b)   give training institutions supported under the Project
the necessary administrative and financial autonomy (except for
the policy on admissions, which shall be retained by MOH), and
ensure that, while the training institutions shall continue to
be accountable to MOH for all technical matters, MOH will
provide them with funding for a period of at least five years
from the Effective Date of this Agreement.
14.   The Borrower shall (a) carry out studies and experiment
with (i) contracting out to NGOs, nationwide, and (ii) District
hospitals and health centers in Kamuli and Kampala districts,
not later than one year after the Effective Date of this
Agreement and (b) promptly thereafter furnish the findings of
the study, together with a plan for the implementation of
recommendations made in the study, to the Association for its
review and comments.
                                 SCHEDULE 5
                               Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3
(a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $750,000 until the
aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account plus the
total amount of all outstanding special commitments entered into
by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions shall be equal to or to or exceed the equivalent of
SDR 2,000,000.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
Page  16
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
      (b)   (i)     For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                    Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                    requests for deposits into the Special Account
                    at such intervals as the Association shall
                    specify.
           (ii)     Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                    the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                    the documents and other evidence required
                    pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                    the payment or payments in respect of which
                    replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                    each such request, the Association shall, on
                    behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                    Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                    Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                    requested and as shall have been shown by said
                    documents and other evidence to have been paid
                    out of the Special Account for eligible
                    expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified
by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section 4.01
(b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said Section in
respect of the audit of the records and accounts for the Special
Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part the
right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
Page  17
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals
shall be made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on
deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such notice
will be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph
2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional
evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified.
Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit
by the Association into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
