Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3543 ME
                     Trustee Project Agreement
             (Transport Air Quality Management Project
              for the Mexico City Metropolitan Area)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
       BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
          (Acting as Trustee for the Environmental Trust
           Fund Created Pursuant to the Trust Agreement
           Entered Into Between Banco Nacional de Obras
            y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. and the United
               Mexican States on November 30, 1992)
                      Dated December 18, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3543 ME
                     TRUSTEE PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 18, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE
OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (acting as trustee for the
environmental trust fund (the Fund) which was created pursuant to
the trust agreement (Trust Agreement) entered into between the
United Mexican States and Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios
Publicos, S.N.C. on November 30, 1992) (the Trustee).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to two hundred and twenty hundred
million Dollars ($220,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition, inter alia, that
the Trustee agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Guarantee Agreement of even date herewith between
Page  2
the United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the Bank, the
Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as are
set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
      (C)   by contractual arrangements to be entered into among,
inter alia, the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Trustee, part of the
proceeds of the Loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to the Trustee on the terms and conditions set forth
in said contractual arrangements; and
      WHEREAS the Trustee, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Preamble to, and Section 1.02 of, the
Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
             Management and Operations of the Trustee
      Section 2.01. The Trustee declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall (through the Comite Tecnico
referred to in the Trust Agreement defined in WHEREAS clause (E) of
the Preamble to the Loan Agreement) carry out or cause to be carried
out Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of the
Project and conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with
sound financial, environmental and administrative standards and
practices, with qualified management and personnel, and in
accordance with the Trust Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) The Trustee shall make the proceeds of the
Loan it receives under the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement available to the Guarantor
pursuant to an agreement among the Guarantor, the Trustee and SM,
the terms and conditions of which are set forth in Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
      (b)   The Trustee shall exercise its rights under the
agreement referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank and the Trustee;
(ii) comply with its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii)
achieve the purposes of Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1
and E.1 of the Project.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Trustee shall not amend or fail to enforce such agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.03. The Trustee shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions in respect of Parts
A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. The Trustee shall enter into, and duly perform
all its obligations under, the contractual arrangements referred to
in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement. The Trustee shall exercise
its rights under such contractual arrangements in such manner as to:
(i) protect the interests of the Bank and the Trustee; (ii) comply
with its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of
the Project. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Trustee
Page  3
shall not amend or fail to enforce such contractual arrangements or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. The Trustee shall promptly inform the Bank of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by the Trustee of its obligations under this Agreement
or under the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of
the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.07. The Trustee shall participate in the reviews
referred to in Section 3.10 of the Guarantee Agreement. The Trustee
shall provide the Guarantor with all information, pertaining to the
Trustee's performance under Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C,
D.1 and E.1 of the Project, required to allow the Guarantor to meet
its reporting obligations to the Bank. The Trustee shall also
contribute towards the preparation and implementation of any action
plan referred to in Section 3.10 of the Guarantee Agreement to the
extent any provisions of such action plan refer to Parts A.3 (c),
(d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.08. The Trustee shall promptly exercise its
suspension or termination rights referred to in paragraph 15 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Trustee shall maintain records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in connection
with its execution of Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and
E.1 of the Project.
     (b)   The Trustee shall:
            (i)    have such records and separate accounts referred
                   to in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   generally accepted auditing standards and
                   procedures consistently applied, by independent
                   and qualified auditors;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, a certified copy of the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Trustee
shall provide to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to
allow the Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under
Article V of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of the Trustee thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and
the Bank shall promptly notify the Trustee thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Trustee:
            Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
            Insurgentes Norte 423
            06900 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   BANTECARIO                BNOSME 01772619
                   Mexico City               Mexico City
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of the Trustee may be taken or executed by its
Director General or such other person or persons as its Director
General shall designate in writing, and the Trustee shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
Page  5
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                               RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Rainer Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
                               PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                         (Acting as Trustee for the Environmental
                         Trust Fund Created Pursuant to the Trust
                         Agreement Entered Into Between Banco
                         Nacional de Obras y Servicios Publicos,
                         S.N.C. and the United Mexican States on
                         November 30, 1992)
                         By /s/ Enrique Alvarez del Castillo
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
          Terms and Conditions of the Agreement Referred
               to in Section 2.02 of this Agreement
      The terms of the agreement referred to in Section 2.02 of this
Agreement, which shall be entered into among the Trustee, the
Guarantor and SM, shall be satisfactory to the Bank and shall
include:
1.    the obligation of the Trustee to transfer to the DDF, on a
grant basis, the Loan proceeds required for Parts A.3 (c), (d) and
(f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of the Project;
2.    the obligation of the Guarantor to provide to the DDF, on a
grant basis, the amounts other than Loan proceeds required for Parts
A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B, C, D.1 and E.1 of the Project, as well
as the other facilities, services and resources required for such
Parts of the Project;
3.    the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) and SM to
carry out Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B and C of the Project in
cooperation with one another, and the obligation of the Guarantor
(through the DDF) to carry out Parts D.1 and E.1 of the Project, all
according to the timetables and targets set forth in the
Implementation Letter and the terms set forth in this Schedule;
4.    the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to procure
all goods, works and consultants' services to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan required for Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6,
B, C, D.1 and E.1 of the Project according to the provisions of
Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement and the obligation of the Guarantor
(through the DDF) and SM to use such goods, works and services
exclusively in furtherance of the objectives of the Project;
5.    the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) and SM to
carry out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions in respect of Parts
A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B and C of the Project and the obligation
of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to carry out such obligations in
respect of Parts D.1 and E.1 of the Project;
6.    the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to: (a)
maintain records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the resources and
Page  6
expenditures in connection with the execution of Parts A.3 (c), (d)
and (f), A.6, B and C of the Project; (b) have such records and
accounts for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards and procedures consistently applied, by
independent and qualified auditors; (c) furnish to the Trustee no
later than six months after the end of each such year the report of
such audit by said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
Trustee shall have reasonably requested; and (d) furnish to the
Trustee such information and documentation as required to allow the
Trustee to comply with its obligations under Article III of this
Agreement;
7.    the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to perform
as indicated in paragraph 6 of this Schedule with regard to Parts
D.1 and E.1 of the Project;
8.   the obligation of SM to: (a) participate in the reviews
referred to in Section 3.10 of the Guarantee Agreement; (b) provide
the Guarantor and the Trustee with all information, pertaining to
SM's performance under Parts A.3 (c), (d) and (f), A.6, B and C of
the Project, required to allow the Guarantor and the Trustee to meet
their reporting obligations to the Bank; and (c) contribute towards
the preparation and implementation of any action plan referred to in
Section 3.10 of the Guarantee Agreement to the extent any provisions
of such action plan refer to SM's performance under Parts A.3, A.6,
B and C of the Project;
9.    the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to establish
and thereafter operate the computer center referred to in Part A.3
(c) of the Project by no later than January 1, 1993 and the
obligation of both the Guarantor (through the DDF) and SM to use
such center to enforce vehicle inspection and maintenance standards
throughout the MCMA;
10.   the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to employ
the consultants required for Part A.3 (d) of the Project and make
their services available to the DDF technical team supporting CPCCA;
11.   the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to retain
the services of the consultant referred to in Part A.3 (f) of the
Project until the end of 1994;
12.   the obligation of the Guarantor to cause the DDF and PEMEX to
participate, and the obligation of SM to participate, in a working
group to be formed no later than December 1, 1992 in support of
CPCCA, such working group to coordinate final design and
implementation of Part B.1 of the Project, as well as the obligation
of the Guarantor to cause PEMEX to finance Part B.1 (a) and (b) of
the Project with funds other than Loan proceeds;
13.   the obligation of the Guarantor (through the DDF) to provide
the DDF technical team supporting CPCCA with the consultants and
coordinator required to carry out Parts B.2, D.1 and E.1 of the
Project;
14.   the obligation of the Guarantor (through SCT and the DDF) and
of SM to carry out Part C of the Project through COTAM by, inter
alia, maintaining a full-time technical secretariat within COTAM,
staffed in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, throughout the
implementation of Part C of the Project; and
15.   the right of the Trustee to suspend or terminate the right of
the Guarantor to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure of
the Guarantor and/or SM, as the case may be, to perform its
obligations under the agreement referred to in Section 2.02 of this
Agreement.
Page  7
