Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3543 ME
                    BANOBRAS Project Agreement
             (Transport Air Quality Management Project
              for the Mexico City Metropolitan Area)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
       BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                      Dated December 18, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3543 ME
                    BANOBRAS PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 18, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE
OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (Banobras).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to two hundred and twenty hundred
million Dollars ($220,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition, inter alia, that
Banobras agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Guarantee Agreement of even date herewith between
the United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the Bank, the
Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as are
set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
      (C)   by contractual arrangements to be entered into among,
Page  2
inter alia, the Borrower, the Guarantor and Banobras, part of the
proceeds of the Loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
onlent to Banobras on the terms and conditions set forth in said
contractual arrangements; and
      WHEREAS Banobras, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Preamble to, and Section 1.02 of, the
Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
               Management and Operations of Banobras
      Section 2.01. Banobras declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A.4 (a) (with
regard to taxis, minibuses, buses and common carrier trucks) of the
Project and conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with
sound financial, environmental and administrative standards and
practices, with qualified management and personnel, and in
accordance with the Banobras Environmental Subloan Regulations.
      Section 2.02. (a) Banobras shall relend the proceeds of the
Loan it receives under the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement by making Intermediary Loans to
Financial Intermediaries in accordance with the procedures set forth
in Schedule 1 to this Agreement and under Participation Agreements
to be entered into between Banobras and each Financial Intermediary,
containing terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank which shall
include, inter alia:
            (i)    rights adequate to protect the interests of the
                   Bank, Banobras and the Guarantor, including the
                   right to suspend or terminate the right of the
                   Financial Intermediary to the use of the
                   proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such
                   Financial Intermediary to perform its
                   obligations under the Participation Agreement;
                   and
           (ii)    the applicable terms and conditions set forth or
                   referred to in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Banobras shall exercise its rights under Participation
Agreements in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the
Bank, Banobras and the Guarantor; (ii) comply with its obligations
under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of Part A.4 (a)
(with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses and common carrier trucks)
of the Project. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Banobras
shall not amend or fail to enforce any Participation Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.03. Banobras undertakes that, unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, Subloans shall be made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. Banobras shall carry out or cause to be carried
out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions in respect of Part A.4 (a)
Page  3
(with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses and common carrier trucks)
of the Project.
      Section 2.05. Banobras shall enter into, and duly perform all
its obligations under, the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement. Banobras shall exercise its
rights under such contractual arrangements in such manner as to: (i)
protect the interests of the Bank and Banobras; (ii) comply with its
obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of
Part A.4 (a) (with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses and common
carrier trucks) of the Project.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, Banobras shall not amend or fail to enforce such contractual
arrangements or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. Banobras shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part A.4 (a) (with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses and
common carrier trucks) of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by Banobras of its
obligations under this Agreement or under the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.07. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.08. Banobras shall participate in the reviews
referred to in Section 3.10 of the Guarantee Agreement. Banobras
shall provide the Guarantor with all information, pertaining to
Banobras' performance under Part A.4 of the Project, required to
allow the Guarantor to meet its reporting obligations to the Bank.
Banobras shall also contribute towards the preparation and
implementation of any action plan referred to in Section 3.10 of the
Guarantee Agreement to the extent any provisions of such action plan
refer to Part A.4 (a) (with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses and
common carrier trucks) of the Project.
      Section 2.09. Banobras shall: (a) cause Financial
Intermediaries promptly to exercise their rights set forth in
Section II, paragraph 5 (e) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and (b)
promptly exercise its suspension or termination rights referred to
in Section 2.02 (a) (i) of this Agreement.
      Section 2.10. Intermediary Loan principal repayments received
by Banobras (until the first date listed in the amortization
schedule in Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement) from or on behalf of
Financial Intermediaries shall be used by Banobras to make further
loans to Financial Intermediaries on substantially the same terms
and conditions of, and for the same purposes as, its Intermediary
Loans.
      Section 2.11. Banobras shall promote its credit line under
Part A.4 (a) of the Project in accordance with the terms of
Banobras' promotion plan dated August 1992.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Banobras shall maintain records and separate
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting
practices, the resources and expenditures in connection with its
execution of Part A.4 (a) (with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses
and common carrier trucks) of the Project.
      (b)   Banobras shall:
            (i)    have such records and separate accounts referred
                   to in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   generally accepted auditing standards and
Page  4
                   procedures consistently applied, by independent
                   and qualified auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, a certified copy of the
                   report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                   scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals were made from the Special Account, Banobras shall
provide to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow
the Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Article V
of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Banobras thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Banobras thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For Banobras:
            Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
Page  5
            Insurgentes Norte 423
            06900 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   BANTECARIO                BNOSME 01772619
                   Mexico City               Mexico City
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Banobras may be taken or executed by its
Director General or such other person or persons as its Director
General shall designate in writing, and Banobras shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Rainer Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
                           SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                         By /s/ Enrique Alvarez del Castillo
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
      Procedures for and Terms and Conditions of Intermediary
     Loans Made by Banobras and Subloans Financed by Banobras
     for Part A.4 (a) (with regard to taxis, minibuses, buses
             and common carrier trucks) of the Project
Section I:  Intermediary Loans
1.    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of, and procedures for making, Intermediary Loans shall
be as set forth in the Banobras Environmental Subloan Regulations.
2.    (a)   Intermediary Loans shall be denominated, and their
interest, principal and other charges be payable, in pesos.
      (b)   Intermediary Loans shall have a variable annual interest
rate equal to CETES plus 1.5%.
3.    The principal amount of each Intermediary Loan shall be
repaid, irrespective of whether the Subloan or Subloans financed by
such Intermediary Loan are repaid, on the same terms and conditions
applicable to such Subloans, provided, however, that if a Subloan or
any part thereof shall be repaid to the Financial Intermediary in
advance of maturity, or, if a Subloan or any part thereof shall be
Page  6
sold, transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of for value by
the Financial Intermediary, the Financial Intermediary shall
promptly repay to Banobras the amount of the Intermediary Loan
corresponding to such Subloan or any part thereof so repaid in
advance or disposed of for value.
4.    Participation Agreements shall, inter alia, contain:
      (a)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to abide by
the terms of the Banobras Environmental Subloan Regulations to the
extent consistent with this Agreement; and
      (b)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to: (i)
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, including records and separate accounts regarding its
activities under Part A.4 of the Project; (ii) have such records and
accounts, together with its financial statements (balance sheets,
statements of income and expenses and related statements), for each
fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards and procedures consistently applied, by independent and
qualified auditors; (iii) furnish to Banobras no later than six
months after the end of each such year (A) certified copies of its
financial statements for such year as so audited and (B) the report
of such audit by said auditors of such scope and in such detail as
Banobras shall have reasonably requested; and (iv) furnish to
Banobras such information and documentation as required to allow
Banobras to comply with its obligations under Article III of this
Agreement.
Section II:  Subloans
1.    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of, and procedures for making, Subloans shall be as set
forth in the Banobras Environmental Subloan Regulations.
2.    (a)   Subloans shall be denominated, and their interest,
principal and other charges be payable, in pesos.
      (b)   Subloans shall be in an amount up to 100% of the selling
price of the vehicle in question for purposes of Part A.4 (a) of the
Project. If Subloans are for less than 100% of such price, the
remainder of such price shall be provided by Subborrowers in the
form of downpayments.
      (c)   Subloans shall be repaid in monthly installments and
shall have a maturity: (i) of at least one year but no more than
four years (with a one month grace period) in the case of minibuses
and common carrier trucks under Part A.4 (a) of the Project; (ii) of
at least one year but no more than seven years (with a two month
grace period) in the case of buses under Part A.4 (a) of the
Project; and (iii) of at least one year but no more than three years
(with a maximum of one month grace period) in the case of taxis
under Part A.4 (a) of the Project.
      (d)   Subloans shall have a variable annual interest rate
equal to: (i) no more than CETES plus 7.5% and no less than the
equivalent of the GIRA Rate in the case of taxis under Part A.4 (a)
of the Project; and (ii) no more than CETES plus 6.5% and no less
than the equivalent of the GIRA Rate in the case of minibuses, buses
and common carrier trucks under Part A.4 (a) of the Project.
3.    No expenditures for goods or services required for a
Subproject shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of
the Loan unless:
      (a)   the Subloan shall have been approved by the Bank and
such expenditures shall have been made not earlier than 180 days
prior to the date on which the Bank shall have received the
application and information required under Section II, paragraph 4
(a) of this Schedule in respect of such Subloan; or
Page  7
      (b)   the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been a free-
limit Subloan for which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the
Loan Account and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than 180 days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the request and information required under Section II,
paragraph 4 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such free-limit
Subloan. For the purposes of this Agreement, a free-limit Subloan
shall be any Subloan except for the first sixteen Subloans (four for
taxis, four for minibuses, four for buses and four for common
carrier trucks) for which Banobras, through the Borrower, seeks Bank
approval or withdrawal authorization.
4.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan (other than a free-limit
Subloan) to the Bank for approval, Banobras, through the Borrower,
shall furnish the Bank an application containing: (i) the name of
the Financial Intermediary and a summary description of the
Subborrower and Subproject, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan; and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Subloan, including
the schedule of amortization therefor.
      (b)   Each request by Banobras, through the Borrower, for
authorization to make withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect
of a free-limit Subloan shall contain the same information referred
to in subparagraph (a) (i)-(ii) of this paragraph (except for the
schedule of amortization therefor).
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before June 30, 1996.
5.    Each Subloan shall be made on terms whereby the Financial
Intermediary shall obtain, by written contract with the Subborrower,
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank, Banobras and
the Financial Intermediary, including the right to:
      (a)   require that: (i) the goods to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement; and (ii) such goods
shall be used exclusively in furtherance of the objectives of the
Project;
      (b)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank or Banobras if the Bank or Banobras shall so request, the
vehicles acquired with the proceeds of the Subloan as well as the
operation thereof;
      (c)   require that: (i) the Subborrower shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against such
risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Subborrower to replace or repair such goods;
      (d)   obtain all such information as the Bank or Banobras
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the
Subborrower and to the benefits to be derived from the Subproject;
and
      (e)   suspend or terminate the right of the Subborrower to the
use of the proceeds of the Loan, or accelerate maturity of the
Subloan, upon failure by the Subborrower to perform its obligations
under its contract with the Financial Intermediary.
Page  8
