Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                       SIDA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2351 ET
                       SIDA Grant Agreement
          (Emergency Recovery and Reconstruction Project)
                              between
                             ETHIOPIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  as Administrator of Grant Funds
                          Provided by the
            SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                        Dated July 30, 1993
                        SIDA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2351 ET
                       SIDA GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 30, 1993, between ETHIOPIA (the
Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, as
Administrator (the Administrator) of Grant Funds Provided by the
SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (SIDA).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Recipient has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and SIDA in
the financing of the Emergency Recovery and Reconstruction Project
(the Project) referred to in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement Number 2351-ET, dated April 24, 1992, between the
Recipient and the Association (the Development Credit Agreement);
      (B)   the Association has granted a Credit for this purpose on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement;
      (C)   SIDA wishes to make available to the Recipient a grant
in an amount up to thirty-three million three hundred thousand
Swedish kronor (SKr 33,300,000) (the SIDA Grant) to assist the
Recipient in carrying out the Project on the terms and conditions
Page  2
hereinafter set forth;
      (D)   pursuant to a contribution agreement, dated November 23,
1992, between SIDA and the Association, SIDA has requested the
Association, and the Association has agreed, to administer the SIDA
Grant in accordance with the provisions of such agreement; and
      (E)   the Recipient acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to the Recipient under an agreement (the SIDA Grant
Agreement) shall be considered as part of the bilateral development
aid extended by SIDA to the Recipient;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements", dated January 1, 1985 (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement, subject,
however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", wherever used in the General Conditions,
means the International Development Association, acting as Administrator of
the SIDA Grant, pursuant to the arrangements between SIDA and the Association
referred to in the Preamble to this Agreement, except in the phrase
"member of the Association" in Section 2.01 (5) and Section 6.02 (e);
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", wherever used
in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", wherever used in the General Condi-
tions, means the SIDA Grant extended to the Recipient under this
Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", wherever used in the General
Conditions, shall be amended to read "SIDA Grant Account";
      (e)   Section 4.01 shall be modified to read:
                 "Section 4.01. Withdrawals from the SIDA Grant
            Account shall be made in Swedish kronor; provided,
            however, that, if the expenditures to be financed out of
            the proceeds of the SIDA Grant have been paid or are
            payable in another currency, the Administrator shall, at
            the request of the Recipient and at the time of a
            withdrawal from the SIDA Grant Account, purchase such
            currency with the proceeds of such withdrawal."
      (f)   in Section 6.02, the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting in its own
capacity;
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose between the Recipient and the Administrator, the
            Recipient shall prepare and furnish to the Administrator
            a report of such scope and in such detail, as the
            Administrator shall reasonably request, on the execution
            of the Project referred to in the Preamble to the SIDA
            Grant Agreement, the performance by the Recipient and
            the Administrator of their respective obligations under
            the SIDA Grant Agreement, and the accomplishment of the
            purposes of the SIDA Grant.";
      (h)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04,
            4.05, 4.06, 6.02 (a), 6.02 (c), 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and
            12.05 are deleted; and
Page  3
      (i)   the term "Borrower", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the Recipient.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions, the Preamble to this Agreement and the Development
Credit Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth, and
the term "SIDA Special Account" means the Special Account referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
herein, a grant in an amount of up to thirty-three million three
hundred thousand Swedish kronor (SKr 33,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the SIDA Grant may be
withdrawn from the SIDA Grant Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement as such Schedule may be
amended from time to time by agreement between the Recipient and the
Administrator.
      (b)   The Recipient shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain, in dollars, a special account in a commercial
bank, on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Administrator.
Deposits into and payments out of the SIDA Special Account shall be
made in accordance with Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, contracts for goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
SIDA Grant shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement, which is hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as
if it were fully set forth herein. The references to the Association
in said Schedule are deemed to be references to the Association
acting as Administrator of the SIDA Grant.
      (b)    If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any item is inconsistent with the procedures
set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no expenditures for
any such item shall be financed out of the proceeds of the SIDA
Grant, and the Administrator may, by notice to the Recipient,
without in any way restricting or limiting any other right, power or
remedy of the Administrator under this Agreement, cancel such amount
of the SIDA Grant as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion,
represents the amount of such expenditures which would otherwise
have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the SIDA
Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1995, or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The Adminis-
trator shall promptly notify the Recipient of such later date.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
Articles III and IV, excluding vehicles from the list, of the
Development Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated into this
Agreement with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth herein. All references to the Association in said Articles are
deemed to be references to the Administrator of the SIDA Grant under
this Agreement; all references to the Credit and the Credit Account
are deemed to be references to the SIDA Grant and the SIDA Grant
Account, respectively, and all references to the Borrower are deemed
to be references to the Recipient.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                Representation; Transfer of Rights
                          and Obligations
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Recipient shall
be the representative of the Recipient for the purposes of Sec-
tion 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Recipient:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 1905
            Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                    21147
      For the Administrator:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           64145 (WUI)
                                            197688 (TRT) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      Section 4.03. In accordance with the arrangements referred to
in the Preamble to this Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to SIDA. The
Recipient accepts and agrees that, upon notice to that effect by the
Administrator to the Recipient, SIDA shall, ipso facto, from the
date specified in such notice, be substituted in all rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement as if SIDA had
been an original party to this Agreement, without any further action
or formality required on the part of any party, and, from such date,
the Administrator shall cease to have any rights or obligations as
a party under this Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effectiveness; Termination
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into effect on the
date on which it is signed, and it shall continue in effect until
the SIDA Grant has been fully disbursed and the parties to this
Agreement have fulfilled their obligations hereunder.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                  ETHIOPIA
                  By /s/ Berhane Gebre-Christos
Page  5
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  as Administrator of Grant Funds
                  Provided by the
                  SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the SIDA Grant, the allocation of
the amounts of the SIDA Grant to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                              SIDA GRANT
                               Allocated             % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SKr Equivalent)     to be Financed
      Machinery               33,300,000        100%
      and Input
                              __________
           TOTAL              33,300,000
                              ==========
                           SCHEDULE 2
                       SIDA Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project which are to be financed out of the proceeds of the SIDA
Grant; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount of
$50,000 to be withdrawn from the SIDA Grant Account and deposited
into the SIDA Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Except as the Administrator shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the SIDA Special Account shall be made exclusively for
Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Administrator has received satisfactory evidence
that the SIDA Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the SIDA Special Account may be made as follows:
      (a)   On the basis of a request or requests by the Recipient
for a deposit or deposits which add up to the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation, the Administrator shall, on behalf of the
Recipient, withdraw from the SIDA Grant Account and deposit into the
SIDA Special Account such amount or amounts as the Recipient shall
have requested.
Page  6
      (b)   The Recipient shall furnish to the Administrator
requests for replenishment of the SIDA Special Account at such
intervals as the Administrator shall specify. On the basis of such
requests, the Administrator shall withdraw from the SIDA Grant
Account and deposit into the SIDA Special Account such amounts as
shall be required to replenish the SIDA Special Account with amounts
not exceeding the amount of payments made out of the SIDA Special
Account for Eligible Expenditures. All such deposits shall be
withdrawn by the Administrator from the SIDA Grant Account as
justified by the evidence supporting the request for such deposits,
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.     For each payment made by the Recipient out of the SIDA Special
Account for which the Recipient requests replenishment pursuant to
paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule, the Recipient shall furnish to the
Administrator, prior to or at the time of each such request, such
documents and other evidence as the Administrator shall reasonably
request, showing that such payments were made for Eligible Expendi-
tures.
5.    (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, no further deposit into the SIDA Special Account shall be
made by the Administrator when either of the following situations
first arises:
            (i)   the Administrator shall have determined that all
                  further withdrawals should be made by the Recipi-
                  ent directly from the SIDA Grant Account in
                  accordance with the provisions of Article V of
                  the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of
                  Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
            (ii)  the total unwithdrawn amount of the SIDA Grant,
                  minus the amount of any outstanding special
                  commitment entered into by the Administrator,
                  pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Condi-
                  tions, shall be equal to the equivalent of twice
                  the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      (b)   Thereafter, withdrawals from the SIDA Grant Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the SIDA Grant shall follow such
procedures as the Administrator shall specify by notice to the
Recipient. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Administrator shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the SIDA Special Account as of
the date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
Eligible Expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Administrator shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the SIDA Special Account:
            (i)   was made for any expenditure or in any amount not
                  eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Sched-
                  ule; or
            (ii)  was not justified by the evidence furnished
                  pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the
                  Recipient shall, promptly upon notice from the
                  Administrator, deposit into the SIDA Special
                  Account (or, if the Administrator shall so re-
                  quest, refund to the Administrator) an amount
                  equal to the amount of such payment or the por-
                  tion thereof not so eligible or justified. No
                  further deposit by the Administrator into the
                  SIDA Special Account shall be made until the
                  Recipient has made such deposit or refund.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the SIDA Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the
Recipient shall, promptly upon notice from the Administrator, refund
to the Administrator such outstanding amount for crediting to the
Page  7
SIDA Grant Account.
