Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                       AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2351 ETH
                             Agreement
                              between
                       THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN
    (Emergency Recovery and Reconstruction Project - Ethiopia)
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                for
                the Administration of Certain Funds
                      to be made available by
                       THE KINGDOM OF SWEDEN
                      Dated November 23, 1992
                       AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2351 ETH
                             AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT dated as of November 23, 1992, between the KINGDOM
OF SWEDEN (hereinafter referred to as Sweden) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (hereinafter referred to as the Association)
for the administration by the Association of certain funds to be
made available by SIDA to Ethiopia (hereinafter referred to as
Ethiopia).
      WHEREAS: (A) Sweden wishes to make available to Ethiopia a
grant (hereinafter referred to as the Grant) in an aggregate amount
equivalent to thirty-one million eight hundred thousand Swedish
Kronor (SEK 31,800,000) to assist Ethiopia in the financing of goods
and services in conjunction with the Emergency Rehabilitation and
Reconstruction Project (the Project) referred to in the Development
Credit Agreement (Credit Number 2351-ETH) dated April 24, 1992,
between Ethiopia and the Association (the Development Credit
Agreement);
      (B)   Sweden wishes that the proceeds of the Grant should be
incremental to the Development Credit and extended for the same
purposes by the Association pursuant to the Development Credit
Agreement; and
Page  2
      (C)   the Association has agreed to administer the Grant upon
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth and in a grant
agreement (the Grant Agreement) to be subsequently entered into by
the Association and Ethiopia;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                    Administration of the Funds
Section 1.01. For the purpose of this Agreement Sweden shall deposit
an amount of Swedish Kronor thirty-one million eight hundred
thousand (SEK 31,800,000) into Account "T" maintained by the
Association with the Sveriges Riskbank (hereinafter referred to as
the Trust Account). The Grant funds in the Trust Account will be
kept separate and apart from the funds of the Association and the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The Grant
funds may be commingled with other trust fund assets maintained in
the Trust Account.
      Section 1.02. Sweden hereby appoints the Association as
administrator of the Grant and authorizes the Association to:
(a) disburse the proceeds of the Grant to Ethiopia to finance goods
and services for the Project in accordance with the provisions
hereof and the Grant Agreement; and (b) do any and all such acts and
things as may be necessary or appropriate to fully accomplish the
foregoing. Disbursements of funds from the Trust Account
attributable to the Grant shall be effected on the basis of
withdrawal applications for expenditures submitted by Ethiopia to
the Association in accordance with the Association's applicable
procedures for withdrawal of proceeds of credits made by the
Association.
      Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the same care in
the discharge of its functions hereunder as it exercises with
respect to the administration and management of its own affairs and
shall have no further responsibility to Sweden in respect thereof.
      Section 1.04. In order to assist in the defrayment of the
costs of the administration and other expenses incurred by the
Association under this Agreement, the Association may invest the
Grant funds held in the Trust Account and retain for its own account
the income from any such investment.
      Section 1.05. The administration and enforcement of any
provisions of any agreement entered into between the Association and
Ethiopia will be the responsibility solely of the Association and
will be carried out in accordance with the Association's normal
procedures.
      Section 1.06. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1995, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify Sweden of such later date.
                            ARTICLE II
                       Records and Accounts
      Section 2.01. The Association shall maintain separate records
and ledger accounts of the proceeds of the Grant withdrawn from the
Trust Account, and of interest and any other income that may be
attributable to the Grant under Section 1.04 above, and furnish
Sweden quarterly statements thereon. The Association shall cause the
records for the preceding twelve months with respect to the Grant to
be audited by the external auditors of the Association and provide
Sweden with a copy of the report of such audit. The cost of such
external audit shall be deducted from the income of any investment
or reinvestment of the Grant funds.
                           ARTICLE III
Page  3
                           Consultation
      Section 3.01. The Association will keep Sweden informed of the
progress of activities funded under this Agreement by providing
copies of any monitoring reports and studies. Opportunity to
participate in discussions or workshops arising from the above
activities will be provided in a timely manner to representatives of
Sweden, subject to the consent of Ethiopia.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Effectiveness, Termination
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon
signature by the parties and, subject to the provisions of this
Article, shall continue in effect until March 31, 1995, or until all
funds made available under this Agreement have been disbursed from
the T-Account to Ethiopia and all other formalities incidental
thereto have been completed.
      Section 4.02. The arrangement covered by this Agreement may be
terminated by either party upon three (3) months prior notice
thereof in writing. Upon such termination, unless the parties hereto
agree on another course of action: (a) any agreement entered into
between the Association, consultants, and/or third parties shall not
be affected by the termination and the Association shall be entitled
to continue withdrawals from the T-Account in respect of such
agreements as if this arrangement had not been so terminated; and
(b) any balance in the T-Account shall be returned to Sweden and the
Association's functions pursuant hereto shall be considered
terminated. Promptly after termination, the Association shall
furnish to Sweden a final report and a financial statement of the T-
Account.
                             ARTICLE V
                           Miscellaneous
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made hereunder shall be in writing. Such notice or
request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or mail, telephone, telex or rapifax to
the party to which it is required or permitted to be given or made
at such party's address, hereinafter specified or at such other
address as such party shall have designated by notice to the party
giving notice or making such request. The addresses so specified
are:
      For Sweden:
            Swedish International Development Authority
            S-105-25 Stockholm
            Sweden
      For IDA:
            Agriculture and Environment Division
            Country Department 2
            Africa Region
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names as of the day and year first above
written.
                  KINGDOM OF SWEDEN
Page  4
                  By /s/ Carin Norberg
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Olivier Lafourcade
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
