Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2561 VN
               (Agricultural Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                   VIET NAM BANK FOR AGRICULTURE
                        Dated March 3, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2561 VN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 3, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and VIET NAM BANK FOR
AGRICULTURE (VBA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Socialist Republic of Viet Nam (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty nine
million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 69,400,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that VBA agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B) by a financing agreement to be entered into between the
Page  2
Borrower and VBA, a portion of the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
VBA on the terms and conditions set forth in said Financial
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS VBA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of VBA
      Section 2.01. (a) VBA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts B and C.1 of the Project and conduct its operations and
affairs in accordance with sound financial standards and
administrative, banking and managerial practices, with qualified
management and personnel, and in accordance with the Statute and the
Operations Policy Manual, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for such
purposes.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section and except as the Association and VBA shall otherwise
agree, VBA shall carry out Parts B and C.1 of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 3
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) VBA undertakes that, unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans shall be made in accordance with
the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred
to in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   VBA shall exercise its rights in relation to each Rubber
Rehabilitation Sub-project and Smallholder Sub-Project in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Association and of
VBA; (ii) comply with its obligations under this Agreement and the
Financing Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts B.2 and C.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. VBA shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, and maintenance, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Parts B and C.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.05. VBA shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Financing Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, VBA shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Financing Agreement or any provision thereof.
Page  3
      Section 2.06. (a) VBA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts B and C.1 of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Financing Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   VBA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts B and C.1 of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by VBA of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Financing Agreement.
      Section 2.07. (a) VBA shall implement the Institutional
Development Program, in a manner satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   VBA shall prepare and furnish to the Association for its
concurrence a revised operations policy manual establishing policies
and procedures for VBA's credit operations under Parts B.1 and C.1
of the Project and thereafter adopt and apply such manual.
      (c)   Thereafter, VBA shall not revise the Operations Policy
Manual or the Institutional Development Program without the prior
concurrence of the Association.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) VBA shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts B and C.1 of
the Project and of each Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project and each
Smallholder Sub-Project (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of VBA.
      (b)   VBA shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case, not later than nine months
                   after the end of each such year, (A) certified
                   copies of its financial statements for such year
                   as so audited and (B) the report of such audit
                   by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   VBA shall furnish to the Association, no later than
December 31, 1994, the report of an initial audit of VBA's financial
statements covering VBA's fiscal years 1992 and 1993. Such audit
shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
(b) of this Section.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of VBA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
            (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify VBA of
this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      For VBA:
            4 Trung Tu Street
            Dong Da, Hanoi
            Viet Nam
                                           Telex:
                                                 411-322 VBA-VT
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of VBA may be taken or executed by its General
Director or its First Deputy General Director or such other person
Page  5
or persons as the General Director shall designate in writing, and
VBA shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Hanoi, Socialist Republic of
Viet Nam, as of the day and year first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             By /s/ Calllisto Madavo
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                             VIET NAM BANK FOR AGRICULTURE
                             By /s/ Pham Van Thuc
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
                           of Sub-loans
1.    (a)   Smallholder Sub-loans shall be made in Dong, have a
maturity period of up to one year for seasonal inputs, and one to
five years for medium-term on-farm investments, including an
appropriate period of grace, and bear interest at an annual rate of
at least VBA's weighted average cost of borrowings plus a margin to
adequately cover VBA's cost of making and collecting the Smallholder
Sub-loans, all determined in a manner satisfactory to the
Association.
      (b)   Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-loans shall be made in Dollars
with a maturity period not to exceed 15 years, including a maximum
grace period of five years, bear interest at an annual rate equal to
the London Interbank offered rate (LIBOR) for 6 month dollar rate,
plus a margin to adequately cover the costs of making and collecting
the Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-loans, determined in a manner
satisfactory to the Association, and a commitment charge on the
principal amount of the Sub-loan not withdrawn from time to time at
the rate set forth pursuant to Section 2.04 of the Development
Credit Agreement, and with the foreign exchange risk to be borne by
the Sub-borrower.
      (c)   For Smallholder Sub-loans with a maturity of up to one
year, interest rates shall be fixed at the time of making the Sub-
loan, and for Smallholder Sub-loans with a maturity of more than one
year, the interest rate shall be a variable rate reset semi-annually
by VBA in a manner satisfactory to the Association. For Rubber
Rehabilitation Sub-loans, interest rates shall be fixed at the time
of making the Sub-loan and thereafter adjusted once every five years
to reflect the current referenced rate and margin, in a manner
satisfactory to the Association.
      (d)   Smallholder Sub-loans with maturities greater than one
year shall be based on an appraisal made by VBA to demonstrate the
technical, economic and environmental soundness and financial
viability of the Smallholder Sub-project, all in accordance with the
Operations Policy Manual.
      (e)   Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-loans shall be made by VBA on
the basis of a proposed Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project approved
by MAFI on the basis of an appraisal made by GRC of the technical,
Page  6
economic and environmental soundness and financial viability of the
proposed Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project, all in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Without limitation to the proviso set forth in paragraph 3 (a)
of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement, no expenditures
for goods, civil works or services required for a Rubber
Rehabilitation Sub-project and Smallholder Sub-project shall be
eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Credit unless:
      (a)   the Sub-loan for such Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project
or Smallholder Sub-project, shall have been approved by the
Association and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than ninety days prior to the date on which the Association shall
have received the application and information required under
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan; or
      (b)   the Sub-loan for the Smallholder Sub-project shall have
been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Association has authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account and such expenditures shall have
been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Association shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such
free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of the Development Credit
Agreement and this Agreement, a free-limit Sub-loan shall be a Sub-
loan for Smallholder Sub-project in an amount to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit which shall not exceed the sum of $20,000
equivalent when added to any other outstanding amounts financed or
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit for such
Smallholder Sub-project.
3.    (a)   When presenting a Smallholder Sub-loan exceeding
$20,000 equivalent or a Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-loan to the
Association for approval, VBA shall furnish to the Association an
application, in form satisfactory to the Association, together with:
(i) a description of the Sub-borrower, and an appraisal and approval
of the Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project or Smallholder Sub-Project
made by GRC/MAFI or VBA, as the case may be, including a description
of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan; and (iii)
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request for authorization to make withdrawals from
the Credit Account in respect of a free-limit Sub-loan shall
contain: (i) a summary description of the Sub-borrower and the
Smallholder Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; and (ii)
the terms and conditions of the Smallholder Sub-loan, including the
schedule of amortization thereof.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Association on or before June 30, 1997.
4.    Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby VBA shall obtain, by
written contract with the Sub-borrower, or by other appropriate
legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of the
Association and VBA, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Sub-borrower to carry out and operate the
Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project or the Smallholder Sub-Project, as
the case may be, with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance
with sound technical, financial and managerial standards and to
maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit under a Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-
loan shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
2 to this Agreement; (ii) the goods and services to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit under a Smallholder Sub-loan shall be
Page  7
purchased at a reasonable price, account being taken of other
relevant factors such as delivery, efficiency and reliability of
goods and quality of services; and (iii) such goods and services
shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Rubber
Rehabilitation Sub-project or Smallholder Sub-Project, as the case
may be;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Association if the Association shall so request, such goods and
the sites, works, plants and construction included in the Rubber
Rehabilitation Sub-project and Smallholder Sub-Project, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) each Rubber Company shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against such
risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Sub-borrower to replace or repair such goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association or VBA
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the Sub-
borrower and to the benefits to be derived from the Rubber
Rehabilitation Sub-project and Smallholder Sub-Project;
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Sub-borrower to
the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such Sub-
borrower to perform its obligations under its contract with VBA; and
      (g)   the obligation of each Rubber Company to:
            (i)    maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect
            in accordance with sound accounting practices the
            operations, resources and expenditures in respect of its
            respective Rubber Rehabilitation Sub-project;
            (ii)   have the records and accounts referred to in sub-
            paragraph (i) of this paragraph including those for the
            Special Account for each fiscal year audited, in
            accordance with appropriate auditing principles
            consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
            to the Association and VBA;
            (iii)  furnish to VBA, as soon as available, but in any
            case not later than nine months after the end of each
            such year, a certified copy of the report of such audit
            by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
            VBA shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iv)   furnish to VBA such other information concerning
            said records, accounts and the audit thereof as VBA
            shall from time to time reasonably request.
                            SCHEDULE 2
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
                                for
                 Parts B.2 and C.1 of the Project
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Page  8
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price.  Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part
A, VBA shall ensure that use of the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project.  Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, VBA shall ensure the use of bidding documents
based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with
the Association.
2.    Bidders for supply of rubber processing equipment shall be
prequalified as provided in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Socialist
Republic of Viet Nam may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55
and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works shall be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association, except that civil works
up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $200,000 may be carried out
by the respective Rubber Company through force account.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $500,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
Part D: Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2  hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to the first contracts for the procurement
of goods and works, respectively, and for each subsequent contract
estimated to cost the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such
Page  9
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist VBA in carrying out Part B.2 of the
Project, VBA shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association.  Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.  For
complex, time-based assignments, VBA shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Association.  Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, VBA shall use other standard
forms agreed with the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                      Implementation Program
1.    VBA shall establish and thereafter maintain a project
coordinating unit for carrying out Parts B and C.1 of the Project,
with composition, funding and responsibilities acceptable to the
Association, and with competent staff in adequate numbers.
2.    VBA shall carry out the training under Part B.2 of the Project
in accordance with a program satisfactory to the Association.
