Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3282 IND
                (Fertilizer Restructuring Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                 P.T. PETROKIMIA GRESIK (PERSERO)
                      Dated January 16, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3282 IND
                     GRESIK PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 16, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and P.T. PETROKIMIA
GRESIK (PERSERO) (hereinafter called Gresik).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred twenty-one million seven hun-
dred thousand dollars ($221,700,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Gresik
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Gresik, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to Gresik on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Gresik Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Gresik, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General Condi-
tions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth, and the following additional term has the following meaning:
      (a)   "Environmental Management Plan" means specific
guidelines setting out the basic design and operating requirements
for mitigating environmental effects caused by Gresik's existing and
future investments.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. Gresik declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate adminis-
trative, financial, engineering and environmental practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Part A
of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, engineering services and licenses, and
consultants' services required for Part A of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Gresik shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of this Agreement and Part A of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. Gresik shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Gresik Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, Gresik shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Gresik Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Gresik shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part A
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Gresik Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Gresik shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Part A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by Gresik of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Gresik Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. Gresik shall, not later than November 30, 1991,
develop and, thereafter, implement an Environmental Management Plan,
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.07. Gresik shall, for the purpose of implementation
of its modernization subproject, furnish to the Bank, not later than
June 30, 1992, for the Bank's review and approval: (i) a subproject
appraisal report, and (ii) an environmental impact assessment of the
subproject.
Page  3
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of Gresik
      Section 3.01. Gresik shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and environmental practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Gresik shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
industrial and environmental practices.
      Section 3.03. Gresik shall take out and maintain with re-
sponsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Gresik shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   Gresik shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                   cerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Gresik thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Gresik thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
Page  4
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For Gresik:
            PT. Petrokimia Gresik (Persero)
            Jl. Jenderal Akhmad Yani, Gresik
            East Java
            Indonesia
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   PETROKIMIA GRESIK         31477 PETROG IA
                                             31012 PETROG IA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Gresik may be taken or executed by the
President Director or such other person or persons as the President
Director shall designate in writing, and Gresik shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several coun-
terparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collectively
but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By /s/ Russell J. Cheetham
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                               P.T. PETROKIMIA GRESIK (PERSERO)
                               By /s/ A. S. Achjadi
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  5
                              SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Equipment and Materials, and
            Engineering Services and Licenses
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Equipment and materials, and engineering services and licenses
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with pro-
cedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of equipment and materials in accordance
with the procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Indonesia may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Proprietary equipment estimated to cost in the aggregate an
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $11,700,000, may be procured
by direct negotiations with original suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines.
2.    Equipment and materials estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $400,000 per contract, up to an aggregate of
$18,600,000, may be procured under contracts awarded through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of bids invited from a list of at least three qualified
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (ex-
cluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56, thereof); provided,
however, that equipment and materials estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate of
$9,700,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for equipment and mate-
rials estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, and
each contract for engineering services and licenses, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 of the Guidelines
shall apply.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist Gresik in carrying out Part A.1 of the
Project, Gresik shall, not later than May 1, 1991, employ consul-
tants whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    In order to assist Gresik in carrying out Part A.2 of the
Project, Gresik shall, not later than May 1, 1991, employ consul-
tants whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
Page  6
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    The above referenced consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
