Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                    JAPANESE GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3282-IND
                (Fertilizer Restructuring Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                  as Administrator of Grant Funds
                         provided by JAPAN
                        Dated March 8, 1991
                    JAPANESE GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3282-IND
                     JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 8, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA
(the Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) acting as Administrator (the Administrator)
of grant funds provided by JAPAN (Japan).
      WHEREAS (A) pursuant to a Loan Agreement (Fertilizer Restruc-
turing Project), dated January 16, 1991, between the Recipient and
the Bank (the IBRD Loan Agreement), the Bank has agreed to extend to
the Recipient a loan in an amount in various currencies equivalent
to two hundred twenty-one million seven hundred thousand dollars
($221,700,000) to assist in the financing of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to the IBRD Loan Agreement (the Project);
      WHEREAS (B) pursuant to a letter agreement dated July 30, 1990
between Japan and the Bank and International Development Association
(the Association), Japan has requested the Bank and the Association,
and the Bank and the Association have agreed, to administer grant
funds to be made available by Japan for the financing of certain
Page  2
programs and projects supported by the Bank and the Association, as
the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of such letter
agreement;
      WHEREAS (C) Japan, out of said grant funds, has approved a
grant (the Grant) to the Recipient to assist the Recipient in
carrying out Part C (i) of the Project on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. (a) The following provisions of the General
Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements of the Bank,
dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in paragraph
(b) of this Section (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement:
            (i)   Article I;
           (ii)   Sections 2.01 (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), (8), (9),
                  (10), (11), (18) and (20), 2.02 and 2.03;
           (iii)  Section 3.01;
           (iv)   Section 4.01 and the first sentence of
                  Section 4.09;
            (v)   Article V;
           (vi)   Sections 6.01, 6.02 (a), (c), (d), (e), (f), (i)
                  and (k), 6.03, 6.04 and 6.06;
          (vii)   Section 8.01 (b);
         (viii)   Sections 9.01 (a) and (c), 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
                  9.07, 9.08 and 9.09;
           (ix)   Sections 10.01, 10.03 and 10.04; and
            (x)   Article XI.
      (b)   The General Conditions shall be modified as follows:
            (i)   the term "Bank", wherever used in the General
                  Conditions, other than in Sections 2.01 (8) and
                  6.02 (f) thereof and the last use of such term in
                  Section 5.01 thereof, means the International
                  Bank for Reconstruction and Development acting as
                  Administrator of the Grant pursuant to the letter
                  agreement between Japan and the Bank and the
                  Association referred to in Recital (B) of this
                  Agreement, except that in Section 6.02, the term
                  "Bank" shall also include the International Bank
                  for Reconstruction and Development acting in its
                  own capacity;
           (ii)   the term "Borrower", wherever used in the General
                  Conditions, means the Recipient;
          (iii)   the term "Loan Agreement", wherever used in the
                  General Conditions, means this Agreement except
                  that in Section 6.02 (a), the term "Loan Agree-
                  ment" means the IBRD Loan Agreement;
           (iv)   the term "Loan", wherever used in the General
                  Conditions, means the Grant;
            (v)   the term "Loan Account", wherever used in the
Page  3
                  General Conditions means the Grant Account, an
                  account opened by the Administrator on its books
                  in the name of the Recipient to which the amount
                  of the Grant is credited; and
           (vi)   Section 4.01 shall be modified to read:
                        "Withdrawals from the Grant Account shall
                  be made in yen; provided, however, that if the
                  expenditures to be financed out of the Grant have
                  been paid or are payable in another currency, the
                  Administrator shall, at the request of the Recip-
                  ient, purchase such currency with the proceeds of
                  such withdrawal."
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions, in the Recitals to this Agreement and in the IBRD Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth; and the
terms "yen" and "\1a" mean the currency of Japan.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to make available to
the Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in this Agreement, the Grant in an amount of fifty-six million yen
(\1a56,000,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Grant may be withdrawn from
the Grant Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement, as such Schedule may be amended from time to time by
agreement between the Recipient and the Administrator, for expendi-
tures made (or, if the Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the Grant.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, services to be financed out of the Grant shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1992 or such
later date as the Administrator shall establish. The Administrator
shall promptly notify the Recipient of such later date.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
Articles III, IV and V of the IBRD Loan Agreement, including the
Schedules referred to therein, are hereby incorporated into this
Agreement with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth herein, it being understood that all references in said
Articles to the "Bank" shall be deemed to be references to the Bank
as Administrator of the Grant under this Agreement, all references
to the "Borrower" shall be deemed to be references to the Recipient,
and all references to the "Loan" and the "Loan Account" shall be
deemed to be references to the Grant and the Grant Account,
respectively.
                            ARTICLE IV
                           Effectiveness
      Section 4.01. (a) This Agreement shall become effective upon
the Effective Date of the IBRD Loan Agreement, and the Administrator
shall promptly notify the Recipient of such date.
      (b)   This Agreement and all obligations of the parties hereto
shall terminate if the IBRD Loan Agreement shall terminate pursuant
Page  4
to Section 12.04 of the General Conditions for failure to become
effective.
      Section 4.02. Subject to Section 4.01 (b) of this Agreement,
this Agreement shall continue in effect until the Grant has been
fully disbursed and the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled
their obligations hereunder.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Representation
      Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance of the Recipient is
designated as representative of the Recipient for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Recipient:
            Minister of Finance
            c/o Directorate General of Budget
            Jalan Lagamgan Banteng Tumur 2-4
            P.O. Box 139
            Jakarta, Indonesia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINMINISTRY               44319 DEPKEU-IA
                  JAKARTA                   45799 DJLMN-IA
      For the Administrator:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names as of the day and year first above
written.
                  REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA
                  By /s/ A. S. Achjadi
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  as Administrator of the Grant
                  By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
Page  5
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                           SCHEDULE 1
                      Withdrawal of the Grant
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the Grant, the allocation of the amounts of the
Grant to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items
so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                          Grant Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed          Expenditures
      Category                in Yen)           to be Financed
(1)   Consultants           56,000,000          100%
                            __________
            TOTAL           56,000,000
                            ==========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of the IBRD Loan Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                     Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Recipient in carrying out Part C (i) of
the Project, the Recipient shall employ consultants whose qualifica-
tions, experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Administrator. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Administrator on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
