Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2676-SLU
                   Development Credit Agreement
                 (Basic Education Reform Project)
                              between
                            SAINT LUCIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 23, 1995
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2676-SLU
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 23, 1995, between SAINT LUCIA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) to provide additional
assistance towards the financing of the Project and by an agreement
of even date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank (the Loan
Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to provide such assistance in an
aggregate principal amount equivalent to three million three hundred
and sixty four thousand Dollars ($3,364,000) (the Loan);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association intend, to the extent
practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit provided for in this
Agreement be disbursed on account of expenditures in respect of the
Project before disbursements of the proceeds of the Loan are made;
and
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Caribbean
Development Bank (CDB) financing (the CDB Financing) in an amount
equivalent to about three million Dollars ($3,000,000) to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
Page  2
Agreement (the CDB Financing Agreement) to be entered into between
the Borrower and CDB;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Consultants for Civil Works" means the firms hired to
prepare or review architectural designs, and to prepare tenders and
administer the contracts related to the execution of civil works
procured under the provisions of this Agreement;
      (b)   "DMU" means MOE's data management unit referred to in
Section 3.07 of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Education Strategy Letter" means the Borrower's
strategy set forth in a letter to be provided to the Association
pursuant to Section 6.01 (a) of this Agreement, describing: (i) a
reform strategy, satisfactory to the Association, for the Borrower's
education sector; and (ii) priority actions' satisfactory to the
Association, to be taken to effect such reform;
      (d)   "ETX" means MOE's educational testing and examinations
unit referred to in Section 3.06 of this Agreement;
      (e)   "Loan Agreement" means the Agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the Project, as such
Agreement may be amended from time to time; and such term includes
the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements"
of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such Agreement,
and all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan Agreement;
      (f)   "MOE" means the Borrower's Ministry responsible for the
portfolio of Education;
      (g)   "PMU" means the Project management unit referred to in
Section 3.05 of this Agreement;
      (h)   "Project Implementation Manual" means the manual,
satisfactory to the Association, containing the procedures for
implementation of the Project, including, inter alia: (i)
organization arrangements; (ii) operational procedures; (iii)
disbursement and procurement arrangements; (iv) financial management
and control arrangements; (v) terms of reference for internal and
external audits; (vi) terms of reference for all PMU staff; (vii)
eligibility criteria for fellowship candidates; (viii) monitoring
and evaluation indicators for assessment of Project implementation
performance; and (ix) standard bidding documents and letters of
invitation to consultants;
      (i)   "SALCC" means Sir Arthur Lewis Community College, the
Borrower's institution of higher education;
      (j)   "Selected Primary School Facilities" means the primary
schools identified for priority action within the inventory carried
out by the Borrower in the month of October, 1994, to determine the
Page  3
physical condition of all existing primary schools in the Borrower's
territory; and
      (k)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to two million
three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 2,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in the National
Commercial Bank of Saint Lucia on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association, including appropriate protection against set-
off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
May 1, 2005 and ending November 1, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on November 1, 2014 shall be one
Page  4
and one-fourth per cent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Borrower's Minister responsible for the
portfolio of Finance, or such other person or persons as such
Minister shall appoint in writing, are designated to act as
representatives of the Borrower for the purpose of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency in accordance with the Project
Implementation Manual, and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, educational and environmental practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, the Borrower shall allocate each year in its annual
budget the equivalent of the following minimum amounts required to
finance Project expenditures: (i) $4,072,000 in 1995; (ii)
$6,590,000 in 1996; (iii) $1,368,000 in 1997; (iv) $468,000 in 1998;
and (v) $338,000 in 1999;
      (c)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, the Borrower shall: (i) open, and thereafter operate
and maintain in a bank acceptable to the Association, an account
(the Project Account) under terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, for purposes of depositing in such account the
Borrower's counterpart funds for the implementation of the civil
works to be carried out under the Project; and (ii) maintain in the
Project Account, at all times during Project implementation, a
positive balance equal to at least: (A) $270,000 in 1995; (B)
$455,000 in 1996; and (C) $75,000 in 1997.
Page  5
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.06 (a)(iii) of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, not later than March 31 and September 30 of each
year during the execution of the Project, a report of such scope and
detail as the Association may reasonably request on the
implementation of the Project during the six calendar months
preceding such dates. The report of March 31 of each year shall
include, inter alia: (a) an assessment on the overall implementation
progress over the preceding twelve calendar months, including
compliance with the monitoring and evaluation indicators set forth
in the Project Implementation Manual; (b) a budget for Project
implementation during the next succeeding twelve months; and (c) a
listing of the specific planning and policy related studies to be
carried out during the succeeding twelve months, under Part A.1 of
the Project.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   undertake annual reviews of Project implementation with
the Association and the Bank (which may have the participation of
CDB), not later than May 31 of each year during Project
implementation, beginning in 1996. Such reviews shall focus, inter
alia, on compliance with the monitoring and evaluation indicators
referred to in Section 3.03 (a) above. As part of each such review,
the Association may require that the Borrower prepare an action
plan, satisfactory to the Association, to make adjustments in
Project implementation. The Borrower shall furnish such action plan
to the Association no later than one month after the conclusion of
the review in question and shall thereafter carry out such action
plan in accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   undertake a Project implementation mid-term review with
the Association and the Bank (which may have the participation of
CDB), not later than September 30, 1997. During such mid-term
review, attention shall particularly focus on the: (i) overall
achievement of the Project objectives; (ii) adequacy of available
and planned Project financing; (iii) compliance with the procurement
and disbursement requirements set forth in this Agreement; and (iv)
outcome of the annual audit reports of the records and accounts of
the Project. As part of such review, the Association may require
that the Borrower prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, to make adjustments in Project implementation. The
Borrower shall furnish such action plan to the Association no later
than one month after the conclusion of the review in question and
shall thereafter carry out such action plan in accordance with its
terms.
      Section 3.05. For the purposes of carrying out Part A.4 of the
Project, the Borrower shall, without limitation upon the provisions
of Section 3.01 of this Agreement:
      (a)   establish and maintain a unit (PMU) with functions and
responsibilities satisfactory to the Association which shall
include, inter alia: (i) coordination of the implementation of the
Project; (ii) monitoring and evaluation of the Project; and (iii)
preparation of the reports referred to in Section 3.03 of this
Agreement, processing of documentation required for disbursement of
Credit proceeds and for procurement of goods, works and services
under the Project, and maintenance of the records and separate
accounts referred to in Section 4.01 of this Agreement;
      (b)   ensure that PMU is at all times staffed with at least
a Project manager, an accountant to manage the Project Account and
a procurement officer. The Project manager, the accountant and the
procurement officer shall be full-time professionals with
qualifications satisfactory to the Association, and shall be
Page  6
assisted by clerical staff in adequate numbers; and
      (c)   ensure that PMU is at all times provided with adequate
space to carry out its responsibilities.
      Section 3.06. For the purposes of carrying out Part B.4 of the
Project, the Borrower shall, without limitation upon the provisions
of Section 3.01 of this Agreement:
      (a)   not later than March 31, 1996, establish and maintain
during Project implementation, a unit (ETX) with functions and
responsibilities satisfactory to the Association which shall
include, inter alia, to: (i) evaluate and modify, as appropriate,
current examinations given at the end of primary and lower secondary
education levels; (ii) develop a pilot test and introduce new
examinations at the primary and secondary education levels; and
(iii) develop norms for, and standards of, achievement for primary
and lower secondary education levels;
      (b)   ensure that ETX is at all times staffed with an adequate
number of professionals with qualifications and responsibilities
satisfactory to the Association, assisted by clerical staff in
adequate numbers; and
      (c)   ensure that ETX is at all times provided with adequate
air-conditioned space, satisfactory to the Association, and with the
necessary vehicles to carry out its responsibilities.
      Section 3.07. For the purposes of carrying out Part A.2 of the
Project, the Borrower shall, without limitation upon the provisions
of Section 3.01 of this Agreement:
      (a)   establish and maintain during Project implementation a
unit (DMU) with functions and responsibilities satisfactory to the
Association which shall include, inter alia: (i) collection and
analysis of all statistical data related to the education sector;
and (ii) public dissemination of the data produced in this unit;
      (b)   ensure that DMU is at all times staffed with an adequate
number of professionals with qualifications and responsibilities
satisfactory to the Association, assisted by clerical staff in
adequate numbers; and
      (c)   ensure that DMU is at all times provided with adequate
space to carry out its responsibilities.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall maintain during Project
implementation a Project advisory committee (PAC), established with
representation from MOE, the Ministries of Finance, Planning and
Training, and the Project manager referred to in Section 3.05 (b)
above, to serve as a board of advice and counseling for matters
related to Project implementation.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall ensure that members of the
academic staff of SALCC are designated to receive fellowships under
the Project in order to strengthen the teacher training capabilities
of SALCC.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall comply with the teacher to
student ratios set forth in the Education Strategy Letter for the
Borrower's primary and secondary schools.
      Section 3.11. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the Association,
a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request, for the future operation of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
Page  7
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)   hereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices, taking into
account the Association's comments thereon.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account and Project Account for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than four months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
Page  8
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The CDB Financing Agreement shall have failed to become
effective by April 30, 1996, or such later date as the Association
may agree; provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph
shall not apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
the Association that adequate funds for the Project are available to
the Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions consistent
with the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      (b)   (i) Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph: (A)
the right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds of the CDB
Financing shall have been suspended, cancelled or terminated in
whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of the CDB Financing
Agreement; or (B) the CDB Financing shall have become due and
payable prior to the agreed maturity thereof; (ii) Subparagraph (i)
of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower establishes to the
satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such suspension,
cancellation, termination or prematuring is not caused by the
failure of the Borrower to perform any obligation under such
Agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the Project are available to
the Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions consistent
with the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of 90 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower subject to the proviso therein included;
and
      (b)   that any event specified in paragraph (b) (i) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (b)(ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the Association has received the Education Strategy
Letter;
      (b)   that PMU and DMU have been established as provided in
Sections 3.05 and 3.07 of this Agreement, respectively;
      (c)   that the Project Account has been opened and an amount
equivalent to not less than $270,000 has been deposited therein;
      (d)   that the Project Implementation Manual has been issued
by the Borrower and has become effective; and
      (e)   that all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of
the Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than that related to
the effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project
Implementation Manual is in full force and effect.
      Section 6.03. The date of June 21, 1995 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
Page  9
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister responsible for the portfolio of Finance of
the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Permanent Secretary
            Ministry of Planning, Development and
              Environment
            P.O. Box 709
            Gastries, St. Lucia
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  PRIME MINISTER                  3416243 SLUPM
                  St. Lucia
                                                Telefax:
                                                  (809) 452-2506
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                     248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.             82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        SAINT LUCIA
                        By /s/ Edsel Edmunds
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
Page  10
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
                          and of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit and of the Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount          Amount
                       of the          of the
                       Credit           Loan            % of
                      Allocated       Allocated       Expendi-
                     (Expressed      (Expressed         tures
                       in SDR         in Dollar         to be
     Category        Equivalent)     Equivalent)      Financed
(1) Civil Works:
     (a) Construc-     790,000        1,173,000       64%
         tion and
         refurbish-
         ing of
         schools and
         offices
     (b) Rehabilita-   120,000          179,000       75%
         tion and
         repair of
         primary
         schools
(2)  Goods:
     (a) Other than
         basic text-
         books         760,000        1,132,000       100% of
                                                      foreign
                                                      expendi-
                                                      tures and
                                                      100% of
                                                      local expen-
                                                      ditures (ex-
                                                      factory
                                                      cost)
     (b) Basic          30,000           36,000       100%
         Text-
         books
(3)  Technical
     Assistance:
     (a) Consul-       210,000          308,000       100%
         tants'
         services
     (b) Fellow-       200,000          290,500       100%
         ships and
         study tours
(4)  Unallocated       190,000          245,500
                     _________        _________
       TOTAL         2,300,000        3,364,000
                     =========        =========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Page  11
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed SDR450,000 equivalent may be made on account of payments made
for expenditures before that date but after November 3, 1994;
      (b)   payments made for expenditures made under Category (3)
(b) of the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, unless the
candidates selected to receive the fellowships and the selected
training programs were agreed to by the Association before the
fellowships were awarded;
      (c)   payments made under Category (3) (b) of the table in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, for expenditures made for fellowships
at the undergraduate level in the subjects of science and education
and mathematics and education;
      (d)   payments made for expenditures made under Category (1)
(b) of the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule which shall exceed
the amount of $100,000 equivalent; and
      (e)   payments made for expenditures made for civil works
estimated to cost less than $100,000 per contract, unless the
documentation, designs and specifications of such civil works have
been reviewed and approved by the Consultants for Civil Works.
3.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures under contracts for goods or works estimated to cost
less than $25,000 equivalent per contract.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to increase the efficiency and
effectiveness of the Borrower's education sector, as well as the
equity of access to educational opportunities, through: (a)
strengthening MOE's institutional capabilities in planning,
analyzing and managing the sector; (b) improving the quality of
basic education; and (c) expanding access to secondary education.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     MOE's Planning and Institutional Strengthening
1.    Strengthening of MOE's planning, analysis, management and
development functions, including reorganization of MOE's planning
unit, and conduct of planning and policy related studies.
2.    Development of the first phase of an integrated education data
system to provide basic education statistics and financial and
personnel information on the Borrower's education sector.
3.    Modernization of the education system administration and
management.
4.    Establishment of a permanent project development and
management capacity within MOE.
Part B:     Education Quality Improvement
1.    Improvement of teacher training at the basic education level
and revised and intensified in-service teacher training.
2.    Formulation and adoption of improved curricula and continuous
evaluation thereof, and upgrading of related instructional equipment
and materials, especially in the core subjects of science,
mathematics, language arts and social studies.
3.    Institution of more cost-effective methods of selection,
production, procurement and distribution of educational materials,
Page  12
including textbooks.
4.    Establishment of educational testing and measurement capacity
in MOE to monitor student and education system performance.
5.    Building of the capacity of the district level school
supervisory services to better monitor and assist primary and
secondary schools in performance assessment of teachers and
principals and in the conduct of in-service training in school
management and effective school operations.
Part C:     Expansion of Access to Education
1.    Construction of three new secondary schools in areas that are
presently unserved and replacement of one secondary school.
2.    Rehabilitation of Selected Primary School Facilities.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to and
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete the
evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and award the
contract. The bid validity period may be extended a second time only
if the bidding documents or the request for extension shall provide
for appropriate adjustment of the bid price to reflect changes in
the cost of inputs for the contract over the period of extension.
Such an increase in the bid price shall not be taken into account in
the bid evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to
the Association's prior review, the Association's prior approval
will be required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity
period if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days; and (ii)
any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Association, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Association, the Borrower shall
use bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
more but less than the equivalent of $500,000 per contract, up to
an aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
2.    School furniture and equipment other than computer hardware
Page  13
equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or more but
less than the equivalent of $150,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $200,000, respectively, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Textbooks and other educational materials, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $440,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers from different countries, eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
4.    Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$470,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
contractors eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
5.    School furniture and equipment other than computer hardware
equipment estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $25,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $30,000,
respectively, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
6.    Office supplies and other office items, or packages of office
supplies and other office items, estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $390,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers from different countries, eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association and the Bank of Procurement
            Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract to be awarded
pursuant to the provisions of Part A of this Section; and (ii) each
contract to be awarded pursuant to the provisions of Parts B.1 and
B.2 of this Section estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are
to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
Page  14
      (d)   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants, including the Consultants for
Civil Works, whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Association
in August 1981. For complex, time-based assignments, the Borrower
shall employ such consultants under contracts using the standard
form of contract for consultants' services issued by the
Association, with such modifications as shall have been agreed by
the Association. Where no relevant standard contract documents have
been issued by the Association, the Borrower shall use other
standard forms agreed with the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories 1, 2 and
3 set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or
the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account or
the Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation shall
be limited to an amount equivalent to $250,000 until the aggregate
amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account plus the total amount
of all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions shall
be equal to or exceed the equivalent of $1,000,000.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
Page  15
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account or the Loan Account and deposit into the
                   Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement or from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement and
Article V of the General Conditions applicable thereto; or
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section 4.01 (b)
(ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said Section in respect of
the audit of the records and accounts for the Special Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified the
Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part the right
of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit Account or the
Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
applicable General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the
Loan allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association or
the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the respective General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account and the Loan Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Page  16
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association
or the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into
the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund
to the Association or the Bank such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association or the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association or the Bank made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Credit Account or the Loan Account, as the case may be, for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement, including the General Conditions applicable thereto.
