Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 4067 TH
                             Guarantee Agreement
                       Fixed Rate Single Currency Loan
             (Distribution Automation and Reliability Improvement
                                   Project)
                                   between
                             KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                                AND DEVELOPMENT
                          Dated September 27, 1996
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 4067 TH
                           GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated September 27, 1996, between KINGDOM OF THAILAND
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
     WHEREAS:  (A) the Guarantor and Provincial Electricity Authority
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank
and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan
in an amount of one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000), on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower
in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements for Single Currency Loans" of the Bank, dated May
Page  2
30, 1995, with the modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan
Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several
terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                              ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely,
the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other
charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor specifically undertakes,
whenever there is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures
required for the carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements,
satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed to meet such
expenditures.
                                ARTICLE III
                              Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Article II of this Agreement, the Guarantor:
     (a)  shall direct and supervise the implementation of Parts C and
D.2 of the Project; and
     (b)  shall direct and supervise the study and the development of
the Transmission Rationalization Action Plan, in accordance with para-
graphs 3 (a) and (b) of Part B of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.02.  Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Article II of this Agreement, and except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Guarantor shall carry out a periodic review of the Borrower's
electricity tariffs and take such measures (including, but without
limitation, adjustments of the structure or levels of electricity tariffs
of the Borrower) as shall be necessary to produce for the Borrower suf-
ficient revenues to ensure that the Borrower shall comply with its cash
generation, rate of return and debt/equity ratio obligations pursuant to
Sections 5.02, 5.03 and 5.04 of the Loan Agreement, respectively.
                                ARTICLE IV
               Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Ministry of Finance
          Rama VI Road
          Bangkok 10400
          Thailand
Page  3
          Cable address:                   Telex:
              MINANCE                      82823 FISPOLO TH
              Bangkok
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
              and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                   Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                   248423 (MCI), or
               Washington, D.C.             64145 (MCI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in
their respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                           KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                           By /s/ Nitya Pibulsonggram
                                               Authorized Representative
                           INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                           By /s/ Russell Cheetham
                                                 Regional Vice President
                                                   East Asia and Pacific
