Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3167 POL
                  Guarantee Agreement
      (Agroindustries Export Development Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated February 22, 1990
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT,  dated February  22, 1990, between
REPUBLIC OF POLAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
    WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the National Bank of Poland (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred million
dollars ($100,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee
such obligations of the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,  the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee, Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01.  The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to tho Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
Page  2
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligatlons of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Wlthout limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly
to provlde the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be provided wlth
such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
            Representative of the Guarantor; Adressess
Section 3.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is designated
as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03
of the General Conditions.
     Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
          For the Guarantor:
               Ministry of Finance
               00 901, Warszawa
               ul. Swietokrzyska 12
               Republic of Poland
               Cable address:                Telex:
                   MINF                           814386 PL
                   Poland
          For the Bank:
               InternatlonAl Bank for
                    Reconstructlon and Development
               1818 H Street, N.W.
               Washington, D.C. 20433
               Unitet States of America
               Cable address:                Telex:
                    INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT),
                    Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                  64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names ln Warsaw, Republic of Poland, as of
the day and year first above written.
                                   REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                                   By  /s/  L. Balcerogicz
                                        Authorized Representative
                                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                   RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                                   By /s/  Barber Conable
                                             President
Page  3
