Report No. PID7287
Project Name                     Gambia,The-Gateway Project   @
Region                           Africa Region
Sector                           Trade Policy Reform
Project ID                       GMPE57394
Borrower(s)                      GOV. OF THE GAMBIA
Implementing Agency
Address DOSTIE
Department of State for Trade,
Industry and Employment
Address: Independence Drive,
Banjul, The Gambia
Contact Person: Yusupha Kah,
Permanent Secretary, DOSTIE
Tel: (220) 22 83 92
Fax: (220) 22 77 56
Email:pstie@qanet.gm
Environment Category             A
Date PID Prepared                January 15, 2002
Projected Appraisal Date         October 2, 2001
Projected Board Date             February 28, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Macroeconomic settingFrom 1986 to 1993, The Gambia had a well-managed
economy, establishing a solid track record on policy reforms aimed at
stabilization. However, a series of adverse external shocks between
1993-96 led to an economic slowdown and loss of per capita income. The
reinforced border control by Senegal in 1993, the CFA franc devaluation in
1994, and the political uncertainty in the aftermath of the July 1994
military coup significantly damaged the re-export trade in The Gambia, the
main source of foreign exchange and government revenues, and affected
private sector confidence in investing in The Gambia.The completion of
presidential and legislative elections in 1997 considerably reduced the
country's political isolation and improved its economic prospects. The
Government took a number of measures to restore economic stability and
began to normalize relations with donors. GDP growth in 1999 amounted to
5.6 percent after several years of stagnation. On March 31, 1998, IDA's
Board approved its first credit to the country (health sector) after a
hiatus of four years. On June 29, 1998, the IMF Board approved a PRGF
program.Given a population growth rate of about 3 percent per annum, the 5
percent average annual GDP growth during the last decade has not been
enough to significantly reduce poverty levels. It is estimated that an
annual GDP growth rate of 8-10 percent would be required for a significant
poverty reduction. In order to achieve the level of economic activity
needed to reach the targeted growth rate, The Gambia must consciously
develop and consolidate its "competitive advantages" and cater to export
markets.Potential for export-oriented growthThe Gambian economy has long
been primed by the re-export trade, groundnut exports, and tourist



industry. On average, the re-export sector has accounted for about 15
percent of GDP, 20 percent of fiscal revenue, and 85 percent of all
exports. The country has traditionally been a magnet for traders in the
immediate sub-region for re-exported commodities, as well as for
nontraditional exports. The Port of Banjul has served as an entrepot for
re-export to peripheral countries for a limited number of products, such
as textiles, vehicle, rice, tea, and sugar.The Gambia is a member of the
Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), which should
increasingly facilitate intra-regional trade. It has reciprocal trade
agreements with the United Kingdom and Senegal. Because of its
least-developed- country status, The Gambia has preferential access to
markets under the Generalized System of Preference (GSP) and the special
provisions under various Uruguay Round Agreements. Its relative proximity
to major regional markets of Europe and North America offers a major
comparative advantage over East Africa for exports to these markets. The
Gambia is one of only three LDCs certified by the European Union to export
its fish products to Europe.The Gambia's tourist industry has been the
fastest growing sector in the economy. With limited state support, the
industry has grown at an average rate of 4 percent per annum and has been
a significant source of national income (12 percent of GDP). The country
has a wide range of historical and natural tourist attractions. The number
of tourists in 2000 is estimated to have been 125,000, mainly from
Germany, Scandinavia and the UK, with growing potential from Eastern
Europe and "roots-based" tourists from the U.S. market. This is
complemented by a steady flow of visitors throughout the year for business
and international organizations attending conferences. A comprehensive
review of The Gambia's potential for export-oriented growth was carried
out in 1994, and was recently updated by International Development
Ireland, Ltd., Jebel Ali Free Zone Authority, and Sahel Invest Management
International ("Consulting Services for the Gambia Free Zone Development
Strategy," July 2000). This strategy noted that the agribusiness
(primarily fish and agricultural products) and the tourism sectors have
the potential for generating long-term exports and foreign exchange
earnings. The Gambia is also well positioned to build on its traditional
trading and tourist activities to exploit new markets related to
telecommunications and spin-off "cluster" developments. Although the
private sector is small, it is growing and has the potential to expand
rapidly. The strategy also noted that, although The Gambia should build on
its traditional role as a regional center for trade and services, it
cannot continue to depend heavily on transit trade. This is because the
application of WTO rules will progressively reduce the income potential
from regional duties, which the country now collects through re-export
trade transactions. The strategy presents a clear vision for export-based
growth in which The Gambia sets up an environment conducive to building
internationally competitive clusters around the economy's key strengths:
(i) the tourism industry; (ii) the trade and services economy; and (iii)
agribusiness. Focused development of tourism will be a catalyst for
spin-off competitive and value-added industries. It will also promote the
development of the airport, critical air-links, and therefore support the
growth of The Gambia as an international trade and business center. The
Gambia can also reduce its current dependency on re-export services and
capitalize on emerging value-added markets, such as telecommunications and
"teleport" services, for both developed and regional markets. The proposed
strategy will also stimulate local industries with export potential, such
as fish, fresh vegetables, and flowers. Finally, with the establishment of
-2 -



a favorable business environment and dependable infrastructure, future
opportunities exist for minor processing, electronics assembly, and break
bulk operations.Although European countries - namely, UK, Germany, and the
Netherlands - constitute the main target markets for The Gambia, the
development of its trade will be beneficial at the regional level,
allowing neighboring countries - Senegal, Mali, and Guinea - to export
part of their production through the Gambian Gateway. The development of
tourism and re-export activities will also provide an opportunity for
entrepreneurs in neighboring countries to promote handicraft and
traditional garments. The Gateway will also pave the way for an increased
partnership between The Gambia and Senegal in the maritime transport
sector, since a major part of Gambian trade will have to be channeled
through the international port of Dakar to benefit from improved shipping
services to and from Europe.Key constraints and challengesThe Gambia faces
the same challenges as most African countries in attracting private
investment and trade - namely, the perceived lack of a stable and
investor-friendly environment; limited access to markets and resources;
and poor and expensive infrastructure services. Some of these constraints
are summarized below.Institutional framework for trade promotion. Previous
initiatives in promoting private investment were limited in scope because
of the weak institutional capacity and limited budgets in the two
responsible governmental agencies - Departments of State for Trade
Industry and Employment (DOSTIE), and for Finance and Economic Affairs
(DOSFEA). Although updated in June 1999, the Gambia Government Investment
Policy was inadequate because it did not provide incentives for
investment. These issues have now been addressed in the Gambia Investment
Promotion and Free Zones Acts of 2001, which have established the Gambia
Investment Promotion and Free Zone Agency (GIPFZA) and provided incentives
for private investments. As stated in the Acts, the objectives of the
GIPFZA are to promote The Gambia as a trade Gateway and investment haven
and to (i) provide an attractive business environment and incentives for
business activity in Gambia; (ii) be a "one-stop shop" for investors;
(iii) attract, promote, and facilitate investments; and (iv) advise the
Government on investment policy and related matters.Financial sector.
Financial sector interest in commercial or investment ventures is limited
and offers few products and services. Commercial banks give priority to
short-term trade finance and short-term treasury bills. Private sector
development in this environment is difficult. Considerable efforts are
needed to reduce interest rates and strengthen the judicial system,
especially in terms of collateral recovery, in order to create
opportunities for long-term investments. The prospects of broadening the
scope of investments allowed by law for the social security fund, and
creating long-term bond markets should be explored to make long-term
financing available for private sector development.Private sector
development. The private sector in The Gambia is very thin and mostly
limited to informal trading. As noted above, this informal sector has
limited long-term growth potential because of the current trends of WTO
regulations. Since 1994, the tourist industry has been hampered by the
lack of a strategy to attract new and up-scale tourist markets. In
addition, only a few tour operators have dominated this industry.Public
services. The competitiveness and performance of the public sector has
been generally poor, with public enterprises benefiting from their
monopolistic position and their imposition of high tariffs. This is
particularly true for the National Telecommunication company (Gamtel), the
National Water and Electricity Company (NAWEC), and the Gambia Port
-3 -



Authority (GPA). The customs services fall short of the international
standards, and current clearance procedures - although better than in
neighboring countries - are cumbersome.Government strategyOverall vision
and strategy. The Gambia Incorporated Vision 2020 and the Government
Policy Framework Paper (PFP) for the period 1998-2000 outlined visions of
transforming the country from one of the least developed countries in
Sub-Saharan Africa into a middle-income country with a vibrant private
sector open to the world. This goal would be attained by expanding and
deepening a fast-growing tourism sector, increasing productivity and
diversification in agriculture and manufacturing, and developing
internationally linked services - in particular, a Free Zone based on an
improved port and airport and a modern financial center. The strategy will
be implemented on three fronts:Public sector reform The Government
strategy for the public sector focuses on:Improving the structure of
government revenue and expenditure, enabling a reduction in domestic debt
and import tariffsStrengthening the institutional capacity of the public
administrationReforming public administration to foster good governance
and efficiency in providing public servicesSupporting public enterprise
reform and divestitureReforming the energy sector.Private sector promotion
The Government strategy for the private sector concentrates on:Deepening
structural reforms to encourage private sector development and attract
foreign investmentEnhancing the incentive system for the development of
the private sectorStreamlining business regulations and improving the
legal and judicial environment for economic activitiesModernizing
legislation affecting corporations, contracts, partnerships, and business
registrationImproving the Customs & Excise Department and reducing - in
both number and level - the multitude of existing tariffsStrengthening the
financial sector with stronger norms for the commercial banks, and
developing new rural credit institutions and linkages to the regional
stock market.Reputation. Underpinning this development strategy is a
concerted effort to establish a positive image within the international
trade and export community. Given the future limitations on re-export
activities, the approach will be to favor diversification and help bring
about a new set of comparative advantages. These comparative advantages
will focus on "niche" value-added activities that link The Gambia's
economic potential for global market opportunities, and that provide
lasting income and employment benefits. This requires a long-term
perspective to lay a solid foundation for future growth, and will involve
three fundamental objectives: (i) the establishment of The Gambia as a
reliable center for communications services, through the creation of a
"teleport"; (ii) the development of tourism-related "clusters" that
exploit spin-offs from a more focused tourism expansion strategy; and
(iii) the attraction of investments in low-cost manufacturing for regional
markets.
2. Objectives
The development goal of Phase 1 is to lay the foundation for expanded
private investment export-oriented production and employment, through the
establishment of the Free Zone and an improved institutional environment.
This objective will be achieved by: Establishing a self-sustaining Gambia
Investment Promotion and Free Zone Agency (GIPFZA)Marketing and
facilitating local and foreign investments in well-targeted economic
sectorsDeveloping a 10 ha. pilot Free Zone (FZ) at the airport Promoting
privately financed and operated FZ-related businesses, including teleport
servicesHelping the government to implement its divestiture
- 4 -



strategyMitigating any social and/or environmental impacts that could
result from project implementation Preparing the APL 2, including a better
interface between the FZs and the population along the Gambia River.This
goal will also be achieved by supporting on-going efforts from donors in
the following fields:Building business and technical skills among private
and public sector actorsFacilitating administrative procedures for private
enterprise creation, investment, and operations in tourism, trade
services, and agriculture sub-sectorsModernizing ports and airport
services and streamlining customs clearance procedures.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The Bank is uniquely placed to assist the Government in developing an
export-oriented and "pro-private" economic environment. This is based on
the experience within and outside the region, including the Ghana Trade
Investment Gateway Project, Capacity Building Project For Private Sector
in Cape Verde (IDA-financed), Port and Free Port Development Project in
Mauritius, Industrial Free Zone Development Project in the Dominican
Republic, and Private Investment and Export Development Project in Jamaica
(IBRD-financed).The positive outcome of the on-going Ghana Investment and
Trade Gateway Project demonstrates that Africa has the potential to
attract Foreign Direct Investments through a well-designed policy
framework.The Bank's involvement in The Gambia would ensure coordination
between trade sector reform and the overall economic program. The Gambia
Gateway Program will be closely coordinated with the on-going Capacity
Building for Economic Management Project (Credit No. 35550, approved by
the Board on July 26, 2001).IFC and MIGA have been kept informed of
Project preparation. IFC has been approached by the Project team, and is
studying ways in which it can contribute in the form of investment. MIGA
will be approached during project implementation to provide its guarantees
and products to interested developers. These potential contributions
relate to the infrastructure that will be developed by private developers
and operators rather than to the components of the proposed credit.
4. Description
A. Physical Investment for a new Free Zone at the airportThis component
will establish the physical infrastructure necessary for an operational
Free Zone (FZ) at the airport. It includes (i) infrastructure to enable
the Free Zone at the airport, including common users facilities and
utilities; and (ii) consulting services for supervising works.B.
Establishment of GIPFZA.This component will establish the GIPFZA as a
self-sustaining entity that manages the FZs and promotes trade and
investment. It will include (i) operational support to GIPFZA; (ii)
technical assistance; (iii) consulting services to complete and implement
marketing plans and market surveys; (iv) consulting services for
investment promotion; and (v) studies (River-Free Zones Interface, a Trade
& Transport facilitation survey, a Quality Management Systems (QMS) Audit
for the Customs & Excise Department).C. Support to the Gambia Divestiture
AgencyThis component supports the Government agenda for privatization. It
will include (i) technical assistance to support the Government
Divestiture Program; (ii) divestiture safeguarding and monitoring; and
(iii) divestiture consensus building through national and international
camp.D. Capacity-BuildingThis component includes training activities for
both the public and the private sectors directly involved in investment
and Free Zone-related businesses. Training will include quality management
and control processes, the ISO certification concept, and information
- 5 -



about US and European markets' access regulations for products originating
from ACP countries.This component also includes training for GDA as well
as capacity building for the multi-sector regulatory agency.E. Project
Management and ESMPThis component includes funds for (i) overall project
management; and (ii) environmental studies and mitigation measures. The
latter have been spelled out in an Environmental and Social Management
Plan (ESMP), which involves two basic activities:Periodic environmental
and social assessments to ensure environmental and social sustainability
of the Project-funded and of Free Zone developments in general. The ESMP
includes standard requirements and processes for project screening,
consultation, assessment, mitigation, and monitoring of projects and
investments made within the Free Zone jurisdictions. Where applicable,
these will result in industry and activity-specific environmental
management plans (EMPs). The Project will also fund an annual assessment
and update of the ESMP, which will enable GIPFZA and NEA to oversee
environmental and social management related to Free Zone operations and
development. Environmental mitigation measures will include: (i)
mitigation measures funded under the Project related to the development of
the airport Free Zone site, and eventually other Free Zone sites developed
under the Free Zones Act of 2001, but not directly financed by the
Project; and (ii) industry and site-specific mitigation measures related
to the installations within the Free Zones. For the latter, the basic
principle will be the "polluter pays" for environmental and social impact
mitigation, and the Project will focus on strengthening the capacity of
GIPFZA and NEA to implement standard screening, monitoring, and
enforcement procedures.
5. Financing
Total                          ( US$m)
Borrower                          2.13
IDA                              16.00
Total Project Cost               18.13
6. Implementation
Project coordination In order to provide strategic guidance to
implementation agencies during the life of the Project, a Project
Coordination Committee (PCC) will be set up. The PCC will include (i) the
Permanent Secretary of DOSTIE; (ii) the Permanent Secretary of DOSFEA;
(iii) the Chief Executive of GIPFZA; and (iv) the Chief Executive of the
GDA. The administrative secretariat of the PCC will be assigned to a
project coordinator placed under DOSTIE. The procurement functions will be
delegated to each of the implementation agencies. All the financial
management functions of the Project will be carried out by GIPFZA, while
the project coordinator role will be limited to the general administration
of the Project - e.g., monitoring the implementation plan and reporting.
The project coordinator, who will be appointed by DOSTIE, will ensure
overall project coordination and reporting to IDA.Project
implementationGIPFZA will be in charge of implementing all components
related to the Free Zones and infrastructure development in the new Free
Zone at the airport. In addition, it will be responsible for all studies
and training activities related to the Free Zones.The Gambia Divestiture
Agency (GDA) will be in charge of implementing the technical assistance
and training component related to the implementation of the Government
Divestiture Program.Bank supervision and M&E process. IDA and GOC will
jointly conduct semi-annual project reviews, with the implementing agency
- 6 -



to review the implementation of all components, including the status of
procurement and disbursement. A joint IDA-GOG mid-term review will monitor
overall project execution, key project activities, the project
implementation schedule, and supervision plans. They will also identify
implementation issues and develop solutions. Following project completion,
scheduled for October 2006, IDA and GOG will prepare an Implementation
Completion Report (ICR). Consultants, contractors, and suppliers will be
selected in accordance with Bank guidelines. The Bank will carry out
regular supervision missions to assess the progress in project
implementation. During implementation, a periodic review of the project
monitoring indicators will be done, as well as a periodic evaluation of
the triggers, with a view to a timely preparation of the second phase of
the project (APL2).
7. Sustainability
The Project is expected to have a lasting impact on The Gambia's economic
development by reducing the high cost of doing business and increasing The
Gambia's competitiveness in global markets. It will do this through (i)
the reform of the legislative, regulatory, and incentive systems in
"front-line" areas; (ii) institutional strengthening and capacity
building, including skills development in key areas; (iii) development of
new instruments to increase availability of know-how and financing, such
as franchising and PPI; and (iv) country promotion and consensus building.
Although the Free Zones could be built successfully and the capacity
building objectives could be achieved, other problems beyond the scope of
the Project could handicap the FZs from attaining commercial success, such
as global economic recession, social unrest, etc. Hence, it is important
to view this Project as one that removes constraints and creates leverage
for the Government to implement reforms in related sectors, and its
success should be evaluated on that basis.From the environmental point of
view, the Project will incorporate the findings and proposed mitigation
measures from the Environmental Impact Assessment Study and Environment
and Social Management Plan as integral parts of its implementation
program. To ensure the environmental sustainability of the Project,
guidelines for developers and operators will be developed, and periodic
environmental assessments and audits will be conducted for quality
assurance.The Project will be sustainable if: The Government remains
committed to its macroeconomic reforms to ensure macroeconomic stability,
protecting investors from inflation, exchange rate, and interest rate
risksThe Government can implement its divestiture strategyThe Government
is able to create a friendly political environment to attract foreign
investors and propose attractive incentives to find world renowned
developers and operators for the Free ZonesThe institutionalization of a
healthy public-private sector dialogue leads to mutual cooperation and
partnership.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The program design has been modeled on the experience of past similar
projects financed by the Bank (Mauritius, Dominican Republic, and Ghana),
as well as the experience gained in developing Export Processing Zones in
countries like Senegal, Kenya, Cameroon, and Namibia. These experiences
have pointed to a number of key lessons learned, which are summarized
below. Importance of sound policy environmentOne of the most fundamental
lessons learned is that private sector investment projects, including
enclave undertakings such as Export Processing Zones, cannot develop to
- 7 -



their full potential without sound sector policies. Many African
Governments (Senegal, Cameroon) failed to implement Free Zones because of
policy-related problems - such as, an unsafe business environment;
cumbersome regulatory procedures; inefficient institutional structures;
high cost of doing business because of poor infrastructure; labor market
rigidities; and high minimum requirements for investment, employment, or
infrastructure services (electricity, etc.). Public-private
partnershipsDespite these problems, there are a few African EPZ/FPZ
success stories, and a number of lessons emerge from their experiences.
The more notable ones are (i) private sector EPZ development and
management must be encouraged; (ii) private sector provision of
infrastructure services should be encouraged; (iii) true public/private
sector cooperation should be developed, and regulatory processes should be
streamlined; and (iv) programs should have more competitive incentive
packages without crippling provisions, such as minimum investment
requirements.Building a favorable environmentBased on these lessons, the
Project will first concentrate on building a favorable environment for
investment in general and Free Zone development in particular, and will
favor private investments within the Free Zones. The proposed Project is
only the first phase of a more ambitious program. It will therefore keep
physical infrastructure investments well focused and relatively modest in
the first stage in order to encourage private developers to finance
subsequent stages. In addition, the Project will streamline regulatory
processes for private investors through the creation of GIPFZA and the
"one-stop shop" center.Building capacity and donor
collaborationInstitutional strengthening is widely recognized as the key
to sustainability. The record of institution and capacity building
operations has improved in recent years because of greater participation
in project preparation and a greater commitment and ownership of the
Borrower. Nevertheless, The Gambia's institutional capacity is still weak,
and in some cases the Government has been unable to implement its own
policies. This situation has been exacerbated by the project-by-project
approach followed by many donors, with each donor having its own reporting
and monitoring requirements, thereby over-extending the scarce human
resources in the public sector. The Project addresses these weaknesses by
reinforcing the public and private sectors in their revised roles for
promoting investment and export. Technical assistance and training of key
staff in related governmental agencies will be a significant component of
the Project, representing about one-third of the total amount of the
credit. Once these roles are clearly defined, other donors can provide
more effective assistance within a uniform institutional framework.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        An Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) of the
Gateway Project began in May 2000 under the auspices of the EIA Working
Group of the Gateway Project Task Force. During the study, numerous field
and office consultations took place. Specific consultations occurred to
discuss the EIA Inception Report (July 4, 2000) and the Draft Final Report
(September 28, 2000). The final EIA report was submitted in October 2000,
along with a draft Environmental and Social Management Plan (ESMP). In
order to present and discuss publicly these two documents, which were
updated in May 2001, a consultative meeting was held at the Senegambia
Beach Hotel on 26th June 2001. As a follow-up to the consultative meeting,
- 8 -



a three-week public review process was launched in early July 2001. The
documents were placed in all the administrative commissioners offices and
municipalities, as well as at the National Assembly and the National
Library. The NEA then collated the comments from the public and sent them
to the consultants for their Final ESMP Report.The EIA treated five
alternative FZ sites, but finally focused on the two sites chosen in the
IDI/Jebel Ali Free Zone Authority Feasibility Study - the airport site and
the Bund Road site for the port. However, the detailed engineering design
and further environmental investigations revealed that the Bund Road site
was unsuitable because (i) the soil and geotechnical characteristics make
it prone to flooding and unsuitable to support buildings and warehouses at
a reasonable cost; and (ii) this is a potential "RAMSAR" site.
Consequently, the Bund Road site has been dropped from the Project.During
the operations phase, the environmental impacts will depend on the kinds
of economic activities carried out in the FZ. Since these activities have
not been defined, the EIA carried out a broad generic assessment of a
range of activities, such as food and fish processing,
electronics/assembly, cotton spinning, and wood furniture making.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Michel Audige
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202-473-4806
Fax: 202-473-8038
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending Jan. 18, 2001
-9-



