Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2435 SL
                   Development Credit Agreement
            (Public Sector Management Support Project)
                              between
                     REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 27, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2435 SL
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 27, 1993, between the REPUBLIC OF
SIERRA LEONE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIA-
TION (the Association).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
Page  2
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated May 28, 1992 and June 3,
1992 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (c)   "Project Executing Agencies" means the departments or
agencies of the Borrower participating in the Project;
      (d)   "EAD" means the Economic Affairs Division of the
Department of Finance, Development and Economic Planning;
      (e) "SAPS Committee" means the committee referred to in
Section 3.03 (b) of this Agreement;
      (f)   "EPRU" means the Economic Policy and Research Unit
referred to in Part A (1) (d) of the Project;
      (g)   "PERDIC" means the Public Enterprises Reform and
Divestiture Commission referred to in Part B (2) of the Project;
      (h)   "Petroleum Unit" means the Petroleum Unit referred to in
Part B (3) of the Project;
      (i)   "SPPAC" means the Social Policy and Poverty Alleviation
Committee referred to in Part B (4) of the Project;
      (j)   "Technical Advisory Group" means the Technical Advisory
Group referred to in Part B (4) of the Project; and
      (k)   "SAPAU" means the Social Action Policy Alleviation Unit
referred to in Part B (4) of the Project.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to six million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 6,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1998 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not with-
drawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of
June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15, commenc-
ing May 15, 2003 and ending November 15, 2032. Each installment to
and including the installment payable on November 15, 2012 shall be
one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
Page  4
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through the
Project Executing Agencies with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and economic
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall continue to maintain the
Economic Affairs Division (EAD) of the Department of Finance,
Development and Economic Planning in a form and with functions and
staffing satisfactory to the Association and shall assign to EAD
overall responsibility for the administration, coordination and
carrying out of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall continue to maintain its Structural
Adjustment Program Steering Committee (the SAPS Committee) in a form
and with functions, membership and staffing support satisfactory to
the Association. The SAPS Committee shall with the assistance of
EAD:(i) oversee and monitor the carrying out of the Project; and
(ii) review the annual work programs of each of the Project
Executing Agencies before they are furnished to the Association for
its approval.
      (c)   The Borrower shall cause the Project Executing Agencies
to: (i) prepare for their respective components of the Project
annual work programs satisfactory to the Association; and (ii)
furnish the said annual work programs (A) no later than April 15
each year first to the SAPS Committee for its review and comments,
and (B) thereafter no later than May 15 each year to the Association
for its approval.
      (d)   The Borrower shall: (i) jointly with the Association,
carry out in January 1995 a mid-term review of Project implementa-
tion and performance, with particular reference to institutional
development strategy, project scope, implementation arrangements,
training and skills transfer; and (ii) thereafter carry out such
corrective actions as the Borrower and the Association shall
determine in accordance with a time schedule satisfactory to the
Association.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall assign counterpart staff
with qualifications satisfactory to the Association to assist in the
carrying out of assignments under the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall: (i) furnish to the Association for
the Association's review and comments the results of the studies and
reviews on Civil Service reform to be carried out under the Project;
and (ii) prepare an action plan satisfactory to the Association
(including a time table) for the carrying out of the recommendations
of the said studies and reviews.
      (c)   The Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the Associa-
tion: (i) a training program, satisfactory to the Association, for
the training of staff and upgrading of staff skills under the Civil
Service reform components of the Project; and (ii) the details of a
strategy, satisfactory to the Association, to be used in the
carrying out of the training program.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  5
                          Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing princi-
                  ples consistently applied, by independent audi-
                  tors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) a certified copy
                  of the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                  dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, records
                  and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, or cause to be retained, until one year
                  after the Association has received the audit
                  report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  disbursement from the Credit Account was made,
                  all records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the Association by
December 31, 1993: (i) the results and recommendations of the
studies and reviews referred to in Section 3.04 (b) (i) of this
Agreement; and (ii) the action plan referred to in Section 3.04 (b)
(ii) of this Agreement.
Page  6
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions the following additional event is specified, namely, the
event specified in Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                            Termination
      Section 6.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary of State for Finance, Development
and Economic Planning of the Borrower is designated as representa-
tive of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Financial Secretary
            Department of Finance,
              Development and
              Economic Planning
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                        3363 MINFIN SL
                  Freetown
                                                Telefax:
                                                      225353
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
              Cable address:              Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                        By /s/ W. B. Wright
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  7
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ F. J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Equipment, supplies                       100% of foreign
      and vehicles:                             expenditures and
                                                80% of local
                                                expenditures
      (a)  EPRU                   40,000
      (b)  SAPAU                  40,000
      (c)  Others              2,200,000
(2)   Consultant               2,800,000        100%
      services, local
      contract personnel
      and studies
(3)   Training                 1,130,000        100%
(4)   Operating costs            490,000        90%
(5)   Refunding of               200,000        Amount due
      Project Pre-                              pursuant to
      paration                                  Section 2.02
      Advance                                   (c) of this
                                                Agreement
                                ________
           TOTAL               6,900,000
                               =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "operating costs" means incremental operating
costs arising out of the participation of a Project Executing Agency
in the Project including with respect to:
      (i)   the following Project Executing Agencies, namely, PERDIC
and the Petroleum Unit: (A) office rental and renovation costs, (B)
the maintenance costs of vehicles, computer, office furniture and
appliances, and office equipment procured out of the proceeds of the
Credit, (C) field allowances, and incremental salary of local
support staff hired by the agency for purposes of the Project, and
Page  8
(D) cost of fuel for vehicles procured out of the proceeds of the
Credit; and
      (ii)  all Project Executing Agencies (other than PERDIC and
the Petroleum Unit): (A) the maintenance costs of vehicles, computer
and office equipment procured out of the proceeds of the Credit, and
(B) cost of fuel for vehicles procured out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
      (b)   expenditures under Category (1) of a Project Executing
Agency unless: (i) the Project Executing Agency has furnished to the
Association an annual work plan including a training plan satisfac-
tory to the Association in respect of the year of the Project to
which the expenditures relate; and (ii) the Association is satisfied
that the Project Executing Agency concerned has in the year
immediately preceding such year diligently carried out the Project
in accordance with the annual work plan approved by the Association
for such preceding year;
      (c)   expenditures of EPRU under Category (1) unless the
Borrower has appointed the director of EPRU; and
      (d)   expenditures of SAPAU under Category (1) unless the
Borrower has: (i) appointed the members of SPPAC and the Technical
Advisory Group; and (ii) assigned to SAPAU staff with qualifications
satisfactory to the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in:
(i) carrying out its economic and civil service reform and develop-
ment programs; (ii) administering donor aid provided for the said
programs; and (iii) carrying out studies to determine the types of
assistance required for the efficient carrying out of said programs.
The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Budgeting and Expenditure Control
(1)   Strengthening of the budgeting, accounting and expenditure
management skills of the Borrower including with respect to:
      (a)   the Budget Bureau, the Departments of Agriculture,
Education, Health and Works, the employment of: (i) one budget and
accounting expert to assist in strengthening the Budget Bureau and
four other budget and accounting experts to assist in strengthening
the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Health and Works; and
(ii) a computer expert to be attached to the Budget Bureau and to
assist in the computerization of the Borrower's budget system;
      (b)   the Accountant General's Office: (i) staff development,
including training of staff of the Accountant General's Office in
accounting at the Institute of Public Administration (IPAM), in-
house training at Headquarters and in the field and limited overseas
training; (ii) strengthening of internal audit procedures; (iii) the
provision to the Accountant General's Office of computers, equip-
ment, supplies and teaching materials; and (iv) employment of an
internal audit expert to assist in the strengthening of the internal
Audit Division of the Accountant General's Office;
      (c)   Auditor General's Department: (i) staff development,
including (A) training of the Auditor General's staff in audit
processes at IPAM, (B) in-house training and limited overseas
Page  9
training, and (C) provision of in-house training facilities;
(ii) the employment of (A) an auditing expert to assist the Auditor
General's Department in carrying out audits and training staff, and
(B) an audit documentation/training expert to assist the Department
in (1) reviewing audit documentation, and (2) preparing an audit
manual and standard questionaires for operational and training use;
(iii) the building up of an adequate data base for the Auditor
General's Department and the introduction of new audit techniques in
a computerized environment; (iv) provision of computers, equipment,
books and supplies; and (v) printing of training materials;
      (d)   the Economic Policy and Research Unit, strengthening of
the Unit's capability to carry out economic policy analysis
including provision to the Unit of: (i) computer equipment and
software; and (ii) adequate staff including local personnel employed
on short-term contract basis;
      (e)   the Economic Affairs Division of the Department of
Finance, Development and Economic Planning, strengthening of the
Division including: (i) the training of the Division's staff in
basic modern computer usage, word processing, spreadsheet, data base
management, and specialized accounting packages; and (ii) the
employment in the Division of a Project Adviser to (A) facilitate
overall coordination, administration and carrying out of the
Project, and (B) assist in strengthening the Division's project
supervision, administration and implementation capabilities;
      (f)   the Central Tender Board, the strengthening of the Board
including: (i) employment and assignment to the Board of a procure-
ment specialist to assist in the development of procurement
guidelines and procedures and their implementation; (ii) training of
the Board's staff; (iii) assisting the Board to prepare semiannual
reports on its operations; and (iv) provision to the Board of
equipment and supplies; and
      (g)   the Cooperation and Coordination Division of the
Department, strengthening the administration and coordination of
donor aid including: (i) assisting the Division to administer
technical assistance; (ii) training of the Division's staff; and
(iii) provision to the Division of equipment and facilities.
(2)   (a)   Strengthening of the Structural Adjustment Program
Disbursement Unit of the Bank of Sierra Leone including: (i) the
employment for the Unit of a finance and disbursement specialist, an
accounting expert, and a procurement specialist; (ii) training of
staff of the Unit; and (iii) the provision to the Unit of equipment
and facilities.
      (b)   Strengthening of the Bank of Sierra Leone including: (i)
improving its accounting and reporting capabilities; and (ii) the
employment of an expert to assist the Bank of Sierra Leone in
reconciling and computerizing its accounts.
Part B:     Economic Reform Program Support
      Assisting the Borrower to carry out structural reforms of its
economy, including:
(1)   with respect to the Borrower's civil service reform program:
      (a)   strengthening of management services and manpower
control, including: (i) a systematic review of staff resources and
needs; (ii) local staff training; (iii) provision of equipment,
facilities and incremental operating requirements; and (iv)
establishment and maintenance of a unit to undertake, and carry out
the results of, functional reviews and job inspections, and update
job descriptions;
      (b)   revision of civil service remuneration policies and
their administration, including: (i) a comprehensive review of the
salary and allowances system; (ii) design and implementation of a
simplified public sector grading system; and (iii) the carrying out
Page  10
of requisite studies relating to remuneration, salary and
allowances, grading and the merit pay system;
      (c)   strengthening of personnel policy and management,
including (i) a comprehensive revision of the General Orders; (ii)
an assessment of the computerization needs for establishing an
efficient personnel information system; (iii) establishment of a
computerized personnel information system in the Establishment
Secretary's Office; and (iv) integration of the said system with the
existing computerized payroll system for pensionable staff; and
      (d)   formulating and implementing a training strategy for the
civil service, including: (i) in-house training for selected
officials; (ii) assessment of training needs with the assistance of
manpower development officers; (iii) preparation of training plans
for departments and other central government agencies; and (iv)
employment of consultants to assist in defining said strategy and
preparing an action plan to carry it out.
(2)   with respect to reform of the public enterprises sector:
      (a)   the strengthening of the Public Enterprises Reform and
Divestiture Commission (PERDIC);
      (b)   the employment, on a fixed-term basis, and assignment to
PERDIC of a managing director and local staff; and
      (c)   provision to PERDIC of equipment and supplies;
(3)   with respect to petroleum procurement and pricing, the
strengthening of the Petroleum Unit including:
      (a)   the employment of (A) a Director to head the Petroleum
Unit, and (B) local staff on a fixed-term basis; and
      (b)   the provision to the Petroleum Unit of computer and
office equipment and supplies;
(4)   the Borrower's poverty reduction and social action programs,
including:
      (a)   the establishment and maintenance of: (i) a Social
Policy and Poverty Alleviation Committee (SPPAC) to determine
priorities and assist in the formulation of appropriate policies and
programs aimed at poverty reduction and the rehabilitation of the
social sectors; (ii) a Technical Advisory Group to provide technical
and analytical support to the Committee; and (iii) a Social Action
and Poverty Alleviation Unit (SAPAU) to serve as the principal
operational agency of the Borrower responsible for implementing the
Borrower's action programs and policies dealing with poverty issues.
      (b)   the provision of logistical support to the Committee and
the Technical Advisory Group including the training of their staff;
and
      (c)   studies and research directed towards poverty reduction;
and
(5)   such other studies and other preparatory activities relating
to the Borrower's structural reform program as the Borrower and
Association shall determine.
                          *     *      *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  11
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a
third party.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost less than $200,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $770,000 equiva-
lent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,510,000
equivalent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from two different countries eligible under the Guide-
lines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost less than $10,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $410,000 equiva-
lent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   with respect to each contract estimated to cost $50,000
equivalent or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be furnished to the Associa-
tion prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
Page  12
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)  (i)       For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                     Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                     requests for deposits into the Special Account
                     at such intervals as the Association shall
                     specify.
          (ii)       Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                     the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                     the documents and other evidence required
                     pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                     the payment or payments in respect of which
                     replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                     each such request, the Association shall, on
                     behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                     Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                     Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                     requested and as shall have been shown by said
                     documents and other evidence to have been paid
                     out of the Special Account for eligible expen-
                     ditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
Page  13
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories of the Project, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Catego-
ries shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
