Report No. PID3072
Project Name                     Colombia-Productive Partnerships Support...
Project
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Other Agriculture; Institutional Development;
Community Action Program
Project ID                       COPE41642
Borrower(s)                      REPUBLIC OF COLOMBIA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE AND RURAL
DEVELOPMENT
Address: Avenida Jimenez No. 7-65, Piso 3;
Bogota, Colombia
Contact Person: Dr. Rodrigo Villalba Mosquera
(Minister),
Dr. Jorge Mario
DUaz (Director Agricultural Policy)
Tel: (57-1) 341-9005
Fax: 243-4785
Email: minagricultura.gov.co
Investment Fund for Peace
Address: Calle 8a, No. 6-63; Bogota, Colombia
Contact Person: Dra. Olga Isabel Echeverri Fregui,
Presidential Council
Tel: (57-1) 566-2070
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                May 30, 2001
Projected Appraisal
Date                             March 23, 2001
Projected Board Date             October 15, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
Main Sector IssuesPoverty. Poverty in Colombia remains a critical problem
with strong rural and regional dimensions. As a result of the economic
crisis, the gains made in the area of poverty reduction in the early to
mid-1990s have been eroded in recent years. The incidence of poverty and
extreme poverty in rural areas was 80t and 58t respectively in 1998 as
compared to 55t and 27t in urban areas (Wodon, et. al, 2001). A
farm/household survey carried out as part of the project preparation
process and focusing on agricultural producers found that the incidence of
poverty among this group was as high as 80t (see Annex 14). Seventy
percent of the population with incomes below subsistence live in rural
areas. Three regions in particular have especially high levels of poverty:
the Caribbean, Pacific Coast, and the Amazon; however, throughout the
country one may find pockets of misery. In spite of reductions in the
level of poverty, income inequality remains an issue with a GINI
coefficient of approximately .55 which has remained stagnant over the past
two decades. In spite of the constitutionally mandated universality of



education and health services, they along with other financial and
technical assistance programs, either do not reach rural areas or have
minimal impact due to lack of institutional capacity. Any poverty
reduction campaign based on productive projects must take into
consideration the limited education and business skills of the rural
population, and must include actions to remedy these limitations.Rural
violence. Colombia ranks among the countries with the highest incidence
of violence. Violence in the countryside is particularly acute with an
estimated 1.9 million persons displaced over the last decade. The causes
of political violence in Colombia are manifold, including: (i) unequal
access to economic power (especially land and natural resources); (ii)
exclusion from political power; and (iii) available funding through access
to illicit drugs proceeds by the guerrilla and paramilitaries. The World
Bank sector work on violence recognizes the complexity and the central
role of violence in impeding development in the country. The nation has
three main guerrilla groups, the FARC, ELN and EPL as well as half a dozen
other groups, which in mid 1990s had an active presence in 56t of
municipalities, a dramatic increase from 1987 when their presence was
found in only 17t of municipalities. Paramilitaries started acting as an
organized group through the AUC in 1984 and have recently begun claiming
the same political recognition given to guerrillas. According to the
DefensorUa del Pueblo, 41- of displacements are caused by the
paramilitaries, 28t by guerrilla groups, 13t by the armed forces and
police, and 18t by a combination of the actions of the aforementioned
groups. The resulting loss of the sense of belonging, hope, and
confidence in government institutions are among the many obstacles to the
educational and social development of displaced persons, which are
necessary to achieve a participatory nation and socioeconomic
development.The insecurity caused by the violence reduces the incentive to
invest in agriculture and, more importantly causes a bias in the pattern
of investment towards activities that are relatively non-intensive in the
use of labor which may encourage landowners to invest in livestock rather
than crops. With the growth of the paramilitary movement and increased
buying up of land in rural areas by drug traffickers, the problem has
become increasingly complex with land having become even further
concentrated in the hands of the old elite and drug traffickers as
evidenced by the proportion of large land holdings over 500 hectares which
increased from holding 32t of total lands in 1984 to 45t in 1997.    Trade
reforms in the last decade have opened up previously protected markets for
some agricultural products and lowered their price. This together with
the large land owner's preference for cattle ranching has subverted the
traditional agricultural development model in many rural areas, reducing
the land planted to food crops, altering the ecological balance, and
lowering rural employment opportunities (see Annex 14). At the same time,
those peasants who move to remote and marginal areas such as the Amazon to
avoid the violence, often participate in growing illicit crops. These in
turn are sprayed with chemicals that harm the environment and damage
health. Untapped agricultural production. The liberalization of the
economy coupled with an overvalued peso and falling world prices for
grains and other commodities has led to a re-composition of agricultural
production. This is evidenced by a decline over the last decade of more
than a quarter in the production of annual crops, an area equivalent to
870,000 hectares. During the same period, perennial crop production
increased by 20t or 200,000 hectares.   Other factors such as the high cost
of and limited access to capital, as well as the prevalence of rural
- 2 -



violence (see preceding paragraph) have impeded further cultivation of
perennial crops leaving the nation's potential production of these
high-margin crops untapped. In the case of palm oil, only 5t of the
potential land is currently cultivated, that is 148,360 out of 2,500,000
hectares. The challenge of the rural sector is to increase its
competitiveness in a market economy context. With the recent depreciation
of the peso to levels comparable with the early 1990s in real terms, the
rural sector for the first time since the partial liberalization of the
economy in 1991, has a more level playing field to increase its
competitiveness vis-a-vis foreign players. This is especially important
as it is expected that developed countries will make a serious effort in
opening up their markets for agricultural products from developing
countries in the context of on-going trade negotiations coordinated by the
WTO in the coming years. The government seeks to promote perennial crops
and thereby lower unemployment levels as a development option in rural
areas. This goal requires a mixed strategy based on farming systems that
combine both perennial crops (agro-ecological conditions permitting) with
subsistence and annual crops as well as animal husbandry. This strategy
allows farmers to reduce debt levels, diversify risk and increase
short-term income. Access to finance. Lending in Colombia has virtually
come to a standstill in all sectors of the economy. Supply has been
affected by the large loan loss provisions required of banks to cover
their past due portfolio while demand has been limited by the extremely
high nominal and real interest rates. Agricultural lending has been
particularly hard hit, with lending to small farmers dropping more than
80t from 1996 levels. Although loan levels have recovered slightly, this
is due in large part to a government debt forgiveness program, which
required that a portion of the past due loans be restructured.
Historically, a large proportion of loans has been financed with forced
investments, which are then rediscounted to banks as directed loans at
lower than market rates. Banks' own funds and cooperatives supply a
smaller portion of agricultural lending. The Caja Agraria, the government
owned and controlled agrarian bank, stopped lending in the second semester
of 1998 when, already technically bankrupt, its cash flows could no longer
cover liabilities. It has been in the process of liquidation since
mid-1999, although the Banco Agrario was created to replace the defunct
Caja Agraria. Dozens of cooperatives have been liquidated, and the bank
with the second most important presence in the countryside, Banco
Cafetero, has had to be recapitalized. The lack of credit is particularly
acute for smaller farmers who have little or no collateral and for those
producers interested in making long-term investments in perennial crops.
Although the government provides a fund that guarantees up to 80t of the
principal of loans to farmers, banks are still reticent to lend to this
group. A case in point is the Banco Agrario which has adopted extremely
conservative lending policies requiring 100w in admissible guarantees and
will not accept land as collateral; although forward contracts are
accepted.  The lack of guarantees for the remaining 20t of principal have
all but closed lending to producers of crops not directly and formally
linked to commodity markets.Long-term financing is all but unavailable due
to structural issues that include a history of high albeit decreasing
inflation and constant bouts of illiquidity. Despite a fall in inflation
from 32t in 1990 to an estimated 8t in 2001, real interest rates have not
fallen and remain at 15 to 25t for agricultural and consumer lending
respectively.  The 15t real interest rate charged for agricultural loans
reflects a ceiling imposed by the Government-owned agriculture bank -
-3 -



FINAGRO. High interest rates inhibits investment in long-term projects.
This situation has led various government institutions to study the
engineering of financial instruments that may provide long-term finance
alternatives for institutional investors. These include capital markets
initiatives such as securitization and hedge instruments. However, in the
short-term, traditional lending through financial intermediaries as well
as financing through input suppliers, distributors and agribusiness are
more viable, flexible and accessible alternatives. The project aims to
build on these alternative by supporting partnerships between small farmer
producer organizations and agribusiness that will facilitate access to
markets for small farmers.     Unequal land access. Concentration indices
in the Colombian economy are among the highest in the world, and land
ownership is no exception as evidenced by a GINI coefficient of 0.84. The
provinces with the highest proportions of large farms are located in the
Caribbean coastal lowlands and in the Orinoco savanna region east of the
Andes. Inequitable distribution of land in rural areas has been
reinforced and exacerbated by various factors including: (i) tax
incentives for investments in agriculture which stimulated the purchase of
land by rich individuals in order to off-set taxes related to
nonagricultural enterprises; (ii) legal impediments to the smooth
functioning of the land rental and sales markets; (iii) credit and
interest rate subsidies plus disproportionate protection of the livestock
subsector which provided incentives for agricultural cultivation with very
low labor intensity and (iv) the use of land for money laundering
purposes. In spite of more than half a century of land reform, land
distribution has not improved and may have worsened. Efforts to
redistribute land within the agricultural frontier were unsuccessful, and
most land reform has been conducted on the frontier through government
directed and spontaneous colonization; however, the GINI coefficients for
land ownership in these areas are not better than the national average.
For example, in Caqueta, an area of intensive government-directed
colonization financed with World Bank funds in the late 60's and 70's the
GINI coefficient is .74 as measured in terms of land productivity. By
passing Law 160 in 1994, Colombia embarked on a new strategy of
voluntarily negotiated land reform that aims to provide the poor with
grant and loan assistance to buy the land that they themselves have
identified and negotiated and which gives greater power to local
institutions, reducing the role of INCORA.    Detailed features of
voluntarily negotiated land reform include: (i) poor beneficiaries are
given a subsidy to cover 70 percent of the cost of establishing a family
farm; the remaining 30 percent of the cost would be financed by bank
loans; (ii) establishment of a family farm is considered more than just
the mere transfer of land and includes the cost of purchasing land,
on-farm infrastructure, housing and technical assistance; (iii)
beneficiaries identify properties they wish to buy and negotiate directly
with landowners; (iv) proposals for the establishment of family farms are
competitively evaluated, based on their economic viability; and land
reform procedures are decentralized, giving power to local governments and
communities to influence the pace and direction of land reform. A World
Bank supported land reform pilot successfully applied this approach in
five municipalities in 1997-98. However, as far as government-directed
programs go, corruption, inefficiency and the unwillingness to utilize
market mechanisms to establish land prices have resulted in an odd sort of
speculation where poor land is bought and held until public funds become
available to sell at a price established between the owner and
- 4 -



bureaucrats. Government strategyRural Sector Policy. The rural policy
framework established by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
is based on the overall National Development Program of the Government
which pursues integration of the rural sector in the national economy
through policies that generate favorable conditions for increasing its
competitiveness, equality and sustainability, while taking into account
its diversity and complexity. A guiding principle in the formulation of
this policy framework is the view that the roles of the public and private
sector are complimentary and the rejection of a dichotomy between
regulation and liberalization. In this context, it is explicitly stated
that resolving the existing profound socioeconomic inequalities in the
rural sector can not be left entirely to the free play of market forces
and requires an active role of the state in specifically defined areas.
At the same time, it is recognized that the effectiveness of rural
policies is conditioned by factors that are not entirely under control of
the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. These factors
include: (i) progress in the peace process as determinant for risks
associated with private sector investment in rural areas; (ii)
macro-economic environment, particularly exchange and interest rate, as
determinants of financial feasibility of investment opportunities; (iii)
the need to maintain coherency between internal policy and international
agreements as limiting factor in the choice of instruments; and (iv)
fiscal situation as determinant for available resource envelope to
implement rural policies.In general terms the rural policy framework in
Colombia consists of four pillars. The first pillar includes instruments
aimed at promoting investment in the sector by: (i) promoting the
availability of venture capital for the sector; (ii) providing incentives
for capital investments; (iii) subsidizing land improvements in irrigation
and drainage; (iv) reducing risks through crop insurance and investment
guarantees; and (v) restoring creditworthiness of farmers through support
for farm debt restructuring. The second pillar consists of instruments
that aim to promote agricultural technology development and animal
health. Under this pillar, support is provided to agricultural research,
extension and training, phytosanitary services and environmental
management. There is a general trend towards making support provided
under this pillar more demand-driven and to improve quality by relying on
more competitive selection processes. The third pillar includes
instruments that are aimed at promoting rural development through targeted
interventions focusing on the poor and marginal groups. Under this
pillar, attempts are made to address the highly unequal distribution of
land in Colombia through voluntary negotiated land reform in the context
of the implementation of productive projects aimed at establishing viable
family farms. Another important initiative is the provision of subsidized
housing for low income rural households. Other measures under this pillar
include the promotion of micro-enterprises and the stimulation of rural
employment. The fourth pillar of the rural policy framework deals with
both foreign and domestic trade.    With respect to foreign trade, the
rural policy framework is clearly embedded in the foreign trade agenda of
the country which seeks to ensure stable access of consumers to affordable
products of appropriate quality, while recognizing the rights of rural
producers as an integral part of the Colombian society based on a dynamic
relationship between city and countryside. In that sense, trade
liberalization and integration of the rural sector in the international
economy is not seen as an objective in itself, but a mean to capitalize on
comparative advantages of the sector. In practical terms this implies
- 5 -



that in international trade negotiations Colombia continues to seek
consolidation of reasonable levels of protection for the most sensitive
food crops, maintains a preference for incremental and gradual changes,
and keeps working on correcting distortions and unfair practices by other
nations.An interesting twist to the rural policy framework is the attempt
by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to integrate its
implementation in the Programa de Oferta Agropecuaria, PROAGRO, that uses
the value-chain as a transversal axis to define the application of
instruments and allocation of incentives based on Sector Competitiveness
Agreements (Acuerdos Sectoriales de Competividad) with the private sector.
Under these Agreements, the relevant parties in a specific value chain
prioritize actions to increase production and improve competitiveness of
the product in question. Agreements have been specified for poultry,
eligible oils, dairy, potato, cacao, cotton, fruits and forestry
products. The potential advantages of this approach are twofold. First,
it ensures that the application of instruments and allocation of
incentives becomes more demand-driven and properly aligned with
(sub)-sector specific constraints, thereby improving the effectiveness of
the rural policies that are pursued. Second, by entering into agreements
with the private sector, public resources available to implement rural
policies could be leveraged with contributions from the private sector.
This is important as the sum of domestic support measures, price support
and export subsidies amounted to less than 29 of the value of agricultural
production in 1998. The need for leverage became even more acute in 1999
when the budget for domestic support, which made up 85% of the total in
1998, was slashed by 40% in 1999.No ESW has been conducted recently to
assess the effectiveness of the rural policies pursued by the Ministry of
Agriculture and Rural Development. However, based on the facts presented
in the preceding section and available anecdotal evidence, the following
picture is thought to be roughly adequate in qualitative terms:n Despite
efforts to increase access of rural producers to capital, it is widely
acknowledged that the lack thereof continues to be a serious constraint.
With the closure of the Caja Agraria in 1999, which used to provide 90% of
all credit to small farmers, and the subsequent consolidation of its
activities in the Banco Agrario, the situation of small farmers in this
respect might have worsened. This also evidenced by the fact that despite
an increase in the credit amount financed through FINAGRO (second-tier
financial institution), the number of loans actually fell by 14%.    n
Despite efforts to make land reform more effective by promoting voluntary
negotiated schemes in the context of productive projects, the existing
institutional framework has not been conducive in bringing about
significant improvements in the distribution of land which is generally
regarded as an important condition to stimulate the sector, activate
employment, increase rural income and reduce poverty and emigration.n
Although the focus on the value chain as a conceptual tool to integrate
the implementation of rural policies is valuable, this initiative has
stopped short of realigning the existing institutional framework in
accordance with this new focus. The institutional framework therefore
remains far too complex and fragmented to effectively deliver results on
the ground while at the same time imposing significant transaction costs
on rural producers who try to access instruments and incentives provided
under the system.n By having a specific pillar for rural development
within the rural policies framework, there is a certain degree of
compartmentalization between instruments and incentives for small farmers
on one hand and medium- and large farmers on the other hand. The value
- 6 -



chain approach promoted under PROAGRO aims to bridge this division,
although up till now there has been a tendency to particularly work with
medium- and large farmers in the formulation of the Acuerdos Sectoriales
de Competividad.n Even if policies would be exactly right and their
implementation as effective and efficient as they could be, it should most
probably be fair to recognize that with an annual budget that amounts to
less than 2t of agricultural GDP, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural
Development faces an enormous challenge to bring about changes at the
aggregate level.Peace Process. The Government strategy to stimulate rural
development is embedded within the broader peace process of the country.
The Government of Colombia and the FARC agreed in November 1998 to
establish a 42,000 square kilometer demilitarized zone ('zona de despeje')
in the south-eastern department of Caqueta. The rationale behind the
creation of the zone was to facilitate peace talks with the FARC. These
talks were formally inaugurated in January 1999, but yielded few tangible
results. The perception was rather that the demilitarized zone quickly
had become a kind of sanctuary for the FARC, allowing them to set-up a de
facto local government and the opportunity to undertake a major rearmament
program. Faced with this situation the Government of Colombia developed a
Plan for Peace, Prosperity and Strengthening of the State (Plan Colombia)
which was presented in September 1999. Plan Colombia is an integrated
strategy that seeks: (i) to promote the peace process; (ii) revive the
economy; (iii) combat the narcotics industry; (iv) strengthen the
democratic pillars of the Colombian society; (iv) promote reform of the
justice system; (v) protect human rights; and (vi) foster greater
democratization and social development. The Plan calls for an expenditure
of US$7.5 billion over a four year period of which some US$3.15 billion
would be allocated within the central budget and US$4.35 billion is sought
from the international community as well as domestic sources. The US
Congress in June 2000 approved a US$1.3 billion aid package; most of which
for military support, but about US$250-280 million has been earmarked for
social development programs. At a meeting in Bogota in October 2000, the
EU, its member states and other donors pledged their own support to the
peace process, amounting to about US$500 million. In addition, the World
Bank and the IMF have allocated about US$900 million to social
development, employment and job training programs under the Plan. Hence,
with current commitments at US$2.7 billion, there remains a gap of US1.65
billion to be filled. The EU and Latin governments as well as many NGOs
have expressed serious reservations about Plan Colombia. Also the
guerrilla groups have repeatedly denounced the package. Aspects of
concern include: (i) lack of a clear strategy for peace; (ii) focus on a
military response to the conflict; (iii) focus on eradication of drugs
which are feared will have a negative impact on human rights and
democracy; and (iv) environmental impact of coca spraying, including
allegations that it is killing food crops and causing health problems and
water contamination. The ELN has sought to participate in the peace
process on equal footing with the FARC, but the Government of Colombia has
opted to deal with it separately in parallel peace talks. The ELN is
prepared to discuss the issue of a cease-fire and the Government agrees in
principle to grant the group a 'safe-haven' in northern Colombia to
conduct negotiations. With the peace process stalled for most of the
second semester of 2000, a meeting between the Government and the FARC on
February 8, 2001 resulted in the extension of the life of the
demilitarized zone for a further nine months and an agreement to return to
negotiations, to begin with the discussion of a cease-fire under an
-7 -



accelerated timetable, thereby revitalizing the process. Although it is
difficult to asses what the future will bring, there are a number of
factors that are most likely to somehow shape the peace process. n Since
Plan Colombia can only be fully implemented if the EU and its member
states are prepared to increase their financial contribution, this is
expected to give them considerable influence in the direction of the
program which they could use by insisting on a less militarized approach.n
The extent to which the new US Government is susceptible to criticism that
its current support has militarized the fight against illicit drugs by
supporting the Colombian army rather than the Colombian National Police.n
With the end of his four-year term approaching in 2002, time will be
increasingly against the President of Colombia to reach a breakthrough
under which both guerrilla groups agree on a cease-fire and commit
themselves to respect international humanitarian law.n Although the peace
talks still enjoy the support of important civil sectors, including the
church and NGOs, there is an apparent shift in public opinion in Colombia
towards a more hardening stance.Following Law 487, the Investment Fund for
Peace was established in 1998. The objective of this Fund is to capture
and channel resources to finance the productive and social aspects
associated with Plan Colombia. The Fund has no judicial status and is
ascribed to the Administrative Department of the Presidency. For the
purpose of promoting productive investments in areas that are particularly
affected by the violent conflict, it has created the program "Campo en
Acci6n". This program builds on the concept of productive partnerships as
envisaged under the Project.
2. Objectives
The project development objective is to establish a successful program of
productive partnership subprojects between agribusiness and small farmer
producer organizations. It will do so by providing an integrated package
of incentives and assistance for the development and implementation of
demand-driven, sustainable, productive partnership subprojects which
generate income and employment opportunities for rural communities. In
achieving this objective, it is expected that the project would contribute
to: (i) reactivating the rural economy; (ii) improving the welfare of poor
rural inhabitants; and (iii) generating an enabling environment for the
peace process in the country; although the project would not actively
resolve social or armed conflict.Under the project, a productive
partnership subproject is considered any collaborative arrangement between
a small farmer producer organization and an agribusiness enterprise that
aims to reduce technical, commercial, financial and/or social risks
associated in pursuit of potential productivity and income gains in a
particular value-chain in such a manner that creates a win-win situation
for all participating parties. Based on the experience of prototype
partnerships developed as part of the project preparation process, this
typically means that by entering into a productive partnership, members of
small farmers producer organizations obtain access to relevant markets;
usually output markets, but also critical inputs (e.g. high quality seed)
or factor inputs (particularly credit for working capital purposes). The
advantages for agribusiness firms to enter into partnerships with producer
organizations typically include opportunities to expand food processing
activities by securing supplies from small producers that meet certain
predetermined quality standards, without the need to expand own production
capacity.
-8-



3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The economic and political situation in Colombia today is clearly one
fraught with challenges. A strong argument can be made for the World Bank
to step up assistance at this time of need and provide support to the
Government for projects promoting development and peace - especially when
private and foreign investments have been reduced. In effect, the Bank
has done so last year when it pledged its support to the social aspects of
the Plan for Peace, Prosperity and Strengthening of the State.Bank
participation would leverage international expertise in demand-driven
rural investment programs, crop production models, partnerships between
local communities and the private sector, formation of social capital
(e.g. strengthening farmer cooperatives) and land reform. Both the
acquisition of loans by producer organizations as well as the proposal
that at least a portion of the modular incentive be repaid to the trust
for further investment either in the project or social investments deemed
necessary by the Steering Committee of the Partnership, require that
microfinance mechanisms be introduced into the development and
implementation phases of the subprojects. Colombia has had relatively few
successful microfinance experiences particularly in rural areas, and the
project will need apply results from other Bank experiences in this area.
This should be done in coordination with microfinance development
currently being coordinated between the Bank, DNP and the Ministry of
Agriculture and Rural Development.    Moreover, the project would build
upon the Bank's significant experience in the rural development sector in
Colombia: community participation and monitoring and evaluation mechanisms
in the Magdalena Medio LIL; negotiated land reform through initial
preparation of a proposed Market-Assisted Land Reform Support investment
project; and demand-driven rural investment programs in the Peasant
Enterprises LIL. Finally, the Bank's involvement in the project also
reflects an increasingly important partnership with the Colombian
Government to address issues of rural violence and can draw upon the
recently completed sector work on violence: Violence in Colombia: Building
Sustainable Peace and Social Capital.
4. Description
1. Preparation of Productive Partnership Subprojects
2. Implementation of Productive Partnership Subprojects
3. Project Implementation Arrangements and Knowledge Management
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost       51.82
6. Implementation
Implementation Period. The loan is expected to become effective November
15, 2001 for a five year period through November 2006.Guiding Principles
for Institutional Framework. The nature of the project with its focus on
facilitating partnerships between agribusiness and small farmer producer
organizations that are economically feasible and sustainable, implies the
need for up-front recognition of a rather limited role of the public
sector in the implementation of the project.   It is this premise, while
taking into account the experiences generated by the institutional
innovations in other projects in the Colombia portfolio, that provides the
building block for the proposed institutional framework of the Productive
- 9-



Partnership for Peace Project. The implementation structure of the
project is based on three principles: (i) responsibilities of public
sector are specified in terms of orientation and coordination of the
project; (ii) execution of project activities is completely decentralized
and transferred under the umbrella of the private sector; (iii) ample
scope for participation by relevant stakeholders is structured through a
clear distribution of roles and responsibilities that takes into account
recognized competences and capacities of each party. At the same time,
operational procedures are designed to provide transparent rules of the
game, clear eligibility criteria for the identification of beneficiaries
and allocation of resources, efficient flow of funds and adequate
supervision arrangements.Borrower and Executing Agency. The Borrower of
the loan to finance the project would be the Republic of Colombia
represented by the Ministry of Finance. The Executing Agency would be the
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. Since the Project would
also tap into the fiscal space of the Investment Fund for Peace to finance
productive partnership subprojects in areas prioritized under Plan
Colombia, this Fund, through the Administrative Department of the
Presidency, would be co-Executing Agency for the purposes of the Project.
Project Oversight and Policy Guidance. Project oversight would be
conducted by a National Technical Committee established in the Ministry of
Agriculture and Rural Development. This Committee would be presided by
the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development or his/her delegate
(Vice Minister of Agriculture or Director of Agricultural Policies).
Other members of the Committee would include the Director of Agricultural
Development in the National Planning Department; the Executive Director of
the Investment Fund for Peace or his delegate for agricultural affairs;
and a representative of the International Cooperation Agency, contracted
for the administration of project resources. To facilitate participation
of a relevant range of stakeholders at the strategic level of the Project,
a representative of the financial sector, a representative of agricultural
producers organizations and a representative of small farmers (campesino)
organizations would also be included in the National Technical Committee.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development would appoint these
representatives, following criteria specified in the Project
Administrative Manual. In case counterpart funds for the purchase of land
under productive partnership subproject originate from INCORA, a
representative of this institution would also participate in the National
Technical Committee for this particular purpose. In general terms, the
National Technical Committee would ensure consistency of project
implementation with agreed conceptual and technical design. By doing so,
it would approve Annual Operative Plans and Project Manuals, review
project monitoring reports, appoint the project management team and
formally assign the Modular Incentive to productive partnership subproject
that meet established eligibility criteria. Project Management. The
coordination of project implementation at the operational level would be
the responsibility of the Project Coordination Group to be established in
the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. This Group would
consist of a team of dedicated professionals with relevant disciplinary
backgrounds for the purposes of the project and headed by the Project
Manager. The Project Manager would report to the National Technical
Committee in general and to the Minister of Agriculture and Rural
Development in particular. The Project Coordination Group would have the
following functions: (i) elaborate Annual Operative Plans and ensure
their execution once approved; (ii) elaborate semestral monitoring reports
- 10 -



with approved Annual Operative Plan as reference; (iii) elaborate and
propose modifications to Project Manuals and Guidelines; (iv) establish a
long list of eligible Technical Assistance Providers; (v) conduct a public
information campaign regarding the objectives and rules of the game of the
project; (vi) select productive partnership ideas presented jointly by
interested partnership participants for pre-investment support; (vii)
arrange for the contracting of Technical Assistance Providers for
facilitating the preparation and implementation of productive
partnerships; (viii) arrange for the contracting of experts for the
evaluation of detailed productive partnership proposals; (ix) establish
agreements with representatives of approved productive partnerships and
trust fund companies for the administration of the modular incentive; (x)
arrange for the contracting of the external auditors of the project; (xi)
arrange for the contracting of an independent firm to evaluate the effects
and impacts of productive partnerships; (xii) ensure compliance with
agreed norms and procedures specified in the Loan Agreement; and (xiii)
interact with the World Bank regarding all project related themes,
including the preparation and presentation of reports and no-objection
requests and the coordination of supervision missions.Project
Implementation. To support the preparation of productive partnership
proposals and to facilitate the implementation of approved productive
partnership subprojects, Technical Assistance Providers would have an
important role under the project. These organizations would be preferably
NGOs or consulting firms and comply with minimum eligibility criteria
established in the Operational Manual of the Project     Productive
partnership participants could select eligible Technical Assistance
Providers from a long list established by the Project Coordination Group.
Technical Assistance Providers would be contracted by the International
Cooperation Agency, following instructions from the Project Coordination
Group. Technical Assistance Providers may either form consortiums with
other organizations or request that the PCG permit the outsourcing of to
subcontract some specialized services in the preparation of productive
partnership proposals for which they would not have in-house capacity
(detailed eligibility criteria and TORs are presented in Annex 2 and Annex
11).Productive Partnerships. In order to put in practice the principle of
self-management by productive partnership participants, the modular
incentive provided under the project through Cost Sharing Transfers would
be disbursed into a trust fund account hold in a Trust Fund Agency
supervised by the Superintendent of Banks. The beneficiaries of this
trust would be the members of the small farmer producer organization
participating in the approved productive partnership. The trust fund
would receive instructions from the Partnership Steering Committee,
consisting of two members of the small farmer producer organization and
two representatives of the participating agribusiness. This Committee
would have authority to use the resources of the trust fund according to
the approved investment plan of the productive partnership. Beneficiaries
would have a share in the trust, which they would lose if they leave the
partnership before the implementation plan has been completed. Said plan
would most likely outlive the spending of the modular incentive, and most
likely last during the life of any loans guaranteed by the trust and would
be previously agreed upon by the various partners. Once the partnership
subproject has been implemented according to the Cooperation Agreement
signed with the project, ownership of the assets will be distributed among
the beneficiaries in accordance with their shares unless another agreement
is reached; e.g. distribution of all assets to a cooperative.Procurement.
- 11 -



The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, through the Project
Coordination Group, would be responsible for procurement. An
International Cooperation Agency would be contracted to assist in
procurement and administrative services (except for Cost-Sharing
Transfers), following a competitive process acceptable to the Bank.Under
the Cost-Sharing Transfers to support Productive Partnership subprojects,
funds would be transferred into a trust fund account held in the name of
the productive partnership beneficiaries at a trust fund agency supervised
by the Superintendent of Banks. The trust fund agency would effect
disbursements according to the terms contained in the Cooperation
Agreement signed by the productive partnership associates and the Project
Coordination Group. The partnership through its Partnership Steering
Committee would carry out the needed procurement of works, goods and
services being financed according to the agreed implementation plan. A
Project Operational Manual for Productive Partnerships will contain, in
addition to eligibility criteria and other aspects, the procurement
procedures to be followed. Such procedures will require price comparison
of three price quotations, allowing sole-sourcing in cases where only one
supplier exists in the area. Depending on the size of individual
contracts to be financed under the partnerships, a threshold for open
competition may be set during appraisal. Accounting, Financial Reporting
and Auditing Arrangements. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural
Development, through the Project Coordination Group would be responsible
for all financial management aspects of the project. During Appraisal, a
financial management assessment has been conducted to define the required
support to the Ministry to effectively assume all financial management
functions along the lines as spelled out in Annex 6. An action plan has
been agreed that would bring the financial management capacity of the
Ministry in line with Bank requirements.
7. Sustainability
The economic and financial analyses will provide information on the
overall viability of the productive partnership subprojects. The cost
recovery mechanism that will be promoted for the Modular Incentive will
take advantage of the flexibility of trust law, which, in lieu of the
onerous restrictions applied by Colombian banking law to community savings
vehicles could provide an alternative to better link small farmers with
the formal financial sector, thereby contributing to the creation of a
more conducive financial environment for future investments. The
application of beneficiary eligibility criteria will help ensure that the
benefits of these subprojects accrue to low-income and other
disenfranchised groups. This focus will help ensure that the subprojects
are viewed favorably by insurgent groups and thereby reduce the risk of
their interference. With respect to the environment, detailed guidelines
have been specified as to the requirements for EA review and approval for
subprojects (see Annex 13). It is also believed that the long term
viability of productive partnership subprojects will be enhanced by taking
into account the labor, financial and environmental track record of
interested private sector partners in the subproject selection process.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The project design integrates several important development themes based
in part on lessons learned from related projects. These lessons
include:Rural development. The project specifically build on lessons
learnt from the Rural Development Investment Program (RDIP) in Colombia
- 12 -



which was financed by the Bank from 1990-94 Implementation Completion
Report No. 16721; Colombia - Rural Development Investment Program (Loan
3250-CO). These are as follows: (i) a flexible, open design is needed for
programs targeted to local governments due to the enormous diversity of
capacity and socio-economic conditions in Colombia; (ii) a simple
monitoring and control system should be in place from the start of the
operation in order to rapidly identify and correct problems; (iii) it is
advisable to separate monitoring and evaluation functions, and rely on an
independent agency to conduct periodic impact evaluations; and (iv) the
process of designing subprojects should be highly participatory, drawing
on the contributions of municipal governments and local campesino
organizations.Social capital. A main objective of the project is to
develop social capital in conflictive areas in Colombia. The Magdalena
Medio and Peasant Enterprise Zones LILs highlight a number of challenges
on this topic. One of the most important is the complexity of the armed
conflict and difficulties in overcoming ideological differences and
creating mutual interest around development programs. The importance of
identifying an impartial group (like the Consortium) in getting a close
feel of the dynamics with a particular location should not be
underestimated.Violence. The recent sector work on violence in Colombia
sheds light on the key development constraint in the country today. The
report provides a conceptual framework that identifies a continuum of
violence, their underlying causes, and interventions recommended to reduce
violence. The importance of partnerships and small-scale, 'bottom-up'
projects are two important findings from the report that have been
incorporated into the project design.Land ownership. The proposed project
design is based upon several lessons learned from recent experience in
Colombia on market-assisted land reform. These lessons stress the
importance of: (i) implementing land reform through voluntary deals
between willing buyers and interested sellers rather than through
administrative procedures followed by bureaucrats; (ii) providing a
subsidy for a package of investments including land, on-farm complementary
infrastructure, inputs and technical assistance aimed at the establishment
of viable family farms rather than only subsidizing a transfer of land;
(iii) using mechanisms of social control in a decentralized setting for
transparent selection of beneficiaries rather than administrative
procedures applied in far-away bureaucratic and politicized agencies; (iv)
avoiding that beneficiaries are forced to farm collectively; and (v)
ensuring an enabling policy and regulatory environment to avoid that land
reform is only a one-time redistribution. Agriculture and Partnerships.
The setting up of a development process based on Productive Partnerships
requires that proper mechanisms are set in place to provide participating
farmers with "independent" sources of technical assistance that can be
used to counterbalance excessive monopoly situations and relationships
with suppliers and buyers. It is also necessary to define the contractual
and arbitration and conflict resolution mechanisms, which would guarantee
the implementation of the partnerships, as well as operational
methodologies and monitoring and supervision mechanisms that would ensure
transparency in financial transactions and provision by government of
matching grants.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  During project preparation, six environmental
- 13 -



assessments for the pilot productive systems were prepared by local
consultants, under TORs acceptable to the Bank. The reports consisted of
an Environmental Impact Assessment, an Alternative Technology Assessment
and an Environmental Mitigation Plan. The lessons learned from
contracting, implementing and reviewing these EAs have been used to design
the environmental assessment methodology for the project and to design
specific environmental activities which were identified as priorities.
This project will likely result in both a shift in crop cultivation to
high-margin, permanent crops and expansion of agricultural lands. One
objective of the project is to reduce pressure on land caused by
environmentally unsustainable agricultural practices, such as misuse of
agro-chemicals, cultivating annual crops in frontier areas and raising
livestock in an unsustainable fashion. Nevertheless, production and
expansion of both permanent and transitory crops could result in negative
environmental impacts from, among others, construction of roads and other
infrastructure, technology changes in processing phases, changes in use of
pesticides, potential encroachment on natural habitats, etc. Many
negative effects of subprojects will be avoided by following a detailed
methodology for environmental screening and assessment. Any remaining
negative impacts will be mitigated through use of operational manuals,
guidelines and development of environmental management plans, all to be
financed by the project. Where appropriate, these guidelines will detail
requirements for IS09000 certification.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Martien Van Nieuwkoop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending June 1, 2001.
- 14 -



