Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2173 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3253 IN
          (Integrated Child Development Services Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                               and
                      STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                          STATE OF ORISSA
                      Dated October 23, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2173 IN
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3253 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 23, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT and STATE OF ANDHRA
PRADESH and STATE OF ORISSA.
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to seventy-
three million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 73,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condi-
tion that the State of Andhra Pradesh and the State of
Orissa agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to ten million dollars ($10,000,00-
0), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Page  2
Agreement, but only on condition that the State of Andhra
Pradesh and the State of Orissa agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      WHEREAS the State of Andhra Pradesh and the State of
Orissa, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
and the Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, and in the General
Conditions (as so defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and the Loan Agreement, respectively) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Project States declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropri-
ate administrative, financial, maternal and child health
welfare practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Associa-
tion, the Bank and the Project States shall otherwise
agree, the Project States shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agree-
ment.
      Section 2.03. The Project States shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respec-
tively) in respect of the Project Agreement, and the
Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Project States shall, at the
request of the Association and the Bank, exchange views
with the Association and the Bank with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of their
obligations under this Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit and the Loan.
Page  3
      (b)   The Project States shall promptly inform the
Association and the Bank of any condition which inter-
feres or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit
or the Loan, or the performance by the Project States of
their obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Project States shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   The Project States shall:
            (i)   have their records and accounts referred
                  to paragraph (a) of this Section for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consis-
                  tently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association and the
                  Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association and the Bank
                  as soon as available, but in any case not
                  later than nine months after the end of
                  each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  their records and accounts for such year
                  as so audited, and (B) the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association and the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association and the Bank
                  such other information concerning said
                  records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments as well as the audit thereof, as
                  the Association and the Bank shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association, the Bank and of the Project States
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the follow-
ing two dates:
            (i)   the date on which both the Development
                  Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
                  shall have terminated in accordance with
                  their respective terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date
                  of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of the said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association or the Bank or both shall promptly notify the
Project States of this event.
Page  4
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General Condi-
tions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement or
the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for Reconstruction
              and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For the State of Andhra Pradesh:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Andhra Pradesh
            Secretariat, Hyderabad 500 022
            India
                                          Telex: 042 56325
      For the State of Orissa:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Orissa
            Bhubaneshwar - 751001
            India
                                          Telex: 067 5210
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
Page  5
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the Project
States may be taken or executed by its Chief Secretary or
such other person or persons as the Project States shall
designate in writing, and the Project States shall
furnish to the Association and the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to the Project States and so long
as the Development Credit Agreement shall not have
terminated prior to the termination of the Loan Agree-
ment:
      (a)   the obligations of the Project States to
consult with, and to furnish information, documents,
plans, reports, records and statements to, the Bank shall
be satisfied to the extent performance in respect of such
obligations is rendered to the Association;
      (b)   the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, the Project States shall
be satisfied to the extent such obligations are fulfilled
by the Association; and
      (c)   all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
      Section 5.04. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                  STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                  By /s/ Abid Hussain
                                        Authorized Representative
                  STATE OF ORISSA
Page  6
                  By /s/ Abid Hussain
                                        Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, drugs and
medicines shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 and 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in Paragraph 3 hereof, contracts
for civil works shall be awarded on the basis of competi-
tive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
2.    Except as provided in Paragraph 5 hereof, drugs and
medicines estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not
exceeding $1,000,000 may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertized
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank.
3.    Civil works, estimated to cost less than $5,000
equivalent each up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$17,700,000           equivalent, may be carried out
through force account.
4.    Except as provided in Paragraph 5 hereof, furniture
and equipment shall be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
5.    Furniture and equipment, and drugs and medicines,
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$2,800,000 and $3,000,000 equivalent respectively, and
vehicles and therapeutic nutrition supplements may be
procured under quotations solicited from a list of at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Associa-
tion and the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Association and the Bank of
            Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to (i) each contract awarded under
Part A above; and (ii) each contract for civil works, and
furniture and equipment estimated to cost the equivalent
Page  7
of $200,000 or more the procedures set forth in para-
graphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association and the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association and the Bank have authorized withdrawals from
the Credit Account on the basis of statements of expendi-
ture. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of the Development Credit Agree-
ment.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Project States in carrying
out the Project, the Project States shall employ consul-
tants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Each Project State shall apply and maintain benefi-
ciary selection criteria and procedures, acceptable to
the Association and the Bank, for the purpose of carrying
out the nutrition supplementation program under Part A.5
of the Project.
2.    Each Project State shall: (a) carry out the studies
under Parts D.1 (a) and D.1 (b) of the Project under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Association and
the Bank;
      (b)   by September 30, 1991, complete the study under
Part D.1 (a) of the Project and by April 1, 1992, discuss
the results thereof with the Association and the Bank;
and
      (c)   by September 30, 1994, complete and discuss
with the Association and the Bank the study under Part
D.1 (b) of the Project.
Page  8
3.    In carrying out Part D.2 of the Project, each
Project State shall by January 1, 1991 establish and
thereafter maintain until completion of the Project a PMU
in accordance with a key staffing plan satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank for the purpose of managing,
monitoring and reviewing the progress of the Project.
4.    Without limitation or restriction to the provisions
of Section 2.04 of this Agreement, each Project State
shall furnish to the Association and the Bank for review
and discussion: (a) quarterly and annual progress reports
within three months of the relevant implementation
period, and (b) a prospective annual work plan on the
activities to be carried out under the Project by January
31 of each Fiscal Year, in formats satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
5.    The Project States shall in consultation with the
Borrower, the Association and the Bank and in accordance
with terms of reference and methodology satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank, undertake and complete: (a)
by December 31, 1993, a mid-term review and evaluation of
the Project; and (b) by September 30, 1997, a final
evaluation of the Project.
6.    In carrying out Part A.2 of the Project, each
Project State shall place one additional supervisor in
each block in the Project Area where the Project is
carried out for the first two years of implementation of
the Project in such block.
