Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2356 SL
               (Power Sector Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                     NATIONAL POWER AUTHORITY
                      Dated November 25, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2356 SL
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 25, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the NATIONAL POWER
AUTHORITY (NPA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifteen
million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,300,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that NPA agrees
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and NPA, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
NPA on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Page  2
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS NPA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in the Agreement, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the term "Leone" means currency of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) NPA declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   NPA shall, by October 1, 1992, establish and thereafter
maintain in a form and with functions and staffing satisfactory to
the Association a Project Implementation and Control Unit. The
Project Implementation and Control Unit shall, inter alia, assist in
the monitoring and control of Project activities and in the
preparation of quarterly reports on the carrying out of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. NPA shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. NPA shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, NPA shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) NPA shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   NPA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by NPA of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of NPA
      Section 3.01. NPA shall carry on its operations and conduct
Page  3
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. NPA shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. NPA shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. NPA shall no later than 24 months after the date
on which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective carry
out jointly with the Association a mid-term review of the Project.
The subjects of the said review shall include: (i) the performance
of the utility or firm referred to in Part E (2) of the Project;
(ii) compliance by NPA with its obligations under this Agreement;
(iii) review of the level and structure of NPA's tariffs; (iv)
review of the key performance indicators of the Project; (v) the
training program under the Project; and (vi) procurement under the
Project.
      Section 3.05. NPA shall carry out all the actions described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) NPA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   NPA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NPA shall produce for its fiscal year ending March 31, 1993,
total revenues equivalent to not less than the sum of its total cash
operating expenses and interest and other charges on debt.
      (b)   Before December 31, 1992, NPA shall, on the basis of
forecasts prepared by NPA and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph
(a) of this Section in respect of fiscal year 1993 and shall furnish
to the Association the results of such review upon its completion.
Page  4
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                  operating revenues and net non-operating income;
           (ii)   the term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                  nues from all sources related to operations;
          (iii)   the term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources not related to
                        operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above; and
           (iv)   the term "total cash operating expenses" means
                  all expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance and taxes
                  and payments in lieu of taxes but excluding
                  provision for depreciation.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NPA shall produce for its fiscal year ending March 31, 1994
and each of its fiscal years following thereafter total revenues
equivalent to not less than the sum of its total operating expenses
and interest and other charges on debt.
      (b)   Before April 1, in each fiscal year referred to in
paragraph (a) above, NPA shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared
by NPA and satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in said paragraph in respect of such
year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                  operating revenues and net non-operating income;
           (ii)   the term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                  nues from all sources related to operations;
          (iii)   the term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources not related to
                        operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above; and
           (iv)   the term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including admin-
                  istration, adequate maintenance and taxes and
                  payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation calculated on the basis of NPA's
                  fixed assets in operation as revalued pursuant to
                  paragraph 2 (e) of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NPA shall take all necessary action to earn for its fiscal
year ending March 31, 1994 and each of its fiscal years following
thereafter, an annual return for: (i) fiscal year 1994 of not less
than 4.5% of the average current net value of NPA's fixed assets in
operation; and (ii) each of the fiscal years following thereafter
not less than 6% of the average current net value of said fixed
assets.
Page  5
      (b)   Before April 1 in each fiscal year referred to in
paragraph (a) above, NPA shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared
by NPA and satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in said paragraph in respect of such
year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  NPA's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half of the sum of the current
                  net value of NPA's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year;
           (ii)   the term "net operating income" means total oper-
                  ating revenues less total operating expenses;
          (iii)   the term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                  nues from all sources related to operations;
           (iv)   the term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including admin-
                  istration, adequate maintenance, taxes and pay-
                  ments in lieu of taxes, and provision for depre-
                  ciation on a straight-line basis at a rate of not
                  less than: (A) 4.6% per annum for its fiscal
                  years 1993 through 1996, and (B) 3.2% per annum
                  for its fiscal years following thereafter, of the
                  average current gross value of NPA's fixed assets
                  in operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                  Association, but excluding interest and other
                  charges on debt;
            (v)   the average current gross value of NPA's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one-
                  half of the sum of the gross value of NPA's fixed
                  assets in operation at the beginning and at the
                  end of the fiscal year, as valued from time to
                  time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Association; and
           (vi)   the term "current net value of NPA's fixed assets
                  in operation" means the gross value of NPA's
                  fixed assets in operation less the amount of
                  accumulated depreciation, as valued from time to
                  time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Association.
      Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, NPA shall not, for each of its fiscal years following next
after its fiscal year ending on March 31, 1993, incur any debt
unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and expenditures of NPA
for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to be incurred
shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt service requirements
of NPA in such year on all debt of NPA including the debt to be
incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of NPA
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
           (ii)   debt shall be deemed to be incurred:
                  (A)   under a loan contract or agreement or other
                        instrument providing for such debt or for
                        the modification of its terms of payment on
Page  6
                        the date of such contract, agreement or
                        instrument; and
                  (B)   under a guarantee agreement, on the date
                        the agreement providing for such guarantee
                        has been entered into;
          (iii)   the term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources relat-
                        ed to operations and net non-operating
                        income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions including administration, adequate
                        maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, but excluding provision for depreci-
                        ation, other non-cash operating charges and
                        interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)   the term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   the term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate of repayments (including sinking fund
                  payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt; and
           (vi)   the term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by NPA not earlier than twelve months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                  which both the Association and NPA accept as
                  reasonable and as to which the Association has
                  notified NPA of its acceptability, provided that
                  no event has occurred since such notification
                  which has, or may reasonably be expected in the
                  future to have, a material adverse effect on the
                  financial condition or future operating results
                  of NPA.
      Section 4.06. Whenever for the purposes of Sections 4.02,
4.03, 4.04 and 4.05 of this Agreement, it shall be necessary to
value, in terms of the currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
another currency, such valuation shall be made on the basis of the
prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
servicing such debt or, in the absence of such rate, on the basis of
a rate of exchange acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.07. (a) NPA shall provide in its tariff structure
for the adjustment, under a formula satisfactory to the Association,
of its electricity rates to levels appropriate to changes that may
occur: (i) in the rates of exchange between the dollar and the
Leone; and (ii) in fuel costs.
      (b)   NPA shall: (i) review the levels and structure of its
tariffs; and (ii) furnish to the Association semi-annually by
June 30 and December 31 each year a report on (A) the adequacy of
its tariffs to meet NPA's financial objectives under the Project,
and (B) the effects of its tariffs on autogeneration of electricity
by consumers.
      (c) NPA shall increase its average tariffs to a level
equivalent to: (i) at least $0.191 per KWh by October 1, 1992; and
Page  7
(ii) at least $0.222 per KWh by April 1, 1993.
      Section 4.08. If any such review as is referred to in
paragraph (b) of Sections 4.02, 4.03, 4.04, 4.06 and 4.07 above
shows that NPA would not meet the requirements set forth in the said
paragraph of the said Sections, NPA shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including adjustments of the structure or levels
of its tariffs) in order to meet such requirements.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of NPA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this Agree-
                  ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify NPA of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For NPA:
            National Power Authority
            Head Office
            Electricity House
Page  8
            36, Siaka Stevens Street
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ELECTRON                  3268
                  Freetown
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of NPA, or by NPA on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
NPA's General Manager or such other person or persons as NPA shall
designate in writing, and NPA shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edwin R. Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  NATIONAL POWER AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ W. B. Wright
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    The procedures referred to in paragraph 1 above shall be
applied, with such modifications as the Association shall deem
appropriate, to the procurement of the management services of the
utility and/or firm referred to in Part E (2) of the Project.
3.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a
third party.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Spare parts, computer software and proprietary items (up to an
Page  9
aggregate not to exceed $150,000 for proprietary items and $150,000
for other items) may be: (i) procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from a list of at
least three suppliers from at least two different countries eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association, or (ii) in the case of items of a proprietary
nature obtainable only from one source, purchased by direct
contracting from original suppliers or sources in accordance with
paragraph 3.5 (b) and (c) of the Guidelines.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist NPA in carrying out the Project, NPA shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
       Actions referred to in Section 3.05 of this Agreement
1.    (a)   NPA shall by December 31, 1994: (i) under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association carry out (A) a power
sector master plan study (including the technical studies for the
connection of the Bumbuna hydro-electric power project to NPA's
network), and (B) an environmental impact assessment of the said
Bumbuna project; (ii) furnish to the Association for its review and
comments the results of the said studies and assessment; and (iii)
carry out the recommendations of the studies and assessment in
accordance with a time table satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   NPA shall review with the Association annually its five-
year rolling investment program.
      (c)   NPA shall not carry out any investment project exceeding
Page  10
$1 million per year not included in the said investment program
without the Association's approval.
      (d)   NPA shall assume responsibility for the supervision of
all civil works for the Bumbuna hydro-electric power project.
2.    (a)   NPA shall: (i) by September 1, 1992, update its billings
to the Borrower; and (ii) by April 1, 1993, update its billings to
all other customers.
      (b)   NPA shall: (i) by March 31, 1993 reduce its accumulated
non-government receivables as of the end of fiscal year 1992 by at
least 50%; and (ii) thereafter write-off any such receivables as NPA
and the Association shall determine to be uncollectable.
      (c)   NPA shall ensure that its accounts receivables for new
bills shall not exceed 90 days billing in fiscal years 1993 and 1994
and 60 days billing in fiscal year 1995 and thereafter.
      (d)   NPA shall: (i) disconnect electric supply to all
customers who fail to settle in full their bills 60 days after the
billing date; and (ii) reduce by the end of its fiscal year 1997 its
non-technical power losses to at least 15% of net generation.
      (e)   NPA shall for tariff setting purposes: (i) revalue its
fixed assets by December 31, 1992, in accordance with sound and
consistently maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to the
Association; and (ii) carry out annual revaluations of the said
assets in accordance with the said methods of valuation.
      (f)   NPA shall, by December 31, 1992, reinsure with respon-
sible insurers its fixed assets in such amounts and in such freely
convertible currencies as shall be consistent with appropriate
practice.
3.    NPA shall, by October 1, 1992, take all action necessary
(including the adjustment of its tariffs) to ensure that residential
electricity tariffs for consumption exceeding the first 50 kWh of
consumption adequately reflect the cost to NPA of providing
electricity services to residential consumers.
4.    Without limiting the provisions of Section 4.01 (b) of this
Agreement, NPA shall furnish to the Association, by April 1, 1993,
its audited annual report for fiscal year 1992.
