Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3126 UNI
                     Akwa Ibom State Agreement
                       (Tree Crops Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                    AKWA IBOM STATE OF NIGERIA
                      Dated October 12, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 312 UNI
                     AKWA IBOM STATE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENTS, dated October 12, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and AKWA IBOM STATE OF
NIGERIA (Akwa Ibom State).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred six million dollars
($106,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that Akwa Ibom State agrees to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Akwa Ibom State (the Akwa Ibom state
Subsidiary Loan Agreement), a portion of the proceeds of the Loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to Akwa Ibom
State on the terms and conditions set forth in the Akwa Ibom State
Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (C)   by a second subsidiary loan agreement (the Akwa Palm
Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be entered into between Akwa
Page  2
Ibom State and Akwa Palm Industries Limited, the proceeds of the
Loan relent to Akwa Ibom State are to be relent to Akwa Palm
Industries Limited on the terms and conditions set forth in the Akwa
Palm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Akwa Ibom State, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Whenever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Akwa Palm Project Agreement" means the agreement
between the Bank and Akwa Palm Industries Limited of even date
herewith referred to in Section 1.02 (a) of the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the Akwa Ibom State
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Akwa Palm Second Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
      (c)   "Akwa Palm SDU" means the smallholders development unit
managed by Akwa Palm Industries Limited and referred to in Part A(2)
of the Project; and
      (d)   "Services and Inputs Supply Management Agreements" means
the agreement referred to in paragraph 3 of the Schedule to this
Agreement and Section 2.01 (d) of the Akwa Palm Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Akwa Ibom State declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and to this end, shall assist the carrying out of Parts
A and B through D of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and agricultural practices, and shall provide, or cause
to be provided promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources which Akwa Ibom State shall be required to
contribute for the said Parts of the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
obligations under this Agreement, Akwa Ibom State shall within the
limits of its powers cause Akwa Palm Industries Limited to perform
in accordance with the provisions of the Akwa Palm Project Agreement
and the Akwa Palm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement all the
obligations of Akwa Palm Industries Limited therein set forth,
shall take or cause to be taken all action, including the provision
of funds, facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable Akwa Palm Industries Limited to perform such
Obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (c)   Akwa Ibom State shall refrain from providing budgetary
or other funding support for oil palm or rubber plantations managed
by State-owned enterprises (excluding plantations managed by Akwa
Palm Industries Limited) other than budgetary or other support
required for minority interest capitalization or financial
restructuring in connection with the divestiture of any State owned
enterprise to the private sector.
      Section 2.02. Akwa Ibom State shall relend the proceeds of the
Page  3
Loan made available to it by the Borrower to Akwa Palm Industries
Limited under the Akwa Palm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement on
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the Bank,
including annual interest at the prevailing variable rate applicable
to loans made by the Bank, repayment of principal in twenty-two
years (including a grace period of seven years) and the assumption
by Akwa Ibom State of any foreign exchange risk relating to small
holder development unit costs incurred by Akwa Palm Industries
Limited under the Project and financed under the Akwa Palm Second
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Akwa Ibom State shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements and the Services
and Inputs Supply Management Agreement. Except as the Borrower and
the Bank shall otherwise agree, Akwa Ibom State shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreements or
the Services and Inputs Supply Management Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.04. (a) Akwa Ibom State shall, at the request of the
Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower and the Bank
with regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Akwa Ibom State shall promptly inform the Borrower and
the Bank of any Condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of the Loan, or the performance by Akwa Ibom State of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements.
      Section 2.05. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its obligations under this Agreement, Akwa Ibom State shall: (i)
provide in its annual budget amounts sufficient to cover Akwa Ibom
State's counterpart contributions to the costs of the Project; and
(ii) pay into the Akwa Palm SDU Project Account an initial amount
equivalent to Naira 300,000 representing 50% of Akwa Ibom State's
counterpart contributions to the first year's costs of the Akwa Palm
SDU components of Part A (2) and (3) of the Project; and (iii)
thereafter pay each quarter into the Akwa Palm SDU Project
Account (commencing from the quarter immediately following the
quarter in which the Loan Agreement becomes effective and no later
than the first month of each quarter) the respective counterpart
contributions of Akwa Ibom State to the said costs of the Project,
adjusted to take account of any payment by Akwa Ibom State of the
initial amount specified above. The Borrower, the Bank and Akwa Ibom
State presently estimate the said counterpart contributions to
amount in 1989 prices to $400,000 equivalent over the project
period.
      Section 2.06. Akwa Ibom State shall carry out the actions
described in the Schedule to this Agreement to the satisfaction of
the Bank, said Schedule being subject to modification from time to
time by agreement between the Borrower, Akwa Ibom State and the
Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 3.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan agreement becomes effective.
      Section 3.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Akwa Ibom State thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify Akwa Ibom State thereof.
      Section 3.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
Page  4
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE IV
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 4.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                        440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.                 248423 (RCA) or
                                                    64145 (WUI)
      For Akwa Ibom State:
            Honourable Commissioner
            Ministry of Finance and Economic
              Planning
            Uyo, Akwa Ibom State
            Nigeria
      Section 4.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Akwa Ibom State, or by Akwa Ibom State on
behalf of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or
executed by the Commissioner for Finance and Economic Planning, Akwa
Ibom State or such other person or persons as Akwa Ibom State shall
designate in writing, and Akwa Ibom State shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 4.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                  RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
Page  5
                  AKWA IBOM STATE OF NIGERIA
                  By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Actions Referred to in Section 2.06.
1.    Akwa Ibom State shall: (i) continue to assist Akwa Palm
Industries Limited to operate efficiently and autonomously; (ii)
inform the Bank of: (A) any proposed changes in the Board of
Directors of Akwa Palm Industries Limited; and (B) any proposed
investments or capital expenditures in Akwa Palm Industries Limited
which are additional to those in the Project; (iii) shall ensure
that any person appointed to the position of Managing Director of
Akwa Palm Industries Limited shall have qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank; (iv) shall
afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to comment on any major
changes proposed in the management contract referred to in Section
6.01 (d) of the Loan Agreement which is to be entered into by Akwa
Palm Industries Limited and a private estate management
organization.
2.    Akwa Ibom State shall enter into an agreement satisfactory to
the Bank with Akwa Palm Industries Limited (the Services and Inputs
Supply Management Agreement) for the management by Akwa Palm SDU of
the smallholder services and inputs supply program under Part A(2)
of the Project.
