Page  1
                                                        LOAN NUMBER 3126 UNI
                        Imo State Agreement
                       (Tree Crops Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                       IMO STATE OF NIGERIA
                      Dated October 12, 1990
                                                        LOAN NUMBER 3126 UNI
                      IMO STATE AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated October 12, 199O between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and IMO STATE OF NIGERIA
(Imo State).
    WHEREAS  (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and the Bank,  the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred six million dollars
(106,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that Imo State agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
    (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and Imo State (the Imo State Subsidiary Loan
Agreement),  a portion of the proceeds of the Loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be relent to Imo State on the terms
and conditions  set forth in the Imo State Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
    (C)  by a second subsidiary loan agreement  (the Adapalm Second
Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be entered into between Imo State and
Adapalm (Nigeria)  Limited,  the proceeds of the Loan relent to Imo
State are to be relent to Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan
Page  2
Agreement; and
    WHEREAS Imo State, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
    Section 1.01. Whenever used in this Agreement, unless context
otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement
the Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
    (a)  "Adapalm Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Bank and Adapalm (Nigeria)  Limited of even date herewith referred
to in Section 1.02 (a) of the Loan Agreement;
    (b)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the Imo State Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
    (c)  "Adapalm SDU" means the smallholders development unit
managed by Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited and referred to in Part A(2) of
the Project; and
    (d)  "Services and Inputs Supply Management Agreement" means the
agreement referred to in paragraph 3 of the Schedule to this
Agreement and Section 2.01 (d) of the Adapalm Project Agreement
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01.  (a) Imo State declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and to this end, shall assist the carrying out of Parts
A and B through D of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and agricultural practices, and shall provide, or cause
to be provided promptly as needed,  the funds, facilities, services
and other resources which Imo State shall be required to contribute
for the said Parts of the Project.
    (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
obligations under this Agreement, Imo State shall within the limits
of its powers cause Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited to perform in
accordance with the provisions of the Adapalm Project Agreement and
the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement all the obligations of
Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited therein set forth, shall take or cause to
be taken all action, including the provision of funds, facilities,
services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited to perform such obligations, and shall not
take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
    (c)  Imo State shall refrain from providing budgetary or other
funding support for oil palm or rubber plantations managed by
State-owned enterprises (excluding plantations managed by Adapalm
(Nigeria) Limited) other than budgetary or other support required
for minority interest capitalization or  financial
restructuring in connection with the divestiture of any State-owned
enterprise to the private sector.
    Section 2.02. Imo State shall relend the proceeds of the Loan
made available to it by the Borrower to Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited
under the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement on terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Bank, including
Page  3
annual interest at the prevailing variable rate applicable to loans
made by the Bank, repayment of principal in twenty-two years
(including a grace period of seven years) and the assumption by Imo
State of any foreign exchange risk relating to smallholder
development unit costs incurred by Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited under
the Project and financed under the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
    Section 2.03. Imo State shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements and the Services and Inputs
Supply Management Agreement. Except as the Borrower and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, Imo State shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreements  or the Services
and Inputs SuppLy Management Agreement or any provision thereof.
    Section 2.04.  (a)  Imo State shall,  at the request of the
Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower and the Bank
with regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
    (b)  Imo State shall promptly inform the Borrower and the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by Imo State of its obligations under  this
Agreement and under the  Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
    Section 2.05. Without limitation or restriction upon any of its
obligations under this Agreement, Imo State shall: (i) provide in
its annual budget amounts sufficient to cover Imo State's
counterpart contributions to the costs of the Project; and (ii) pay
into the Adapalm SDU Project Account an initial amount equivalent to
Naira 500,000, representing 50% of Imo State's counterpart
contributions to the first year's costs of the Adapalm SDU
components  of  Part  A  (2)  and  (3)  of  the  Project;  and (iii)
thereafter pay each quarter into the Adapalm SDU Project Account
(commencing from the quarter immediately following quarter in which
the Loan Agreement becomes effective and no later than the first
month of each quarter) the respective counterpart contributions of
Imo State to the said costs of the Project, adjusted to take account
of any payment by Imo State of the initial amount specified above.
The Borrower,  the Bank and Imo State presently estimate the said
counterpart contributions to amount in 1989 prices to $600,000
equivalent over the Project period.
    Section 2.06. Imo State shall carry out the actions described in
the Schedule to this Agreement to the satisfaction of the Bank, said
Schedule being subject to modification from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower, Imo State and the Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 3.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on
the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
    Section 3.02. This Agreement and all obligations of Imo State
thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement
shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall
promptly notify Imo State thereof.
    Section 3.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE IV
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
Page  4
    Section 4.01. Any notice or request required or permitted be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or
request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail,  telegram, cable, telex or
radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted to be
given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or at
such other address as such party shall have designated by notice to
the party giving such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
    For the Bank:
         International Bank for
           Reconstruction and Development
                     1818 H Street, N.W.
                  Washington, D.C. 20433
                United States of America
    Cable address:                              Telex:
         INTBAFRAD                              440098 (ITT)
         Washington, D.C.                       248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
    For Imo State:
         The Honorable Commissioner
         Ministry of finance and Economic Planning
         Owerri, Imo State
         Nigeria
    Section 4.02. Any action required or permitted to be  taken, and
any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Imo State, or by Imo State on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
Commissioner for Finance and Economic Planning, Imo State or such
other person or persons as Imo State shall designate in writing, and
Imo State shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
    Section 4.03.  This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America,  as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                          Regional Vice President
                                          Africa
                    IMO STATE OF NIGERIA
                    By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                                          Authorized Representative
Page  5
                             SCHEDULE
               Actions Referred to in Section 2.06.
1.   Imo State shall:  (i) continue to assist Adapalm (Nigeria)
Limited to operate efficiently and autonomously;  (ii) inform the
Bank of:  (A) any proposed changes in the Board of Directors of
Adapalm (Nigeria)  Limited;  and (B) any proposed investments or
capital expenditures in Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited which are addi-
tional to those in the Project; (iii) shall ensure that any person
appointed to the position of General Manager of Adapalm (Nigeria)
Limited shall have qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Bank; and (iv) shall afford the Bank a reasonable
opportunity to comment on any major changes proposed in the
management contract referred to in Section 6.01 (d) of the Loan
Agreement which is to be entered into by Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited
and a private estate management organization.
2.   Imo State shall enter into an agreement satisfactory to the
Bank with Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited (the Services and Inputs Supply
Management Agreement) for the management by Adapalm the smallholder
services and inputs supply program under Part A(2) of the Project.
