Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3126 UNI
                     Adapalm Project Agreement
                       (Tree Crops Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                     ADAPALM (NIGERIA) LIMITED
                      Dated October 12, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3126 UNI
                     ADAPALM PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 12, 1990, be tween INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and ADAPALM (NIGERIA)
LIMITED (Adapalm).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred six million dollars
($106,000,000) on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that Adapalm agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement (the Imo State Subsidiary
Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and Imo
State of Nigeria (Imo State), a portion of the proceeds of the Loan
will be made available to Imo State for relending to Adapalm on the
terms and conditions to be set forth in a second subsidiary loan
agreement (the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be
entered into between Imo State and Adapalm; and
      WHEREAS Adapalm, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Adapalm SDU Project Account" means the account referred
to in Section 2.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Adapalm Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the
agreement referred to in Section 2.02 of the Imo State Agreement;
      (d)   "Adapalm SDU" means the smallholders development unit
managed by Adapalm and referred to in Part A(2) of the Project; and
      (e)   "Services and Inputs Supply Management Agreement" means
the agreement referred to in Section 2.01 (d) of this Agreement and
paragraph 2 of the Schedule to the Imo State Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Adapalm declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and to this end, shall carry out Part A(2) and (3) of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and agriculturaL
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for Part A(2) and (3) of the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon Adapalm's
obligations under paragraph (a) of this Section, Adapalm shall: (i)
provide in its annual budget amounts sufficient to cover Adapalm's
counterpart contributions to the costs of the Project; (ii) open and
maintain an account at a commercial bank (the Adapalm SDU Project
Account) to be used exclusively for Adapalm SDU expenditures under
Part A(2) and (3) of the Project. The Borrower, the Bank and Adapalm
presently estimate Adapalm's contributions to Project costs to
amount in 1989 prices to $8,500,000 equivalent over the Project
period.
      (c)   Adapalm shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in dollars a special account (the Adapalm Special Account)
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Adapalm Special
Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
2 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Adapalm shall enter into an agreement satisfactory to
the Bank with Imo State (the Services and Inputs Supply Management
Agreement) for the management by Adapalm SDU of the smallholder
services and inputs supply program under Part A(2) of the Project.
        Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for
Part A(2) and (3) of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
1 to this Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. Adapalm shall carry out the obligation set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. Adapalm shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Services
and Inputs Supply Management Agreement. Except as the Borrower and
the Bank shall otherwise agree, Adapalm shall not take or concur in
any action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
the Services and Inputs Supply Management Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Adapalm shall, at the request of the
Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower and the Bank
with regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Adapalm Second
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Adapalm shall promptly inform the Borrower and the Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by Adapalm of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Adapalm Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. Adapalm shall as from January 1, 1990: (i)
purchase oil palm Fresh Fruit Bunches (FFB) at prevailing market
prices at all of its oil palm mills; and (ii) recover SDU costs
through appropriate deductions from the prices paid by Adapalm to
Adapalm SDU farmers for their oil palm fruit produce.
      Section 2.07. Adapalm shall no later than one month before the
start of each financial year furnish to its Board of Directors for
the Board's approval and to the Bank for information Adapalm's
annual budget (including details of the services and inputs to be
supplied by Adapalm SDU to monocrop oil palm smallholders under
Part A(2) of the Project).
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Adapalm shall maintain or cause to be main-
tained separate records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of Adapalm responsible for carrying out the Project.
      (b)   Adapalm shall:
            (i)   have the accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of
                  this Section (including the Adapalm Special
                  Account) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited,
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
Page  4
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on behalf of Adapalm on the basis of
statements of expenditure, Adapalm shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Adapalm thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Adapalm thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
Page  5
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                            64145 (WUI)
      For Adapalm:
            The General Manager
            Adapalm (Nigeria) Limited
            P.M.B. 1044
            Owerri, Imo State
            Nigeria
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Adapalm, or by Adapalm on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
General Manager of Adapalm or such other person or persons as
Adapalm shall designate in writing, and Adapalm shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the date and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                   RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  ADAPALM (NIGERIA) LIMITED
                  By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                                         Authorized Representative
               SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Goods and works estimated to cost $500,000 or more equivalent
including the following items shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Loans" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines):
      (a)   all items included under Category (1) in Schedule 1 to
the Loan Agreement relating to construction of palm oil mills;
      (b)   all items included under Category (2) in Schedule 1 to
the Loan Agreement with the exception of motor-cycles, water pumps,
research equipment, office furniture and equipment and spare parts;
and
      (c)   all palm oil mill equipment included under Category (4)
Page  6
in Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement with the exception of replace-
ment parts.
2.    Bidders for works included in Part A(3) of the Project shall
be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.l hereof, goods manufactured in Nigeria may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods and works estimated to cost an amount equivalent to
$60,000 or more but less than $500,000 equivalent including all
building construction works under Category (1) in Schedule 1 to the
Loan Agreement may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Goods and works estimated to cost less than $60,000 equivalent
per contract may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Nucleus estate and smallholder oil palm planting and nursery
operations may be carried out by force account (i.e. by resident
casual or smallholder labor) or under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of quotations solicited from experienced local
contractors in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.    To the extent practicable, contracts for building construction
shall be grouped in bid packages of $200,000 or more each.
Part E:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Adapalm
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Adapalm Special Account in respect of such contract.
       (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Adapalm Special Account, said
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
Page  7
of the contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 3.01 (c)(ii) of this Agreement.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist Adapalm in carrying out the Project,
Adapalm shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Adapalm Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (l)(a),
(2)(a), (3)(a), (4)(a), (5)(a) and (6)(a) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part A(2) and (3) of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equiva-
lent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited
into the Adapalm Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Adapalm Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the pro-
visions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Adapalm Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Adapalm Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Adapalm Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Adapalm Special Account,
                  the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
                  for deposits into the Adapalm Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to paragraph
Page  8
                  4 of this Schedule for the payment or payments It
                  respect of which replenishment is requested. On
                  the basis of each such request, the Bank shall,
                  on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
                  Account and deposit into the Adapalm Special
                  Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                  requested and as shall have been shown by said
                  documents and other evidence to have been made
                  out of the Adapalm Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Adapalm
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Adapalm Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Adapalm Special Account as of
the date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Adapalm Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank:
(A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Adapalm Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so
request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless
the Bank shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into
the Adapalm Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Adapalm Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the
Bank such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Adapalm
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 5 (a),
Page  9
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Condition.
