Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2085 HA
             Development Credit Agreement
                (First Health Project)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF HAITI
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated February 2, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2085 HA
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 2, 1990, between
REPUBLIC OF HAITI (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION  (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself
as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has
requested the Association to assist in the financing of
the Project;
     (B) the Borrower intends to contract from Canadian
International Development Agency (CIDA) a grant (the
CIDA Grant) in an amount of Canadian dollars equivalent
to $2,400,000 to assist in financing Part B.8 (a)
through (e) of the Project on the terms and conditions
set forth in an agreement (the CIDA Grant Agreement) to
be entered into between the Borrower and CIDA;
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to
the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in
Page  2
this Agreement
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable
to Development Credit Agreements" of the Association,
dated January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of
Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions),
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires,  the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Model" means the Basic Health Services
Delivery Model it described in Annex 1 to Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, as amended ;from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Association and,
if the context so requires, the term means also the
said description;
    (b)  "NGO"  means  a  privately  owned  and
controlled organization that delivers health care
services and/or provides health care training services,
and that has been included in Annex 2 to Schedule 2 of
the Loan Agreement, as said Annex may be amended from
time to time by agreement between the Borrower and the
Association;
     (c)  "Western Health Region" means the following
four health districts of the Borrower:  Port-au-Prince,
Croix tea Bouquets, Jacmel and Petit Goave included in
the geographical departments of West and Southeast;
     (d)  "MSPP" means the Borrower's Ministere de la
Sante Publique et de la Population, the Borrower's
Ministry of Public Health and Population; and the term
"Priority Health Intervention" means the following list
of MSPP priority primary health care interventions:
(i)  maternal child health/family planning; (ii)
nutrition;  (iii)  immunizations;  (iv)  control of
diarrheal diseases;  (v)  tuberculosis;  (vi) malaria;
and (vii)  acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS),
and the terms may include some other interventions as
agreed from time to time in writing between the
Borrower and the Association;
     (e)  "Area of Part B of the Project" means the
area of the Uestern Health Region and the term includes
one or more additional health districts of the
Borrower, or parts thereof, out of said area, as may be
agreed upon in writing between the Borrower and the
Association;
     (f)  "Programmatic Area" means an integrated
commune-based referral  system  in a given well-defined
geographical area circumscribed around a number of
health care institutions under the supervision of a
multidisciplinary team in charge of planning,
organizing, coordinating,  implementing and evaluating
the health care activities  to be provided in such
area,  as more fully described in the Model and the
term "Programmatic Area Team" means the aforesaid team;
     (g)  "Rally Post Approach" means a methodology for
Page  3
delivery of health care services by gathering the
target population group at regular intervals at a
convenient location where the services are provided to
the population, as more fully described in the Model;
     (h)  "IEC  activities" means  information,
education and communication activities including, but
not limited to, production and broadcasting of messages
on health related matters  on television and radio, and
materials development and production;
     (i)  "AGAPCO" means Agence d'Approvisionnement des
Pharmacies Communautaires, an administrative
sub-division of MSPP vested with responsibilities for
the purchase and distribution of essential drugs and
medical supplies;
     (j)  "Restructuring of MSPP" means changes in the
structure of MSPP, including, but not limited to,
distributing some of the functions of MSPP's Director
General among 4 Assistant Director Generals one of whom
would be directly responsible for Priority Health
Interventions, the administrative decentralization of
MSPP through the establishment of Programmatic Areas in
the Western Health Region, and the carrying out of the
Redeployment Plan;
     (k)  "Redeployment Plan" means a plan agreed from
time to time between the Borrower and the Association
covering, inter alia, MSPP's recruitment and retirement
policies, strengthening of personnel norms and
standards, including job descriptions and pre-requisits
for each position and the creation of incentives for
staff to work outside Port-au-Prince;
     (l)  "Project Management Unit" means the unit set
up within MSPP under the Project Preparation Advance;
     (m)  "ICC" means International Child Care, an NGO,
as defined in paragraph (b) above;
     (n)  "CAT" means Croisade Antituberculose,  an
anti tuberculosis program operated by ICC in Haiti;
     (o)  "BCPLT" means MSPP's Bureau de Coordination
du Programme de Lutte Contre la Tuberculose;
     (p)  "Project Preparation Advances" means the
protect preparation advance granted by the Association
to the Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters
dated August 7, 1987 and October 19, 1987 between the
Borrower and the Association,  as the amount thereof
was increased with an amount of $190,000 to an
aggregate amount of $750,000 and with an amount of
$150,000 to an aggregate amount of $900,000 pursuant to
further exchanges of letters dated February 15,  1989
and April 7,  1989,  and November 9,  1989 and November
15, 1989, respectively;
     (q)  "Gourde" means the unit of currency of the
Borrower; and
     (r)  "Fiscal Year" means  the Fiscal Year of the
Borrower which currently begins on October 1 in each
calendar year.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to
Page  4
the Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement,  an
amount in various currencies equivalent to twenty two
million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 22,200,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or,  if the Association shall so
agree,  to be made)  in respect of the reasonable cost
of goods and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advances withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advances shall thereupon be
cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1996 or such later date as the Association shall
establish.  The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each
year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue:  (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement
(the accrual date) to the respective dates on which
amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the
Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set
as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual
date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The
rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be applied
from the next date in that year specified in Section
2.06 of this Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as  the Association shall reasonably
request;  (ii)  without restrictions of any kind
imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and
(iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions
or in such other eligible currency or currencies as may
from time to time be designated or selected pursuant to
the provisions of that Section.
     Section 2.05.  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of
three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service
charges shall be payable semiannually on January 15 and
July 15 in each year.
     Section 2.07.  (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and
(c) below, the Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Credit in semi-annual installments
Page  5
payable on each January 15 and July 15 commencing July
15,  2000 and ending January 15,  2030.  Each
installment to and including the installment payable on
January 15, 2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall
be two percent  (2%)  of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall
consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending,
the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy,  modify the
terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the
amount of each such installment not yet due until the
principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid.
If so requested by the Borrower,  the Association may
revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or
all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments,  the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph  (b)  above,  the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
     Section 2.09. The Minister of Public Health and
Population or the person or persons appointed by him
for the purpose,  are designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purpose of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions
of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this
end, shall carry out the Project through MSPP with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and public health
practices, and shall provide,  promptly as needed,  the
funds,  facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limiting the generality of paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Borrower shall: (i) maintain
and operate the Project Management Unit within MSPP, as
expanded by means of Part A.4 of the Project, until the
report provided for under Section 9.06 (c) of the
General Conditions has been submitted to the
Page  6
Association and,  without limitation or restriction to
the provisions of paragraph (a) above, shall provide
the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for  its operation,  and shall accordingly
maintain at all times within its staff an Executive
Director, a Project Controller and a Chief Engineer all
of whom shall be persons with qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Association, and who
shall discharge their functions under terms os
reference also satisfactory to the Association; and
(ii) maintain each Programmatic Area staffed, or cause
each Programmatic Area to be staffed, in accordance
with paragraph 3 of the Model.
     (c)  Without limiting the generality of paragraph
(a) of this Section, and for purposes of the carrying
out of Part C.1 of the Project, the Borrower shall: (i)
establish and maintain a coordinating unit that will
liaise with MSPP through the Director of BCPLT and that
shall be composed of representatives of MSPP, ICC, the
Project Management Unit and the Pan American Health
Organization; (ii) comply with all its obligations and
exercise all its rights under the agreement to be
entered into between the paragraph (c) of Section 6.01
of this Agreement; and (iii) not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive the agreement referred to in (ii)
above, or any provision thereof, except with the
Association's concurrence.
     (d)  Except with the Association's concurrence,
the Borrower shall comply with all its obligations and
exercise all its rights under each of the agreements
entered into pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) and 3 (c) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and shall not amend,
assign, abrogate or waive any of such agreements or any
provision thereof.
     (e)  For purposes of the carrying out of the
Project and without limitation or restriction upon the
provision of paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall
maintain an account in Gourdes, to be opened pursuant
to Section 6.01 of this Agreement (the Project
Account), make adequate deposits into the Project
Account, so as to maintain the average quarterly
balance thereof at an approximate level of not less
than the equivalent of $250,000 or such other level as
agreed from time to time between the Borrower and the
Association and make payments out of the Project
Account exclusively for expenditures required for the
Project.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03 (a) The Borrower shall undertake a
study for purposes of Part A.2 of the Project and shall
ensure that such study is completed in a timely fashion
so as to enable discussions between the Borrower and
the Association on the findings and recommendations of
such study to be finished by not later than April 30,
l991.
     (b)  The Borrower shall put into effect, by not
later than September 30, 1991, those recommendations
agreed upon between the Borrower and the Association
pursuant to paragraph (a) above, including the
undertaking of carrying out at least two additional
studies on the consequences of having put into effect
Page  7
said recommendations.
     (c)  The Borrower shall undertake the additional
studies referred to in paragraph (b) above, if any, in
a timely fashion so as  to enable at least two sessions
of discussions with the Association of such additional
studies to be finished before the end of the third and
fifth anniversary of the Effective Date, respectively,
and shall put into effect, in a timely fashion, those
recommendations of said additional studies agreed upon
between the Borrower and the Association.
     Section 3.04.  The Borrower shall,  on each year
during the execution of the Project, and not later than
a date four months prior to the beginning of the next
Fiscal Year: (a) submit to the Association for review
and comments the public sector health budget and for
approval the detailed plan of Project expenditures,
both for the next following year; and (b) without
limitation or restriction of the generality of Section
9.06 (a) of the General Conditions, review with the
Association, at the request of either party, the
Project progress achieved in respect to execution and
impact and in respect to budgetary allocation and
management of health resources, all on the basis of
monitoring and evaluation indicators agreed between the
Borrower and the Association.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
(including the Project Account referred to in paragraph
(e) of Section 3.01 of this Agreement) adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect
of the Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
         (i)    have  the records and accounts
                referred to  in paragraph (a) of this
                Section for each fiscal year audited,
                in accordance with appropriate auditing
                principles consistently applied,  by
                independent auditors acceptable to the
                Association;
        (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                available, but in any case not later
                than six months after the end of each
                such year,  a certified copy of the
                report of such audit by said auditors,
                of such scope and in such detail as the
                Association shall have reasonably
                requested; and
       (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                information concerning said records,
                accounts and the audit thereof as the
                Association shall from time to time
                reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
Page  8
         (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                accordance with paragraph (a)  of this
                Section,  records and accounts
                reflecting such expenditures;
        (ii)    retain, until at least one year after
                the Association has received the audit
                for the fiscal year in which the last
                withdrawal from the Credit Account was
                made, all records (contracts, orders,
                invoices, bills,  receipts and other
                documents)  evidencing such
                expenditures;
       (iii)    enable the Association's
                representatives to examine such
                records; and
        (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts
                are included in the annual audit
                referred to in paragraph (b) of this
                Section and that the report of such
                audit contains a separate opinion by
                said auditors as to whether the
                statements of expenditure submitted
                during such fiscal year, together with
                the procedures and internal controls
                involved in their preparation,  can be
                relied upon to support the related
                withdrawals.
     Section 4.02.  (a) The Borrower shall take all
such measures as shall be necessary to achieve during
the Fiscal Years ending on September 30 of the years
1990, 1991, l992, 1993, 1994 and each year thereafter,
ratio between salaries and other operating expenses of
84.5/15.5, 81/19, 77.5/22.5, 74/26, 70/30 and 70/30,
respectively.
     (b)  Without limiting or restricting the
generality of the preceding paragraph,  the Borrower
shall take all such measures (including but not limited
to the Restructuring of MSPP and the carrying out of
the Redeployment Plan) as shall be necessary to ensure
that the:  (i)  total operating expenses,  attributable
to MSPP's central administration have decreased by 25%
in real terms by September 30, l990 from its level as
of June 30, 1989, and by 15% in real terms by September
30,  1992 from its level as of September 30,  1990;
and (ii) level of total operating expenses attributable
to MSPP's central administration are not increased in
real terms,  after September 30,  1992 from the level
achieved pursuant to (i) hereof.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section, the following
terms have the following meaning:
         (i)    "Salaries" means any form of
                remuneration paid or to be paid by the
                Borrower during the year in question to
                full-or part-time staff of MSPP;
        (ii)    "Other operating expenses" means
                operating expenses of MSPP, other than
                salaries, during the year in question
                including, but not limited to
                supervision, training, purchase and
                distribution of drugs and medical
                supplies, and maintenance of facilities
                and equipment (including vehicles of
                all kinds); and
Page  9
       (iii)    "Total operating expenses attributable
                to MSPP's central administration" means
                the aggregate of salaries plus other
                operating expenses directly related to
                the operation of the following MSPP's
                offices located in Port-au-Prince:
                Bureau Central constituted by Bureau du
                Ministre,  Direction Generale of MSPP,
                Direction d'Assistance Publique,
                Direction d'Hygiene  Publique,
                Direction  de l'Administration
                Generale,  and Unite de Coordination
                tea  Programmes  Prioritaires  and
                other offices as may be determined from
                time to time by the Borrower and  the
                Association.
     Section 4.03. The Borrower shall:
     (a) cause all health facilities, including those
constructed and equipped under the Project,  to be
efficiently operated and maintained,  and the services
to be furnished thereunder to be provided promptly as
needed, all in conformity with appropriate practices
and by competent personnel in adequate numbers; and
     (b)  provide, or cause to be provided, as and when
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for purposes of paragraph (a) above.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  Any of the agreements referred to in
paragraph (d) of Section 3.01 or in paragraph (c) of
Section 6.01, both of this Agreement,  shall have been
terminated,  or any of the parties thereto shall have
failed to comply with any of its obligations
thereunder.
     (b) (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
                paragraph, the right of the Borrower to
                withdraw the proceeds of the CIDA Grant
                shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                terminated in whole or in part,
                pursuant to the terms of the CIDA Grant
                Agreement; and
        (ii)    subparagraph (i) of this paragraph
                shall not apply if the Borrower
                establishes to the satisfaction of the
                Association that:  (A)  such
                suspension, cancellation or termination
                is not caused by the failure of the
                Borrower to perform any of its
                obligations under such agreement; and
                (B) adequate funds for the Project are
                available to the Borrower from other
                sources on terms and conditions
                consistent with the obligations of the
                Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions,  the following additional event is
specified, namely that any event specified in paragraph
Page  10
(a) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and
shall continue for a period of 60 days after notice
thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
    Section 6.01.  The following events are specified
as additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  that the Project Account referred to in
Section 3.01 (e) of this Agreement has been opened by
the Borrower on terms and conditions  satisfactory to
the Association and to be used exclusively  for  the
Project  in a bank acceptable  to  the Association, and
that an amount in Gourdes equivalent to $750,000 has
been deposited into said account;
     (b)  that key staff positions  in each of the
following Programmatic Areas have been filled: Zones
Cathedrale, Portail de Leogane,  Cite Soleil and St.
Martin I, and communes Carrefour, Petionville, Bainet,
Cabaret, Croix-des-Bouquets, Jacmel, Leogane,
Petit-Goave, Thomazeau, l'Arcahaie, Kenscoff, Cotes de
Fer, Grand Goave and Thiotte; and
     (c)  that the Borrower and ICC have entered into
an agreement on terms and conditions acceptable to the
Association stipulating, inter alia,  the type of
expenditures to be financed under the Credit in respect
of such NGO and provisions to the effect stipulated in
paragraph 7 (b) of the Model.
     Section 6.02. The date of May 9, 1990 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 6.03.  The  obligations  of  the Borrower
under Sections 4.02 and 4.03 of this Agreement shall
cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the
date twenty years after the date of this Agreement,
whichever shall be the earlier.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  Except as provided in Section 2.09
of this Agreement, the Minister of Economy and Finance
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministere de l'Economie et tea Finances
          Palais tea Ministeres
          Port-au-Prince
          Haiti
Page  11
          Cable address:           Telex:
               Ministere de l'Economie  2030347
                  et dea Finances
               Port-au-Prince
               Haiti
                                        Telefax:
                                        509-1-31247
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                        64145  (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America,  as of the day and year first above written.
                    REPUBLIC OF HAITI
                    By /s/ Franck Paultre
                         Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    By /s/ Shahid Husain
                     Regional Vice President
                     Latin America and the Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE l
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
l.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items
so to be financed in each Category:
                     Amount of the
                   Credit Allocated        % of
                     (Expressed in       Expenditures
Category            SDR Equivalent)      to be Financed
(1) Works                2,670,000       100%
(2) Equipment, furni-    6,670,000       100%
    ture, medical
Page  12
    supplies and drugs
    (other than for
    Part C.2 of the
    Project)
(3) Goods and services    1,340,000      100%
    for Part C.2 of
    the Project
(4) Vehicles and          2,360,000      100%
    motorcycles
(5) Technical assistance  1,260,000      100%
    services other than
    for Part B.8 (a)
    through (e) of the
    Project
(6) Training and
    Fellowships:
    (a) Per diem, and    1,180,000      100%
        transportation
        and materials
        for training
        ex-penditures
        under Part B.8
        (a) through (e)
        of the Project
        other than
        technical
        assistance
        services
    (b) Fellowships         80,000      100%
        abroad
(7) Salaries of the      3,930,000      100%
    Project Unit, and
    Non-salary Operating
    Costs
(8) Refunding of           710,000      Amount due
    Project Prepara-                    pursuant to
    tion Advances                       Section 2.02 of this
                                        Agreement
(9) Unallocated          2,000,000
    TOTAL               22,200,000
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a) the term "Per diem" means expenditures directly
related to subsistence of personnel of the MSPP
involved in training and
supervision activities; and
    (b) the term "Salaries of the Project Management
Unit" means salaries of the Director, professional
staff and support personnel of the Project Management
Unit, and the term,  "Non-salary operating costs"
means:  (i)  expenditures  for operation and
maintenance of vehicles financed under Category (4) of
the table set forth in paragraph 1 above;  (ii)
communications,  office supplies and other sundries
supplies and office maintenance expenditures  of  the
Project Management Unit;  and  (iii) expenditures for
Page  13
the production and printing of forms referred to in
Part B (f) of the Project.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1
above,  no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
    (a) payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;
    (b) payments made under Category (1) of the table
set forth in paragraph 1 above,  in respect of an NGO
and on account of expenditures under Part B of the
Project,  as the case may be, unless the Borrower and
the NGO in question have entered into an agreement,  on
terms  and conditions  satisfactory  to  the
Association,  stipulating,  inter alia,  the type of
expenditures to be financed under the Credit in respect
of such NGO, and provisions to the effect stipulated in
paragraph 7  (a) of the Model, as applicable; and
    (c) payments made under Category (3) of the Table
set forth in paragraph l of this Schedule on account of
expenditures under Part C.2 of the Project, unless the
Borrower shall have entered into an agreement with the
Pan American Health Organization, (PA HO) on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, stipulating
the role of PAHO in respect of the carrying out of Part
C.2 of the Project and the respective obligations of
PAHO and the Borrower thereunder.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are: (a) reducing
MSPP central administration expenditures;  (b) reducing
the current ratio of salaries to operating
expenditures;  (c)  improve collection of patient
contribution to the cost of medical services and drugs;
(d) strengthening key management and technical
functions of the MSPP;  (e) reducing the maternal and
child mortality rates;  and (f)  countering the
potentially devastating effects of AIDS and
tuberculosis epidemics.
    The Project consists of the following parts,
subject to such modifications thereof as the Borrower
and the Association may agree upon from time to time to
achieve such objectives:
Part A: Institutional Development
1.  Restructuring of MSPP, including the enactment of
legislation required there for, and executing the
Redeployment Plan.
2.  (a) Rationalization of the cost-recovery mechanisms
for health services rendered so as to ensure that said
mechanisms are more equitable, including clarifying the
structure and application of the fee schedule current
as of September l, 1989 and its impact on demand for
services  among the poorest segments  of the population
and enhancing transparency in the collection and
accountability of user charges for health services.
    (b) Establishment of budgetary mechanisms to ensure
(i) that budgeted resources which are not required any
longer to cover staff remuneration expenditures within
any given fiscal year, due to savings in staff related
budget items,  remain available to MSPP, during such
Page  14
fiscal year or following ones, for other MSPP operating
expenses  including,  but not limited to,  medical
materials and supplies,  and (ii)  that data bases and
financial information of MSPP and the Borrower's
Ministry of Finance are consistent,  so as to enable
stricter control over MSPP's staff remuneration
expenses.
3.  Reinforcement of AGAPCO and improvement of the
capacity of MSPP to manage pharmacies  in health
institutions,  and in particular,  to oversee cost
recovery and quality assurance procedures,  including
the upgrading of three drug storage facilities operated
by MSPP through AGAPCO and the acquisition of one small
truck and two vehicles to improve AGAPCO's distribution
and supervision capacity.
4.  Reinforcement of MSPP's institutional capacity for
planning, procurement and execution of civil works by
the creation of a Civil Work Technical Office within
the Project Management Unit that will concentrate its
activities in respect of Part B.4 of the Project to be
later expanded, upon completion thereof, to support
civil works activities in health regions of the
Borrower other than the Western Health Region, and that
will be responsible for (a) development of standard
designs for new facility construction and large scale
rehabilitation works,  and for the selection of
consulting engineers and contractors there for; and (b)
supervision of works.
5.  Acquisition and utilization of technical assistance
services for all of the above.
Part B:   Health Services Delivery
l.  Utilization of the Model so as to rationalize and
improve overall health service delivery in the Area of
Part B of the Project and to better carry out the
remainder of this Part of the Project.
2.  (a) Acquisition and utilization of equipment,
furniture supplies, drugs, materials, and vehicles, so
as to enable about ll institutions in the Project Area
and a mobile unit to be used in the Area of Part B of
the Project,  to provide family planning information
and services.
    (b) Supplementing (a) above and the training
program under 8 below with a series of special one-day
workshops and seminars in maternal health/family
planning.
    (c) Supplementing (a) above by means of the
utilization of about 40 man-months of technical
assistance services for the delivery of family planning
services,  development of strategies for IEC
activities, implementation of procedures for screening
and referring at obstetric and reproductive risks and
improving data collection on maternal mortality and
abortion and development of a nutrition strategy.
3.  Planning,  preparation and organization of a
conference on safe motherhood to be hosted by MSPP
during the third year of the Project execution, to be
supplemented by one follow-up seminar in each of the
Borrower's Health Regions.
4.  Construction of about 6 dispensaries and 5 health
centers and rehabilitation of about 16 health centers
and 1 dispensary, and housing facilities for personnel
of institutions  in isolated locations, all within
Programmatic Areas, as listed in Section I of Annex 3
Page  15
hereto as it may be changed from time to time by
agreement between the  Borrower  and  the Association;
and acquisition of equipment and furniture there for,
and for the remainder of the health centers and
dispensaries located in Programmatic Areas in the Area
of Part B of the Project.
5.  Acquisition and utilization of photovoltaic
equipment for the Health centers and dispensaries shown
in Section II of Annex 3 hereto,  as it may be changed
from time to time by agreement between the Borrower and
the Association.
6.  (a) Acquisition for,  and utilization by, AGAPCO,
of seed stocks of about 30 essential drugs, and other
essential medical supplies, to serve as working capital
for AGAPCO.
    (b) In-service training and drug information
services for practitioners in the Area of Part B of the
Project to improve the skills  of health workers  in
managing drug supply and in prescribing and dispensing
drugs.
7.  Acquisition and utilization of about 75 four-wheel
drive vehicles and 18 motorcycles to be utilized in the
supervision of health services to be provided in the
Area of Part B of the Project.
8.  (a) Management training of about 30 key persons of
the departmental and district offices in the said Area.
    (b) Management training of teams for each of the
Programmatic Areas.
    (c) Technical re-training in primary health care
for about 100 physicians, 90 nurses, 360 auxiliaries
and 150 health agents.
    (d) Technical training in primary health care for
about 20 new health officers and 160 new health agents,
and in community health, for staff of about 360
hospitals, all in the Area of Part  B of the Project.
    (e) Strengthening of MSPP's Directorate of Health
Education, including acquisition there for and
utilization thereby, of about 50 man-months of
technical assistance services and training materials
and equipment, and training of the staff thereof.
    (f) Production and printing of monitoring and
evaluation forms for the departments and district
offices, health institutions and Programmatic Areas
Teams.
    (g) Construction of about 10,000 latrines and works
for the protection and maintenance of about 106 water
sources, all in the Area of Part B of the Project,
including training of users, and supervision by
sanitary officers.
Part C: Epidemic Prevention and Control
1.  Development of an Integrated National Tuberculosis
Control Program aimed at increasing treatment
compliance and success rate and expanding treatment
coverage.  The Program will include the following:
    (a) Conversion of the  current standard
tuberculosis treatment to a multiple drug short-term
treatment by: (i) phasing out gradually the current
Page  16
treatment so as to fully replace it within a 36-month
period by a new one comprising the use of isoniazid,
rifampin, pyrazinamide and ethambutol during an about
two-month intensive phase, followed by a two-drug
(isoniazid and thiacetazone)  consolidation  phase  of
six  months;  and (ii)  acquisition of drugs by MSPP
and utilization thereof for these purposes.
    (b) Strengthening of the BCPLT through the
reinforcement of its control and supervision capacity
and the consolidation of the activities of CAT and
BCPLT in the carrying out of the Integrated National
Tuberculosis Control Program referred to in C.l above.
    (c) Strengthening  of  tuberculosis  diagnosis  and
of supervision thereof by means  of:  (i)  acquisition
for,  and utilization by health centers and
dispensaries nationwide of equipment and reagents for
sputum microscopies;  (ii) sharing by BCPLT and ICC of
responsibilities in supervision through review of the
positive slides and an equivalent number of negative
slides, and periodical inspections on the spot; and
(iii) acquisition of about 35 four-wheel drive vehicles
for BCPLT,  and utilization thereof by BCPLT, and by
ICC under the terms of the agreement to be entered
pursuant to Section 6.01 (c) of this Agreement.
    (d) Acquisition of,  and utilization by,  MSPP's
National Reference Laboratory of the additional
equipment and materials required, so as to enable said
Reference Laboratory to strengthen its current
supervisory role of all microscopy centers in Haiti and
in addition thereto,  to  perform sensitivity studies,
diagnostic cultures  and applied research,  all related
to tuberculosis treatment.
    (e) Technical assistance for, and training of, MSPP
staff, for all of the above  as required.
2.  Support  of  the  Borrower's  National AIDS
Medium-term Prevention and Control Program by
integrating specific control activities of the said
Program with the activities related to the application
of the Model in the Western Region and to Part C.l of
the Project, as follows:
    (a) Reduction of transmission through  injections
and skin piercing instruments by means of supplying
about 37 health centers with disposable gloves,  gowns,
single-use needles and syringes and developing a manual
on safety measures for health care workers.
    (b) Reduction of transmission through blood
transfusion by strengthening the blood transfusion
centers in Port-au-Prince and Jacmel by means of the:
(i) acquisition there for, and utilization thereby, of
operational and safety supplies, and of equipment to
perform confirmatory testing; (ii) training of
technicians in said testing techniques; and (iii)
renovation and modernization of the physical plants of
the above referred transfusion centers.
    (c) Development by MSPP of a newsletter concerning
AIDS situation and prevention activities in Haiti to be
distributed free  of charge  to health institutions,
physicians and the interested public.
    (d) Integrated training  for  auxiliaries,  nurses
and physicians in health institutions in Haiti on
aspects of AIDS and tuberculosis prevention and
treatment.
Page  17
    (e) Systematic testing of human immunodeficiency
virus (HIV) of patients with tuberculosis.
    (f) Joint  epidemiological  evaluation  of AIDS
and tuberculosis, particularly with studies focusing on
clinical and epidemiological follow-up of HIV positive
tuberculosis patients.
    (g) Hosting by MSPP of a conference on tuberculosis
and AIDS.
                        *  *  *
The Project is expected to be completed by December 31,
1995.
                 ANNEX 1 TO SCHEDULE 2
         Basic Health Services Delivery Model
l.  The Model has been designed so as to aim,  through
its application, at improving the health status of the
population in the Project Area by achieving a reduction
in morbidity and mortality rates. The underlying
strategy is to rationalize and to improve service
delivery of primary health care services by better
mobilizing human and financial resources available
within the Programmatic Areas  in question and by
enhancing the existing organizational and managerial
structure while adapting it for the purposes of the
said strategy.
2.  In order to achieve a reduction in morbidity and
mortality in the Area of Part B of the Project, the
Model will focus on the Priority Health Interventions
with a particular targeting of mothers and children,
and will utilize the following organizational and
operational framework: (a) the organization of the Area
of Part B of the Project in Programmatic Areas; (b) the
delivery of simple  standard health services  through
the Rally Post Approach; and (c) the support to
selected NGO's in the Area of Part B of the Project.
3.  The health care institutions  in the said Area will
be organized in 30 Programmatic Areas, each of which
will constitute an integrated referral system.  For
each Programmatic Area,  a Programmatic Area Team would
assume responsibility for planning, coordination,
implementation,  and evaluation activities carried out
in the said Programmatic Area.  The Programmatic Area
Team, which will usually be based in a health center
(but may, in some instances be based in a dispensary)
will be composed of 1 doctor, 1 nurse,  1 auxiliary,
and 1 sanitary officer. The Programmatic Area Team
would be complemented by health services delivery
personnel as follows: (1) at the dispensary level: 2
auxiliaries, and l laboratory technician;  (2) at the
health-center-without-beds level: 3 auxiliaries, 1
laboratory technician, 1 dentist, 1 pharmacy-clerk,  1
clerk-statistician,  and 1 administrator;  and (3) at
the health-center-with-beds level: 2 doctors, 2 nurses,
1 dentist,  1  laboratory technician,  2
clerk-statisticians,
pharmacy-clerk, 6 auxiliaries, 1 administrator, and l
typist. The health agents are the outreach community
workers  (covering,  on average a population of 2,500)
trained to deliver simple,  and standardized services
in the community.  The Health agents will receive
support from community volunteer workers as well as
Page  18
periodic support and supervision from the auxiliaries
responsible for the closest health center dispensary,
or more senior personnel who would meet them at the
Rally Post.  The Programmatic Area integrates, on
average, four health institutions covering, on average,
a population of about 45,000.
4.  The basis of the Rally Post Approach is the initial
registration of the target population to be served by
the health agent responsible for providing primary care
services in a given geographic area within the area of
the Programmatic Area in question.  Such registration
will make possible the identification of the
prospective persons to whom the services listed below
will be provided, in particular the target mothers and
children.
5.  The Rally Post Approach will consist of regular,
weekly meetings in a home, school, church or other
place, where the health personnel (composed of health
agents, auxiliaries, voluntary workers and
occasionally, more senior personnel) meets with
children and mothers in order to provide safe,
effective and standardized health intervention services
typically immunizations, growth monitoring, pre-natal
care and family planning.
6.  The Rally Post Approach assumes, as a necessary
complement thereof, that each health agent will perform
the services mostly on rally post days, will treat
acute illnesses whenever necessary, and will use non-
rally post days to make follow-up visits to persons who
failed to attend their rally posts for their scheduled
visits.
    The services activities of a health agent will
include the following:
    (a) pregnancy related, such as new pregnancy
registration, antenatal care and tetanus toxoid;
    (b) family planning, such as distribution of
condoms and/or pill;
    (c) medical treatment, such as distribution of oral
rehydration therapy packages for diarrhea, and of drugs
for malaria and tuberculosis;
    (d) infant (0-11 months) care, such as
registration/growth chart, immunization and growth
monitoring (monthly intervals);
    (e) children (1-3 years) care, such as growth
monitoring  (monthly intervals); and
    (f) educational activities, under which all
mothers, infants and children should be reached at
least once per month.
7.  Under the Model, the NGOs are supposed to provide
an essential complementary support to the health
services exclusively provided with governmental
resources. The precise nature of the services to be
provided by each NGO shall be instrumented by means of
contractual arrangements whereby each NG0 shall commit
itself, for a term of not less than 6 years,  to render
said services. (a) In the case the NGO in question will
be required to deliver basic health care services under
Part B of the Project, the NGO will also commit itself:
(i) to provide said services at a price that shall be
agreeable to MSPP;  (ii) to maintain the facilities
owned by the NGO during the aforesaid period;  (iii)
Page  19
to operate said facilities for the provision of health
services as required of said NGO under the Model;  and
(iv)  to provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
services and other resources required for the purpose.
(b) In the case of training under Part C of the
Project, the NGO in question will be required to
provide its services under terms of reference agreed
with MSPP and the contractual arrangements will provide
for the reimbursement to the NGO of the amount of the
expenditures there for incurred by the NGO in question.
                 ANNEX 2 TO SCHEDULE 2
I.  List of NGOs which will deliver health care
services under Part B of the Project and whose
facilities will be rehabilitated and/or equipped under
Part B.4 of the Project and which will be assisted with
financing provided out of the proceeds of the Credit.
The NGOs are listed under the name of the Programmatic
Area to which they will belong and with reference to
the timing of the aforesaid equipping and/or
rehabilitation.
                                          Building
                                           where a
            Type of                     Programmatic
            Organiza- Rehabi-             Area Team
              tion    litation Equipping is located
Year 1 of
Project
Execution
Croix-des-
Bouquets
Turbe                 Yes        Yes            No
Thiotte
Centre de
Thiotte               Yes        Yes            Yes
Petionville
Hospital de
la Communaute         Yes        Yes            No
Haitienne
Cabaret
Carrefour
Proy                  No       Yes           No
Port-au-
Prince
SODEC                 No       Yes           No
Belle
Anse Centre
de Belle              No       Yes           Yes
Anse
Delmas
Vareu                 No       Yes           No
Year 2 of
Project
Execution
Pointe-a-Raquette
Centre Methodiste     Yes      Yes            Yes
La Valle
Centre de la Valle    No       Yes            Yes
Page  20
II.  The NGO that will deliver health care services
under Part C.l of the Project,  and that will provide
training and supervision services under said Part of
the Project financed with the proceeds of the Credit:
International Child Care.
                 ANNEX 3 TO SCHEDULE 2
Section I.  List  of Health centers  and dispensaries
to be constructed or rehabilitated and housing
facilities to be constructed.
Dispensaries - New
Montagne la Voute
Trouin
Delatte
Bas Gris Gris
Tete a Boeuf
Moussambe
Dispensaries to be Rehabilitated        Health Center with
Orangers                                Beds to be Rehabi-
                                        litated
                                        Carrefour
                                        Bainet
                                        Thiotte
                                        Cabaret
Health Centers Without Beds - New
Bas Fond Philomene
Cayes Jacmel
Communaute Haitienne                    Housing Facilities - New
Anse a Pitre                            Thiotte
Fonds Verrettes                         Bainet
                                        Anse a Pitre
Health Centers Without Beds             Fonds Verrettes
to be Rehabilitated                     Pointe a Raquette
Saint Martin I                          Cayes Jacmel
Saint Martin II                         Cornillon
Claire Heureuse
Cathedrale
Portail Leogane
Aurore Du Bel Air
Eliazar Germain
Cornillon
Croix tea Bouquets
Turbe
Pointe a Raquette
Meilleur
Section II  Health centers and dispensaries where
            photovoltaic equipment will be installed
            under Par B.5 of the Project
1.   Anse a Pitre              8. La Vallee
2.   Belle Anse                9. Arise a Galets
3.   Bodaries                  10.  Pointe a Raquette
4.   Thiotte                   11.  Arcahaie
5.   Fonds Verrettes           12. Petit Goave
6.   Cornillon                 13. Jacmel
7.   Bainet                    14. Meilleur
Page  21
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and
works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Contracts for vehicles (including motorcycles) and
office equipment, materials and supplies shall be
grouped to the extent possible so as to form bidding
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000
or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof,  goods
manufactured in Haiti may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for goods that cannot be grouped
pursuant to A.2 above or procured according to C.2
below will be grouped, to the extent possible, so as to
form bidding groups estimated to cost the equivalent of
$20,000 or more.
2.   Contracts for medical equipment and supplies, and
drugs may be procured, through the Pan American Health
Organization acting as procurement agent, under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least six
qualified suppliers from at least six different
countries eligible under the Guidelines  in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association,
provided that the contracts for medical equipment,
supplies and drugs so awarded do not exceed, in the
aggregate, the equivalent of $10,300,000.
3.   Contracts for civil works,  and for goods other
than those under 2 above estimated to cost more than
the equivalent of $20,000 but less than the equivalent
of $250,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association, provided that the contracts for goods so
awarded do not exceed, in aggregate, the equivalent of
$600,000.
4.   Goods or groups of goods estimated to cost less
than the equivalent of $20,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$100,000,  may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines,  in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement
Page  22
Decisions
l.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed
awards and final contracts:
     (a)    With respect to each contract for works and
for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of more than
$200,000 and $100,000, respectively, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix l to the
Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)    With respect to each contract not governed
by the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply.
2.   The figure of 15%  is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix l to the
Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in preparation of
working drawings, managing bidding process, selection
of works contractors and supervision of construction,
and in the carrying out of Parts A (5); B (2) (c); B
(3); and C (1) (e) of the Project, the Borrower shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing
Agency", published by the Bank in August 1981.
