Report No. PID9872
Project Name                     East Timor - Community Empowerment II
Region                           East Asia and Pacific Region
Sector                           Other Social Protection
Project ID                       TPPE72356
Borrower(s)                      TBD
Implementing Agency
Address UNITED NATIONS TRANSITIONAL
ADMINISTRATION FOR E. TIMOR
Dili, East Timor
Contact Person: Ms. Ana Pessoa,
Cabinet Member, Department of Internal
Administration
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                January 10, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         October 14, 2000
Projected Board Date             February 22, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
East Timor was occupied by Indonesia in 1975 and formally annexed in 1976.
In August 1999, the population voted in a popular consultation to reject
autonomy within the Indonesian state in favor of independence. The
announcement of the results of the consultation was followed by a campaign
of orchestrated violence which displaced over half the population of
800,000 people and destroyed approximately 80t of social
infrastructure.The United Nations established a Transitional
Administration in East Timor (UNTAET) to prepare the transition to
independence by the Security Council Resolution 1272 (S/RES/1272) on
October 25, 1999. UNTAET is expected to continue until the end of 2001.
As the transitional authority, most reconstruction and development
projects name UNTAET as the legal counterpart. It has a mandate to oversee
the country's reconstruction, develop Timorese administrative and
technical capacities, and implement a strategy to hand over functions to
an East Timorese administration. In July 2000 the process of "
Timorization" of the transitional governing structure began with the
formation of the East Timor Transitional Administration (ETTA) and the
appointment of four Timorese Cabinet Ministers out of a total of eight
Ministers.The World Bank established a separate program for East Timor in
April 1999 within the PNG/Pacific Islands Country Unit.     In September
1999 the World Bank hosted a meeting of donors on East Timor during the
World Bank/International MonetaryFund annual meetings. This was followed
by a Joint Assessment Mission (JAM) in East Timor in October 1999, co-led
by the World Bank, UNTAET and Timorese leadership, and with representation
from major donors and UN agencies (for additional information see
http://wblnO018.worldbank.org/eap/eap.nsf/ under "World Bank Efforts in
East Timor"). The mission estimated three-year costs of basic
reconstruction, which were presented to a donors' meeting in Tokyo on
December 17th 1999. The pledges were as follows:ET TOTAL PLEDGES
(Tokyo)US$ millionHumanitarian Program/CAP156.7Recurrent and



DevelopmentUNTAET31.8TFET146.8Bilateral33.3Unallocatedl54.6TOTAL523.20utlin
ing a three-year plan for reconstruction, the JAM found that the
post-ballot violence left East Timor with (i) more than 759 of the
population displaced, (ii) virtually the entire pre-independence
governance structure dismantled, with the departure of senior and middle
level civil servants; (iii) all technical sectors inoperable, with the
departure of almost all technical experts; (iv) an estimated 75t of
administrative buildings and 80t of social infrastructure (schools and
clinics) completely or partially destroyed, especially in the cities of
Dili, Manatuto, Suai, Oecusse, and Los Palos and much of their
hinterlands; and (v) all equipment and materials in administrative
buildings destroyed, removed or looted. Core infrastructure (roads,
electricity, water) suffered less damage, however infrastructure
facilities were already inadequate and poorly maintained prior to the
violence which followed the referendum on August 30th, 1999.Within the
context of priorities laid out by the JAM, the Community Empowerment and
Local Governance Project (CEP) supports IDA's key objectives in East
Timor, during the transitional period. The first of these is to repair the
destruction caused by the violence, which the project will do through its
grant and credit activities. The second and equally critical objective is
to ensure that post-conflict reconstruction activities occur within a
framework which strengthens participatory, transparent, and accountable
institutions. These will be the foundation of East Timor's development
after the immediate reconstruction is completed. Strengthening
decentralized or community level decision-making through CEP is especially
important since the prior administrative system had highly centralized
mechanisms of control and had political accountability to the top only.
Even village administrators in the Indonesian system were more loyal to
the district head rather than to a popular constituency. The CEP project,
on the other hand, tries to respond to locally expressed needs through the
development of community ownership.In September 2000, a similar joint
donor and Timorese team returned to East Timor to review progress made in
the community development sector. The mission found that under the first
CEP, the councils had been established in 406 of 416 villages and 56 of 60
sub-districts. The councils had managed the first round of block grants
reasonably well especially considering the timeframe in which they had
operated. They were also generally accepted by the communities, although
a considerable amount of capacity building is still needed. A second major
finding of this mission was that the destruction of the communications
infrastructure also had a profound impact on the ability of communities to
plan, rebuild and make the transition to a peaceful, independent, and
democratic society. For the second project, the scope of CEP has been
widened to include the support of media and communications sector, and to
help develop three-way flows of communication: upwards from the
communities, downwards to the communities, and horizontally between
communities. The implementation of the CEP has to face limitations
resulting from the capacity of communities to plan and manage development
decisions. Ethnographic literature and practical experience through a
broad range of community development projects suggests that core
capacities to carry out basic development functions exist in most (though
not all) Timorese communities. The Indonesian administration undermined
many of the traditional bases of Timorese capacity through programs of
forced relocation and aggregation, regulations that banned community
participation in local infrastructure maintenance, and introduction of
institutional alternatives to community organizations that undermined
- 2-



local capacities and made communities dependent on badly managed,
higher-level government institutions, including a sudden explosion of
government run community groups, each invented to implement a donor-funded
project. Furthermore, the complex system of issuing government permits and
organizational restrictions effectively meant that government agencies
retained monopoly control over all forms of communication between the
levels of the system: information about programs, requests from below,
reports of corruption and bad decision-making; all had to go through the
very same government channels that were responsible for administering the
programs.
2. Objectives
The objective of the CEP is to reduce poverty and support inclusive
patterns of growth. The name of the project, "community empowerment," is
based on the principle that projects will be produced by communities for
community activities. Through the creation of development councils and
support to local groups, the CEP will:(i) build and reconstruct their
basic economic infrastructure (such as farm-to-market roads, small
bridges, irrigation and drainage systems, clean water, and so on -- as
determined by the community, itself); (ii) support productive local
economic activities and social infrastructure activities; (iii) support
the development of local communications, in particular popular district
level radio, through provision of training and equipment;(iv) support
cultural heritage and social reconciliation; (v) pilot a number of
carefully designed mechanisms for providing assistance to disadvantaged
groups (widows, orphans, disabled people, etc.) at the community level;
and(vi) provide assistance for the development of district level
capacities, specifically in planning development activities.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The value added of IDA support has been high. First, the WB has an
incomparable body of worldwide expertise in implementing community-driven
investment funds. Second, the core team implementing CEP were trained in
facilitation and other necessary skills under a previous Bank-funded
project with similar goals and objectives. The Bank thus has
institutional knowledge for most of the proposed arrangements that have
been used to the advantage of project preparation and implementation.
Third, because of the urgent need to get activities started on the ground
and because of the complex overarching institutional arrangements still
emerging from the UNTAET interim administration, and the newly formed
ETTA, -- the agreement to cut through bureaucratic obstacles will
continue to be key to helping the project support the overall effort of
community empowerment through the transition to an independent East Timor.
Fourth, the Bank is well placed to work with other donors in the community
development sector as lessons are learned and are transformed into an
institutionalized approach to local government in the future.
4. Description
Underlying the design, implementation and management of the entire CEP
program are the project principles of empowerment, transparency,
inclusiveness, open choice, accountability, and sustainability. There are
three components in CEP: Component A - Community Grants, Component B -
Cultural Heritage, and component C - Radio and Television. Component A
has three sub-components: Al - Grants to sub-districts, A2 - Widows and
Vulnerable Groups, A3 - District Planning and Initiatives. Component B has
- 3-



sub-components for reconstruction of a National culture and Performance
Center, and also a small grants component.    Component C is new and
replaces the original component C for Civil Society Strengthening, which
was dropped at the request of the Timorese leadership. Component A3 is
also new since CEP I.Component A -Community Grants (US$21.6 million)The
core of this component is the formation and support of democratically
selected development councils at village and sub-district level (Conselho
de suco and conselho do posto) . The purpose of the councils is to
represent the communities in the development planning process.     The
component includes three activities that will support this objective: (i)
provision of funds to found and strengthen the councils; (ii) provision of
unallocated block grants to participating sub-districts; and (iii)
facilitators and technical advisors to help communities manage the
planning process, implement their proposals, and take responsibility for
long-term operations and maintenance. Two sub-components of the community
grants component are the special allocation for widows and highly
vulnerable groups, and the district development initiatives fund to
strengthen the coordination on development planning at district
level.Community Grant Governance Structures:     Projects funded under the
community grants component are chosen through democratic procedures using
development councils. The regulation on the establishment of the councils
was formalized by UNTAET prior to effectiveness of CEP I. The first
activity of the community empowerment program has been to work with
villagers to select an interim development council made up of equal
numbers of men and women. Each sub-village group picked equal numbers of
men and women to become members of the Village Development Council, and
then from the village council a man and a woman were chosen to participate
in a Sub-district Development Council that represents all of the villages
within the sub-district. The sub-district councils then appointed an
independent group to manage sub-district financial affairs, and maintain
records concerning sub-district funds. To ensure greater independence and
objectivity, these Financial Management Units have remained outside of the
council structure. In the longer term, the development councils would
have at least four key functions: (i) preparing and executing village
development plans that address local needs in agriculture, healthcare,
education, communications, income generating projects, and other projects
as determined by the community; (ii) managing sub-district and village
funds; (iii) relaying the priority development needs that cannot be met
through local efforts to sub-districts and districts; and (iv)
strengthening participation and democratic practices.     Project
consultants: A team of nearly 200 Timorese consultants have been
recruited on individual contracts to UNTAET as sub-district facilitators,
district technical facilitators, district project accountants, district
monitors, a training and communications team, and a monitoring and
evaluation team. A small number of international advisers, as deemed
necessary by the Timorese management team, will be recruited to advise
them in their work. Component Al - Grants to sub-districtsFirst Community
Grant The first sub-district grants were divided equally among each
member village in a one-time grant to launch the village reconstruction
process. Implementation of the first cycle activities is now complete in
all sub-districts excep three where delays were caused by security
problems.Subsequent Community Grants:     For the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th grant
cycles, there is no standard net allocation per village; allocation within
the sub district is through a competitive process. Three percent of the
grant can be used to support the village council's operating expenses,
-4 -



another two percent2t of the sub-district grant can be retained by the
sub-district to cover operating expenses and the Financial Management
Unit, and one percent can be used to support district level activities.
All information about how this money is used will be publicly posted.Table
2: Posto Grant Allocation CategoriesPopulation size of Posto (1998
figures)Grant Allocation (2nd, 3rd, and 4th
cycles)<5,000$25,0005,000-15,000$50,00015,000-25,000$75,000>25,000$100,OOOP
roposal preparation: Village facilitators will be trained by the
sub-district facilitators to disseminate information about CEP and
facilitate discussions among groups within the village.     Suggestions for
activities from the groups will be taken to the village council who will
decide which activities will be prepared into proposal format for
presentation to the sub-district council.     Three types of activities can
be proposed: i) social infrastructure activities, ii) productive economic
activities, or iii) social welfare activities.     Funding for economic
activities will be through credits to the beneficiaries who will have to
repay the money with interest to the sub-district council so that it can
be on-lent to other groups in the same village.Grant Proposal Verification
and Technical Review:     Verification of the village proposals for a
community grant takes place in three stages: first, a sub-district review
by a team appointed by the sub-district development council; followed
later by a technical review made by the technical assistance approved by
the district technical facilitator. Verification includes site visits by
the verification teams. The written report by the reviewers is read out
in the public sub-district development council meeting which is attended
by all subproject proponents and other community members. The council
discussion evaluates competing proposals on criteria such as the basis of
their ability to reach the poor, their reflection of local contributions
in cash or in kind, and the group opinion of their technical soundness and
relative merits. Once the council has decided on which proposals merit
funding from the sub-district grant, a final meeting is held to explain
the results of the discussion, and to begin preparation of implementation.
Grant Sub-Projects:     Once community grant monies are awarded to fund a
particular proposal, it becomes a sub-project that is managed by its
proponent group or aldeia, with support from the Posto Facilitator and
technical specialists. Sub-projects are prepared with details such as the
subproject's purpose, cost requirements, and technical needs. Up to four
proposals may be submitted by a village on behalf of aldeias and community
groups to the sub-district councils, at least half must come from women's
groupsAll subproject proposals for the second and third phases must
include cost estimates, schedules of fund needs, operation and maintenance
plans, estimated community contributions (including "in kind"
contributions), repayment schedules (for economic activities) and notes
concerning compliance with safeguard policies regarding aspects such as
environmental impacts, and written assurance that no compensation will be
required from project funds.   Grant Procurement Procedures:     The second
cycle of community grants opens up the process to fully "open menus"
limited only by a small negative list of items prohibited by law and
project conditions (pesticides, arms, etc.). Project procurement was
shifted to local shopping by the communities, who must elicit at least
three bids for any purchase over $2,500 and less than $7,500. Purchases
over $7,500 assistance must be sought from the project management unit.
All prices, including the transportation costs, are checked against
weekly price surveys carried out in Dili. Technical Assistance for
Communities: A District Technical Facilitator in each district is
- 5 -



responsible for identifying local sources of technical assistance,
coordinating with other agencies or projects that could provide assistance
or technical advice, approving all technical assistance used by
communities, and certifying projects.   There are three stages of technical
assistance: during preparation of proposals, at verification, and during
implementation.  All TA must come from lists approved by the district
technical specialist. . Facilitators can draw on a small preparation
budget to request technical assistance for preparing proposals for more
complex projects, such as the expertise needed to assess project
feasibility and to estimate construction costs. Subprojects can use up to
a maximum of 10. of their funds for technical assistance during the
implementation phase, through community contracting. TA involved in
design or implementation cannot be involved in verification and paid TA
for these stages cannot come from the home village (though technical
skills can be contributed voluntarily). Flow of Funds:       Money for the
community grants will be withdrawn from a Special Account maintained by
UNTAET. Once each sub-district has agreed on the subprojects to be
supported with its grant, they are endorsed by the facilitator and copies
are sent to the District Project Accountant, who can release up to 50- of
the total required amount against the certified proposal. Withdrawals
require the joint signature of male and female council representatives,
and the facilitator, though the facilitator is not allowed to manage the
funds at any stage. At the lowest levels of the system, money is released
by the council paymaster to two members of the sub-project proponent.
Signatures are checked by the District Project Accountants (DPA) against
formal project containing specimen signatures. Timorese DPA appointed to
the project and certified by the UNTAET Chief Financial Officer have been
deployed to each district. Grant releases to UNTAET are made from a
Special Account established in the Banco Nacional Ultramarino. Transfer of
funds from the Special Account to the DPA is the responsibility of
UNTAET.Grant Funding Transparency:     Transparency of community grants is
a central feature of the project. Information needs to be accessible and
easily understood by villagers. All financial information must be
publicly posted, and facilitator teams are expected to use a variety of
media to convey information about the project and its progress. Community
councils and facilitators are responsible for publicly posting project
information on large signboards. These signboards are updated monthly,
and more regularly during the sub-project implementation period. The
national team will develop a computerized management information system
and a registry of project complaints and their resolution, which will also
be public domain information.Component A2 - Widows and Vulnerable
GroupsThe objective of this sub-component is to provide appropriate
support to widows and vulnerable groups who might otherwise find
difficulty in accessing funds, or the specific support that they need. The
support that can be fund may take several forms such as direct physical
works (rebuilding houses or constructing orphanages), provision of support
services such as counseling, childcare, or advisory services; or
sub-grants or credits for economic activities. A secondary objective will
be to strengthen community-based safety nets for vulnerable groups, and
pilot different methods of providing assistance to do this. One method of
fund flow will be through an additional allocation to the sub-district
grants that is allocated for this purpose. Special training will be
provided to the CEP facilitators to help identify eligible groups and
communications materials will be designed to reach intended beneficiaries
with information. The normal CEP procedures for proposal preparation,
- 6 -



decision-making, fund flow, financial management, transparency, reporting,
procurement, as described above will apply.Some funds will also available
for community base organizations, church groups, women's organizations, or
NGOs who want o provide special services to the vulnerable groups. The
process by which these organizations can apply for grant-funding will be
identified early in the project through a consultative process. A key
element of the component will be the monitoring and evaluation which will
focus not only on the inputs and outputs, but on a comparison of different
approaches and mechanisms.Component A3 - District Planning and Initiatives
Support Sub-ComponentThe councils make decisions on the allocation of the
CEP sub-district funds and need to have a better understanding of
development activities in the district to assist them in the
decision-making processes. At the same time, the councils have the
knowledge and understanding of the specific needs in their area -
information that would be useful to agencies implementing development
projects, and to the district administration.     There is a critical need
to bring members of the sub-district councils together at the district
level to participate fully in the development process.     The District
Planning and Initiatives Support Sub-Component of CEP is intended to
facilitate and strengthen these linkages.Development Planning Support
Grant:   Once a District Administrator can demonstrate that a forum exists
at district level in which sub-district council members can participate,
$10,000 will be transferred to the district. The money will be used to
fund special activities aimed at bringing sub-district council members
together, sharing information, and strengthening two way flows of
communication. Types of activities can include, for example, workshops at
the district level to increase understanding of different projects and
funding opportunities, development planning training, preparation of
newsletters on development activities in the district, etc. District
administration and CEP staff, and council-member representatives will
prepare a proposal for the use of the funds to be approved by all three
parties. Funds will be released by the DPA to the appointed implementor
of each activity with the approval of the other parties.Development
Initiatives Grants: Over the next few months there will be dialogue and
discussion about the type of structures or forums that will be adopted at
district level in the future to ensure local participation in development
planning. In the event that future forums formally include sub-district
council members, the development initiatives grant will be made available
to the forum with the intention of providing incentives to build strong
and accountable institutions along the lines of those developed through
CEP.    The grant will be used to fund   specific needs and priorities will
be identified during the meetings or be proposed by civil society
organizations, community groups or representatives. The activities will
either be for public goods for the whole district, directly or indirectly
involve more than one sub-district, or for some reason fall outside of
the capacity of the village grants component of CEP (e.g. less than $5,000
or more than $25,000; does not have direct impact on poverty alleviation;
impacts on a specific group such as widows or orphans). The committee can
look for funding from all possible sources to fund these activities. As a
last resort, when all other opportunities are exhausted, they can make a
proposal to the district initiatives fund. If funded, the activities will
be implemented by the groups that propose them and not by the DDC
themselves. Details of the process to be adopted will depend on the
structures introduced, and a manual will be prepared and agreed by all
parties one this is known.Component B - Cultural Heritage Component
-7-



(US$2.0 million)As part of the process of reconstruction and
reconciliation, the Community Empowerment Project also has a second
component to support the development of Timor's culture and history.
Activities funded through the cultural heritage component include
documentation of oral history, development of the National Heritage and
Performance Center (in the building that formerly housed the Indonesian
Provincial Military Command for East Timor), and a small grants program to
support village cultural activities. An Advisory Board was formed in CEP
I and meets regularly, they have recently appointed a management team and
recruited a fundraiser who will raise the funds for the completion of the
internal works on the building not covered by the CEp grant, and to ensure
sustainability of the small grants component.Component Bi - National
Culture and Performance CenterThe center will use culture and art as
instruments of fusion, strengthening and safeguarding the Timorese
identity. The draft charter states: "The principal function of the
National Cultural Center is to provide overall access and contribution to
cultural and artistic initiatives that inform, educate and entertain all
Timorese, and, in doing so, reflect East Timor society." The Advisory
Board has decided on an official name for the center, which is now called
Uma Fukun Timor Loro'Sae.Special expertise in Portuguese colonial
architecture, history and cultural heritage will advise on the design of
the building and draw up the detailed specifications. UNESCO will
supervise this component during the design and reconstruction phase.
Contractors will be procured through competitive bidding to undertake the
reconstruction of the building. Component B2 - Small Grants ComponentThe
Advisory Board, assisted by a management team, will administer a program
of small grants.    Some of the total budget for this component will be
allocated to fund small art and culture activities related to the Uma
Fukun Timor Loro'Sae, some will be allocated for groups wanting to
collect, document, and archive oral histories, but over half of the small
grants budget will be allocated for village cultural activities. The
Advisory Board members include artists, students, representatives of the
United Nations Transitional Administration for East Timor (UNTAET), and
representatives of women's groupsComponent C -Radio and Television
Component (US$1.2 million)The radio and television component is an
entirely new initiative, in line with the requests from the East Timorese
leadership regarding the need to establish professional, sustainable
television and radio systems in East Timor. Support for expanding coverage
of the current national radio station first, and post-elections
establishment of community radio stations in the districts, will address
this request and help to strengthen social capital at the local level.
Under this component, trainee reporters will be recruited and trained from
each district.    Small amounts of equipment will be provided initially to
for the trainees who will make local programs under the supervision of
Radio UNTAET. Once the reporters have gained experience, some will be
recruited by Radio UNTAET as district reporters and will run district
reporter stations. Others will form a nucleus of expertise that can be
drawn on to start the community radio stations. Equipment for the
community radio stations will be procured after the elections and will be
provided to communities that show keen interest in supporting a community
radio station.   A community radio support center will be established to
provide continuing support to the community radios. There will also be a
workshop to discuss future options for television in East Timor. And
limited number of follow-on activities. Engaging and Empowering
Timorese.   These processes will engage East Timorese at all levels. It is
- 8 -



essential for the communities to understand and to want these services and
take an active part in an otherwise bottom up decision making process.
The first step in the implementation of the component will be the
formation of consultative groups at the district level made up of all the
potential stakeholders in a future community radio station - such as
women's groups, the church, youth groups, political parties. This
consultative group will select trainers, prepare the request for community
radio, monitor programming and use of the radio, and decide on future
sustainability options. Trainers and Reporters: Each district will require
a minimum of two reporters/broadcasters for Radio UNTAET (or its
successor), and another three for community radio. Any surplus of skilled
workers in this field might be used by commercial radio, printed media or
even television If they prove capable all trainees would be given suitable
accreditation. The best of these could be recruited as staff of the
national radio station. Trainees would receive a small honorarium plus an
"actual expense" allowance while engaged in the training program. All
trainees would be given the position of "apprentices" to more skilled
staff already employed by Radio UNTAET, i.e., staff of district reporter
stations. It is recognized that number of skilled staff is extremely
limited and that they must rely on the Public Information Officers to give
day-to-day guidance in the field. The trainees will report to the Public
Information Officers while training with Radio UNTAET's district reporter
stations, and after the establishment of the community radios, the
trainees will become staff of these stations and run them.Technical
Assistance.    The technical assistance for the component will be in two
forms. First there will be the management team who will be contracted as
individuals to UNTAET in the same way as the consultants working on other
components are.    The second type of technical assistance required will be
the trainers. A number of different and highly skilled specialists will
be required on short inputs throughout the life of the project to train
the reporters and radio operators. An international consulting company is
expected to provide the services which will be packaged into one contract
and competitively bid.   Training:   Introductory training would be given
by UNTAET at the radio/television facilities in Dili, this would consist
of theoretical immersion course in the principles of broadcasting and
basic techniques followed by more 'hands-on' training in the studios.
Since there are limited facilities and skilled staff, this training will
have to be phased with no more than twenty trainees at any one time.
Thereafter, most of the training would be field-based, in the districts,
creating and recording documentary and training materials for broadcasting
at the national level, these materials can also be beneficial to
development programs. The following stages will apply to the training of
each individual radio reporter/manager:n Preliminary training in Dili I
(basic theory and skills)n Preliminary training in Dili II (hands-on with
Radio UNTAET)n Routine training sandwiched between fieldwork assignmentsn
Routine follow-on training, general reporting and specific management
skills as requiredIn addition to the above, there will be training given
to a small number of people in television programming skills, and
additional resources are suggested for short term intensive training in
television by a foreign media organization.Equipment: The equipment
procured under the project will include equipment for field reporters
(tape recorders microphones etc), radio receivers for selected community
groups including the councils, and equipment for the community radio
stations. .Community Radio Support Center:. The management team will be
in charge of running a community radio support center which will be work
-9-



on building consensus for the future establishment of community radio
stations by holding national and district level consultative workshops,
following up on the broadcast regulation law, providing outreach support,
and overseeing the training and monitoring stipends of the national radio
trainees, later-to-become community radio staff.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost
Total (US$m)
IDA Executed Grant         23.3
Japanese PHRD            1.5
Asian Development Bank TA Grant                           1.0
Total Project Costs         24.7
6. Implementation
Overall Coordination of Project: Overall policy coordination for the CEP
is with the National Council (NC) through the ETTA Ministry of Internal
Administration. Project Management: A project management team reports to
the Cabinet Member for Internal Administration. All positions except that
of the Chief financial Officer are now held by Timorese and a small number
of international advisers are being recruited to assist them in their
task. For the Community Grants Component the PMU oversees the contracts
of 188 Timorese technical assistance and service delivery consultants who
are contracted directly through UNTAET. Additional staff required under
the special community grants window for widows and vulnerable groups will
be integrated into the structure of the team. Project Management of
Cultural Heritage: Project management of the Cultural Heritage component
will be through a newly-created non-profit East Timor cultural heritage
trust with an Advisory Board drawn from civil society to managed the
cultural grants program    UNESCO will assist with the management of   the
physical reconstruction of the national heritage and performance center.
The non-profit trust has developed a manual that covers operations and the
awarding of grants. Project Management of Radio/Television: Project
management of the radio and television component will be through a
Timorese consultant team contracted to the PMU. The trainees will report
to the Public Information Officers while training with Radio UNTAET's
district reporter stations, and after the establishment of the community
radios, some of the trainees will become staff of these stations and run
them. The television initiatives will be managed by the PMU through a
direct grant to Televisaun Timor Lorosa'e
7. Sustainability
Community Grant and Local Governance Structures: Sustainability of the
councils as development planning units is an open question that depends
to a large extent on the future revenue stream of an independent East
Timor. Program costs are expected to drop off significantly by the third
year. By that time, many of the larger community needs should have been
met and the development of banking and economic activities will also allow
a reduction in the size of the overall grant. Cultural Heritage Component:
The culture board have recruited a fundraiser to raise funds to sustain
the cultural heritage activities. National and Community Radio and
Television Component: Sustainability of the district reporter stations
will depend on the future of Radio UNTAET after the national elections.
- 10 -



Radio UNTAET may become a state-run or an independent national radio
station. USAID/OTI and the World Bank are coordinating efforts to fund
these district reporter stations and provide for equipment and training.
For community radio to sustain itself, it is crucial to have early
community buy-in and ownership. Even with measures to keep costs to the
minimum there will always be operational costs that need to be
addressed. A regulatory framework for community radio which allows the
ability to generate revenue through commercial advertising is needed.
Also, the composition of the management boards and their ability to run
the station and maintain high levels of interest and participation are
key. Government subsidies for community radio might be an appropriate
resource as long as the state's control of content is limited by law.
Finally, it should be possible for these community radios to develop into
independent commercial local stations, if the community so desires. As for
the television subcomponent, the very purpose of holding an international
workshop is to fully assess options for sustainable development of this
media.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The proposed design reflects lessons learned from three distinct kinds of
projects: (i) projects in other post-conflict situations; (ii) recent
experiences with community development; and (iii) other projects in East
Timor and nearby parts of Indonesia and the Pacific Islands.World Bank
experience with post-conflict situations is recent, but extensive. Three
lessons stand out. First, implementation timetables are nearly always too
ambitious. Delays will occur at all levels of the system. Second, broad
scope programs that include attention to cultural and local organizations
are more successful than those that maintain a narrow focus on engineering
and technical design. Third, organizational complexity is the downfall of
post-conflict designs.In the proposed project, individual subproject
timetables are somewhat de-linked from the overall project implementation
plan. That is, while there is an overall time frame to implement the
program, that program has great scope for lags in any one effort or
geographic area. In addition, the project's modular design (where
sub-district costs are fixed ratios that aren't entirely dependent on each
other), the final size of the project can be adjusted to fit available
funds with relatively little extra effort. Such adjustments can also be
made through annual programming reviews. In terms of organizational
complexity, the project faces a common trade-off between an efficient,
autonomous, project implementation unit, and a more integrated design that
brings about institutional growth and sustainability of counterpart
organizations. In the case of this project, however, the institutional
goal is to build and fortify local institutions, not central ones.The
project builds on a broad range of world experience with community
development. Three features not already described in the overall
presentation are key. First, financial flows need to be kept simple and
very fast. Most community programs are hindered by a variety of
bureaucratic control mechanisms designed for much larger subprojects,
where multiple controls are needed to ensure quality and accountability.
Common examples of inappropriate application of these mechanisms to
community projects include long contract forms, mandatory bidding for
micro-level purchases, and multi-step sign-offs for block transfers. The
proposed project, while still meeting all World Bank accountability and
procurement standards, simplifies fund transfer and release through a
range of simplified formats that have been developed through collaboration
- 11 -



with various departments within the World Bank. Second, world experience
highlights the importance of having a motivated actor in place who can
gain trust, provide information, and transmit questions from villagers.
Typically this function is provided by NGOs, but other experiences show
that committed government staff (i.e. Brazil) and private sector providers
can also play this function. The proposed project may recruit from all
these sources.Third, growing evidence supports the need for special
measures to promote transparency and the timely provisioning of useful
information. This project ensures transparency and accountability by
making the act of publicizing information a role and responsibility of the
village development councils.One important lesson learned from the early
implementation of the project, is the importance of information and
communications. The communications and media component will partly
address this need, additional work will also be carried out within the
project to increase flows of project-specific information.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        The project is classified as IDA Category B, as was
the first phase project. The clearances given for the first phase project
are requested to be confirmed for this project.The major component of the
project is focused on Community Grants ($21.6 of $24.7 total). Individual
project activities are small and do not involve environmentally damaging
technologies. The design and implementation of this component follows the
original project, which has been effective since March 2000, incorporating
minor improvements arising from lessons learned during implementation over
this calendar year. Specifically in relation to environmental aspects,
the original PAD preparation and appraisal, conducted jointly by the World
Bank and ADB, included a short negative list and a proposed procedure for
environmental screening of project proposals. Following inception several
World Bank staff and consultants were involved in the development and
refinement of this screening process and accompanying guidelines, which
were incorporated into the project operations manuals, and key project
staff were trained in their use. There were many inputs into the
development and review of these procedures, including review by the
WBOJ-based Sector Coordinator (Tom Walton) and Heinz Unger, and the
Environmental Unit within the transitional administration in East Timor.
They in turn drew on a wide variety of sources, including the
Environmental Guidelines for Social Funds (1998, LAC ESSD) and the
procedures developed for the Bank's similar projects in Indonesia (VIP I
and II, KDP). During field testing the project team also made some
comments on these procedures, most of which have been incorporated, but
they generally found them practical and useful in application. EA aspects
are covered in the training program for CEP II.Some activities likely to
be undertaken under the community grants component will have positive
environmental impacts, e.g. protection of water sources, catchment
protection and groundcover improvement in previously forested areas,
environmental sanitation improvements.In summary, the project does not
pose any major environmental risks. Where minor environmental risks may
arise particularly through the community grants component activities,
either individually or cumulatively, there are procedures in place to
identify them and ensure adequate safeguard mechanisms are implemented.
These procedures include: i) training of sub-district facilitators and
district technical facilitators in use of environmental guidelines, ii)
- 12 -



an environmental checklist to be used in the verification of the projects;
iii) supervision of environmental aspects in all of the World Bank
supervision missions to date, and plans for continuing supervision in the
second phase. On the social side, the project includes a simple
operational policy that meets all World Bank resettlement criteria. Past
experience shows that the kinds of infrastructure works selected by
communities are very small and cause little land acquisition. The project
approach is to (i) not allow use of project funds for land acquisition or
compensation; (ii) require that all village plans involving land
acquisition meet commitments to replace acquired land with equivalent or
better land at the expense of the village; (iii) include these procedures
in facilitator training; (iv) emphasize participatory resolution of land
issues and other possible conflicts; (v) assign sign-off requirements that
the project's land acquisition rules were followed to the project's
district staff; (vi) require full plans for the unlikely event that any
involuntary resettlement involves more than 5 families (no cases have been
identified in previous activities here or in Indonesia under similar
activities). No special indigenous people's issues are expected to arise
since the (i) the project does not involve especially isolated groups; and
(ii) participatory projects' own mechanisms meet the World Bank's
indigenous people's policy criteria of making culturally informed choices
about development.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Gillian M. Brown
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 13 -



