Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3475 ME
          (Science and Technology Infrastructure Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 16, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3475 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 16, 1992, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) The Bank has received from the Guarantor a
statement on science and technology policy dated April 10, 1992 (the
Science and Technology Policy Statement) describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to rationalize increased
public sector funding for scientific research and equipment
infrastructure and to achieve the modernization of the Guarantor's
science and technology capability;
      (B)   the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement to help
achieve the objectives set forth in the Science and Technology
Policy Statement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project;
Page  2
      (C)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred eighty-nine
million dollars ($189,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower and to
undertake such other obligations in respect of such loan as provided
in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, CONACYT, CENAM, and IMPI,
all as set forth in the Loan Agreement, the Project Agreements, and
the IMPI contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of
the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of the Loan Agreement
and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or
fail to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 2.03. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to CONACYT, CENAM, or IMPI will be
inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required for the
carrying out of their respective parts of the Project, to make
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to provide CONACYT,
CENAM, or IMPI, as the case may be, or cause them to be provided
with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor shall: (a) carry out Part C of the Project through
SECOFI/DGN with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
the Standardization Program and appropriate financial, technical,
administrative, scientific and environmental standards and practic-
Page  3
es; and (b) shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for Part C of the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. With respect to the execution of Part D of the
Project, the Guarantor shall: (i) issue a decree for the creation of
IMPI and thereafter organize IMPI consistent with the provisions of
the IMPI Project Document; and (ii) provide IMPI with a budgetary
allocation for FY1993 adequate for the implementation of IMPI's
FY1993 work program.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with regard
to Part C of the Project.
      Section 3.05. With respect to the execution of Part C of the
Project, the Guarantor shall cause SECOFI/DGN: (i) to carry out
studies, on the basis of terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, on privatization of the system of standards and the national
laboratory infrastructure; (ii) to complete both studies and to
forward a copy of them to the Bank for its review by November 15,
1992; and (iii) to provide to the Bank by November 15, 1992 for its
review and approval the 1993 work program for SECOFI/DGN.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall complete the rehabilitation
and adaptation of the installations of the Guarantor's former
National Commission for Fruit Culture ("Comision Nacional de
Fruticultura") in accordance with the provisions of the Guarantee
Agreement ("Industrial Technology Development Project") dated
September 28, 1986 between the Guarantor and the Bank and, upon
completion, shall transfer legal title to the installations to
CENAM.
      Section 3.07. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor through
SECOFI/DGN shall:
      (a)   no later than February 28 in each year, starting in
1993, hold annual reviews with the Bank on the progress of Part C of
the Project and shall, for that purpose, provide the Bank with a
progress report of such scope and detail as the Bank may reasonably
request not later than January 31 of each year;
      (b)   include in each progress report referred to in paragraph
(a) above a comparison of actual performance with the implementation
indicators set forth in the letter of even date herewith from the
Guarantor to the Bank;
      (c)   for the purpose of the annual review to be held in 1994,
include in its progress report covering FY1993 a report on the
progress made in achieving the objectives set out in the Standard-
ization Program;
      (d)   promptly take all such remedial action, satisfactory to
the Guarantor and the Bank, as shall be necessary for the efficient
execution of Part C of the Project or the achievement of the
objectives of the Project if, as a result of any of the above annual
reviews, progress in the execution of said Parts of the Project or
in the achievement of the objectives of the Project is not satisfac-
tory to the Bank; and
      (e)   participate in the annual reviews of the progress of the
execution of Parts A, B and D of the Project between the Bank and,
respectively, CONACYT, CENAM and IMPI.
Page  4
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall cause SECOFI/DGN to
maintain records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Part C of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each of its
                  fiscal years audited, in accordance with general-
                  ly accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and quali-
                  fied auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts as well as the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures for Part C of the Project with
respect to which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Guarantor through SECOFI/DGN
shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and separate accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Ac-
                  count or payment out of the Special Account was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts
                  are included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures for Part C of the Project with
respect to which withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the
Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower any information that may be
required by the Borrower to comply with the Borrower's obligations
under Section 4.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Page  5
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, piso 4
            Despacho 4037
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                            1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico D. F., United Mexican
States, as of the day and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By /s/ Ernesto Zedillo Ponce De Leon
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
