Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3475 ME
          (Science and Technology Infrastructure Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   CENTRO NACIONAL DE METROLOGIA
                        Dated June 16, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3475 ME
                      CENAM PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 16, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and CENTRO NACIONAL DE
METROLOGIA (CENAM).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred eighty-nine million
dollars ($189,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition, inter alia, that CENAM agrees
to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by contractual arrangements to be entered into between
the Borrower, United Mexican States, and CENAM, a portion of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to CENAM on the terms and conditions set forth in
said contractual arrangements; and
      WHEREAS CENAM, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
Page  2
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. CENAM declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and
to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project described in said
Schedule with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
the Metrology Project and with appropriate administrative and
financial practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CENAM shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. CENAM shall duly perform all its obligations
under the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a)
of the Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
CENAM shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of said
contractual arrangements.
      Section 2.05. (a) CENAM shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part B
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the contractual arrangements, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CENAM shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by CENAM of its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.06. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, CENAM shall:
      (a)   no later than February 28 in each year, starting in
1993, hold annual reviews with the Bank on the progress of Part B of
the Project and shall, for that purpose, provide the Bank with a
progress report not later than January 31 of each year;
      (b)   include in each progress report referred to in paragraph
(a) above a comparison of actual performance with the implementation
indicators set forth in the letter of even date herewith from CENAM
to the Bank;
      (c)   for the purpose of the annual review to be held in 1994,
include in its progress report covering FY1993 a report on the
progress made in achieving the objectives set out in the Metrology
Project; and
Page  3
      (d)   promptly take all such remedial action, satisfactory to
CENAM and the Bank, as shall be necessary for the efficient
execution of Part B of the Project or the achievement of the
objectives of the Project if, as a result of any of the above annual
reviews, progress in the execution of Part B of the Project or in
the achievement of the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory
to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of CENAM
      Section 3.01. CENAM shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, scientific and
financial practices under the supervision of qualified and experi-
enced management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. CENAM shall at all times operate and maintain it
premises, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and administra-
tive practices.
      Section 3.03. CENAM shall take out and maintain with responsi-
ble insurers insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. CENAM shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition,
including separate records and accounts reflecting the resources and
expenditures in connection with its execution of Part B of the
Project.
      Section 4.02. (a) CENAM shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts, referred to in
                  Section 4.01 of this Agreement, and its financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) a certified copy of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements and the audit thereof as the Bank
                  shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to which withdraw-
als were made from the Special Account, CENAM shall provide to the
Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow the Borrower to
perform its obligations punctually under Section 4.01 of the Loan
Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of CENAM thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify CENAM thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For CENAM:
            Centro Nacional de Metrologia
            Anillo Periferico Sur No. 3449
            San Jeronimo Lidice
            Mexico 10220, D.F.
            Mexico
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of CENAM may be taken or executed by the
Director General of CENAM or such other person or persons as said
Director General shall designate in writing, and CENAM shall furnish
to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenti-
cated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico D. F., United Mexican
States, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  5
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                  CENTRO NACIONAL DE METROLOGIA
                  By /s/ Jaime Gonzalez Basurto
                                         Authorized Representative
