Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3475 ME
          (Science and Technology Infrastructure Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                    NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                        Dated June 16, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3475 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 16, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NACIONAL FINANCIERA,
S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS: (A) The Bank has received from United Mexican States
(the Guarantor) a statement on science and technology policy dated
April 10, 1992 (the Science and Technology Policy Statement)
describing a program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
rationalize increased public sector funding for scientific research
and equipment infrastructure and to achieve the modernization of the
Guarantor's science and technology capability;
      (B)  the Guarantor and the Borrower, having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement to help achieve the objectives set forth in the
Science and Technology Policy Statement, have requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (C)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
Page  2
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement;
      (D)   Part A of the Project will be carried out by Consejo
Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnologia (CONACYT) with the Borrower's and
the Guarantor's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to CONACYT part of the proceeds of the
Loan as hereinafter provided;
      (E)   Part B of the Project will be carried out by Centro
Nacional de Metrologia (CENAM) with the Borrower's and the
Guarantor's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to CENAM part of the proceeds of the Loan as
hereinafter provided;
      (F)   Part C of the Project will be carried out by the
Guarantor with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to the Guarantor part
of the proceeds of the Loan as hereinafter provided;
      (G)   Part D of the Project will be carried out by Instituto
Mexicano de la Propiedad Industrial (IMPI) with the Borrower's and
the Guarantor's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to IMPI part of the proceeds of the
Loan as hereinafter provided; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreements
(as hereinafter defined) of even date herewith between the Bank and,
respectively, CONACYT and CENAM;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CENAM" means the Guarantor's National Center of
Metrology ("Centro Nacional de Metrologia");
      (b)   "CENAM Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and CENAM of even date herewith, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes all agreements supplemen-
tal to the CENAM Project Agreement;
      (c)   "CONACYT" means the Guarantor's National Council of
Science and Technology ("Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnologia");
      (d)   "CONACYT Project Agreement" means the agreement between
Page  3
the Bank and CONACYT of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all agreements
supplemental to the CONACYT Project Agreement;
      (e)   "FY" means the fiscal year of the Guarantor, which also
applies to the Borrower, CONACYT, and CENAM, and which begins on
January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year;
      (f)   "IMPI" means the Mexican Institute of Industrial
Property ("Instituto Mexicano de la Propiedad Industrial") to be
established by the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.03 of the Guarantee Agreement;
      (g)   "IMPI Project Document" means the Project for the
Mexican Industrial Property Institute ("Proyecto Instituto Mexicano
de la Propiedad Industrial IMPI") as set forth in the Annex to the
letter of even date herewith from the Guarantor to the Bank;
      (h)   "Metrology Project" means the Project for the National
Center for Metrology ("Proyecto Centro Nacional de Metrologia") as
set forth in the Annex to the letter of even date herewith from
CENAM to the Bank;
      (i)   "PACIME" means CONACYT's Program for Support of Science
in Mexico ("Programa de Apoyo a la Ciencia");
      (j)   "PACIME Rules" means CONACYT's rules of operation
("Reglas de Operacion") for the execution of PACIME as set forth in
the Annex to the letter of even date herewith from CONACYT to the
Bank;
      (k)   "Project Agreements" means the CENAM Project Agreement
and the CONACYT Project Agreement, or any one of them, as the
context may require;
      (l)   "Science and Technology Policy Statement" means the
Politica Nacional de Ciencia y Modernizacion Tecnologica of the
Guarantor as set forth in the Annex to the letter of even date
herewith from the Guarantor to the Bank;
      (m)   "SECOFI" means the Guarantor's Ministry of Commerce and
Industrial Development ("Secretaria de Comercio y Fomento Indus-
trial");
      (n)   "SECOFI/DGN" means the Directorate General of Standards
("Direccion General de Normas") of SECOFI;
      (o)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (p)   "Standardization Program" means the Guarantor's Program
of Modernization of the System of Metrology, Standards, Testing,
Certification and Quality Assurance ("Proyecto para la Modernizacion
del Sistema de Metrologia, Normalizacion, Pruebas, Certificacion y
Aseguramiento de la Calidad en Mexico") as set forth in the Annex to
the letter of even date herewith from the Guarantor to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of one hundred eighty-nine million dollars
($189,000,000), being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the
Loan, with each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such
withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
Page  4
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1998 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this Agree-
                   ment, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
            (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and ex-
                   pressed as a percentage per annum, of the out-
                   standing borrowings of the Bank drawn down after
                   June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings or
                   portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii)  "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the
Page  5
            Guarantor of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined
            in respect of such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
              Transfer of Loan Proceeds; Execution of
                   the Project; Other Covenants
      Section 3.01 (a) The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements with the Guarantor, CONACYT, and CENAM, satisfactory to
the Bank, providing, inter alia, for: (i) the transfer to the
Guarantor of the portion of the proceeds of the Loan allocated to
Category 3 of the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for the execution of Part C of the Project; (ii) the
transfer to CONACYT and CENAM of the portions of the proceeds of the
Loan allocated to, respectively, Categories 1 and 2 of said table
for the execution of, respectively, Parts A and B of the Project;
and (iii) the transfer by the Guarantor to the Borrower of such
funds as the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Bank on
account of principal, interest, and other charges on the Loan.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
change or fail to enforce any provision of such contractual
arrangements.
     (b)   The Borrower shall enter into contractual arrangements
with the Guarantor and IMPI, satisfactory to the Bank, providing,
inter alia, for: (i) the transfer to IMPI of the portion of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated to Category 4 of the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement for the execution of
Part D of the Project; and (ii) the terms and conditions set forth
in Schedule 6 to this Agreement.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall not change or fail to enforce any
provision of such contractual arrangements.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
contractual arrangements referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above
in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the
Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts A and B of
the Project shall be carried out by, respectively, CONACYT and CENAM
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreements, Part C shall be
carried out by the Guarantor pursuant to Section 3.04 of the
Guarantee Agreement, and Part D shall be carried by IMPI pursuant to
the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall participate in the annual
reviews referred to in Section 2.06 of the CONACYT Project Agree-
ment, Section 2.06 of the CENAM Project Agreement, Section 3.07 of
the Guarantee Agreement, and in paragraph 5 (c) of Annex 6 hereto.
Page  6
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the resources and
expenditures in connection with the execution of the Project.
     (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, and the records
                   and accounts for the Special Account, for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with general-
                   ly accepted auditing standards and procedures
                   consistently applied, by independent and quali-
                   fied auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank each month certified state-
                   ments of the Special Account; and
            (iv)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain or cause to be retained, until at least
                   one year after the Bank has received the audit
                   report for the fiscal year in which the last
                   withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out
                   of the Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such expendi-
                   tures;
            (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such separate records and accounts
                   are included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal con-
                   trols involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   CONACYT or CENAM shall have failed to perform any of
their obligations under the Project Agreements, or IMPI shall have
Page  7
failed to perform any of its obligations under the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that CONACYT or CENAM will be able to
perform any of their obligations under the Project Agreements;
      (c)   the charter, regulations or other documents whereby
CONACYT was created or is governed (including the PACIME Rules)
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect, in the opinion of the Bank, materially and adversely
the ability of CONACYT to perform any of its obligations under the
CONACYT Project Agreement;
      (d)   the charter, regulations or other documents whereby
CENAM was created or is governed (including the Metrology Project)
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect, in the opinion of the Bank, materially and adversely
the ability of CENAM to perform any its obligations under the CENAM
Project Agreement;
      (e)   the decree creating IMPI or the IMPI Project Document
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect, in the opinion of the Bank, materially and adversely
the ability of IMPI to perform any of its obligations under the
contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement;
      (f)   the Guarantor or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of CONACYT, CENAM or IMPI or for the suspension of the operations of
any one of them.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to the
Borrower; and
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) or (e) or
(f) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addition-
al condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions, namely that
the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of this
Agreement shall have been executed.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section
3.01 (a) of this Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified by
the Borrower, the Guarantor, CONACYT and CENAM, have been duly
executed, and are legally binding upon the Borrower, the Guarantor,
CONACYT and CENAM in accordance with their terms; and
      (b)   that the Project Agreements have been duly authorized or
ratified by CONACYT and CENAM, have been duly executed, and are
legally binding upon CONACYT and CENAM in accordance with their
terms.
      Section 6.03. The date September 16, 1992 is hereby specified
Page  8
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Director Internacional of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For the Borrower:
            Direccion Internacional
            Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
            Plaza NAFINSA, Insurgentes Sur 1971
            Torre IV, piso 8
            01020 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   NAFIN                     NAFIME 383-1775765
                   Mexico City               Mexico City
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico D. F., United Mexican
States, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                   NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                   By /s/ Oscar Espinosa Villarreal
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
Page  9
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expendi-
tures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Part A of the Project:     150,000,000      100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
    Scientific equipment,                       75% of local
    computers and labora-                       expenditures
    tory materials
(2) Part B of the Project:      30,000,000
    (a)  laboratory equip-      26,000,000      100% of foreign
         ment and computers                     expenditures and
                                                75% of local
                                                expenditures
    (b)  training, consul-      4,000,000       100%
         tants and promotion
(3) Part C of the Project:       3,000,000
    (a)  laboratory equip-       1,000,000      100% of foreign
         ment, computers,                       expenditures and
         software, data-                        75% of local
         bases and appli-                       expenditures
         cations
    (b)  training, consul-       2,000,000      100%
         tants and promotion
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(4) Part D of the Project:       6,000,000
    (a)  laboratory equip-       4,940,000      100% of foreign
         ment, computers,                       expenditures and
         software, databases                    75% of local
         and applications                       expenditures
    (b)  training, consul-       1,060,000      100%
         tants and promotion
                               ___________
         TOTAL                 189,000,000
                               ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Guarantor for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Guarantor;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Guarantor or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "promotion" means international seminars and
educational materials.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
Page  10
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $18,900,000, may be made in respect of Category (1) on
account of payments made for expenditures before that date but after
January 1, 1992;
      (b)   Category (1) for any one science research project or
equipment infrastructure project if such withdrawal would cause the
aggregate of all withdrawals for such project to exceed $5,000,000
equivalent;
      (c)   Category (3) unless the Bank shall be satisfied with the
program for FY1993 for SECOFI/DGN in accordance with the provisions
of Section 3.05 (iii) of the Guarantee Agreement; and
      (d)   Category (4) unless: (i) the Bank has received from the
Guarantor a copy of the decree establishing IMPI; (ii) the contrac-
tual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement
shall have been entered into on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank; (iii) the Bank shall have received an opinion or opinions
satisfactory to the Bank of counsel satisfactory to the Bank that
said contractual arrangements have been duly authorized or ratified
by the Borrower, the Guarantor and IMPI, have been executed, and are
legally binding upon the Borrower, the Guarantor and IMPI in
accordance with their terms; (iv) the Bank shall be satisfied with
the budgetary allocation to IMPI in accordance with the provisions
of Section 3.03 of the Guarantee Agreement; and (v) IMPI's top
managers shall have been appointed and shall have taken up their
positions.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to rationalize increased
public sector funding for scientific research and equipment
infrastructure and to strengthen the public agencies providing
support to private industry in the areas of metrology, standards,
testing and quality assurance, and intellectual property rights
protection.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Science Programs
      The execution of programs for scientific research and
equipment infrastructure, repatriation and retention of Mexican
researchers, and academic chairs of excellence under CONACYT grants
using the PACIME Rules.
Part B:     Metrology
      Start-up of CENAM and strengthening of its operations so as to
enable it to provide high quality technical and scientific support
for the national metrology infrastructure through, inter alia:
      (1)   training of its staff and technical assistance; and
      (2)   completion of CENAM's administration facilities,
adaptation of its laboratories, acquisition and installation of
appropriate laboratory equipment, and strengthening of its opera-
tions (including promotion, research and development, commercial
services, and international cooperation).
Part C:     Standardization Program
      Implementation by SECOFI/DGN of the Standardization Program in
order to increase private sector participation in metrology
standardization, testing, certification and quality assurance, and
to strengthen and promote SECOFI/DGN's activities related to these
Page  11
matters.
Part D:     Intellectual Property Rights Protection
      Strengthening the administration of intellectual property
rights protection through start-up and development of IMPI in
accordance with the IMPI Project Document.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due              (expressed in dollars)*
On each February 15 and August 15
     beginning February 15, 1998
     through February 15, 2007               9,450,000
and on August 15, 2007                       9,450,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                    The interest rate (expressed as
                                    a percentage per annum) appli-
                                    cable to the Loan on the day of
                                    prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.20
      before maturity
More than three years but                    0.40
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                      0.73
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                   0.87
      more than 13 years
      before maturity
More than 13 years before                    1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
Page  12
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000
or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $250,000
but more than the equivalent of $100,000 may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank;
provided, however, that specialized equipment sold only by a limited
number of international manufacturers may be procured on the basis
of limited international bidding in accordance with the Guidelines.
2.    Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or less for an aggregate not to exceed $27,000,000
equivalent may be awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Proprietary goods may be purchased through direct contracting
in accordance with paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines, up to an
aggregate amount which shall not exceed $12,000,000 equivalent.
4.    Subject to the Bank's prior written approval, specialized
computer equipment, databases, software and applications for Part D
of the Project may be procured through the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) in accordance with WIPO's procedures.
Part D:     Review of Procurement Decisions by the Bank
1.    Review of final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract to be awarded
pursuant to the provisions of Part A of this Section and each
contract to be valued in excess of $250,000 equivalent to be awarded
following limited international bidding pursuant to Part C.1 of this
Section; (ii) the first two contracts for goods valued at less than
$250,000 equivalent to be awarded pursuant to the provisions of Part
C.1 of this Section; (iii) each contract to be awarded pursuant to
the provisions of Part C.3 of this Section; and (iv) the first
contract to be awarded by respectively, CONACYT, CENAM, SECOFI/DGN,
and IMPI irrespective of its value, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for any such contracts are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
Page  13
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist CENAM, SECOFI/DGN and IMPI in carrying out
their respective Parts of the Project, they shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfacto-
ry to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $15,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule. The Borrower shall make withdrawals from the Special
Account for payments of eligible expenditures on the basis of the
evidence that the Bank shall have reasonably determined, and shall
debit the Special Account with the amount in dollars so withdrawn or
with the dollar equivalent of the currency other than dollars in
which the payment was made, determined on the basis of the rate of
exchange between the dollar and such currency in effect:
      (a)   on the date of each payment, if the withdrawal from the
Special Account in respect of such payment has been made within 90
days from the date of such payment; or
      (b)   on the date each withdrawal from the Special Account has
been made.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Page  14
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                   vals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; and (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank:
(A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
Page  15
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the GeneralConditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                   IMPI Contractual Arrangements
                        (Section 3.01 (b))
Execution of Part D of the Project
1.    IMPI declares its commitment to the objectives of the Project
as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and to this end,
shall carry out Part D of the Project described in said Schedule
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with the IMPI
Project Document and appropriate administrative, scientific, and
financial practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part D of the Project.
2.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of the
goods and consultants' services required for Part D of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
3.    IMPI shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of Part D of the Project.
4.    (a)   IMPI shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange views
with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part D of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under the contractual arrange-
ments referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   IMPI shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by IMPI of its obligations under this Agreement.
5.    Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 9.01 of the
General Conditions, IMPI shall:
      (a)   no later than February 28 in each year, starting in
1994, hold annual reviews with the Bank on the progress of Part D of
the Project and shall, for that purpose, provide the Bank with a
progress report not later than January 31 of each year;
      (b)   include in each progress report referred to in paragraph
(a) above a comparison of actual performance with the implementation
indicators set forth in the Annex to the letter of even date
herewith from the Guarantor to the Bank;
      (c)   for the purposes of the annual review to be held in
1994, include in its progress report covering FY1993 a report on the
progress made in achieving the objectives set out in the IMPI
Project Document and on IMPI's experience with cost recovery for
services to industry; and
Page  16
      (d)   promptly take all such remedial action, satisfactory to
IMPI and the Bank, as shall be necessary for the efficient execution
of Part D of the Project or the achievement of the objectives of the
Project if, as a result of any of the above annual reviews, progress
in the execution of Part D of the Project or in the achievement of
the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory to the Bank.
Management and Operations of IMPI
6.    IMPI shall carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, scientific and financial
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
7.    IMPI shall at all times operate and maintain its premises,
equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and administrative
practices.
8.    IMPI shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
Financial Covenants
9. IMPI shall maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including separate records
and accounts reflecting the resources and expenditures in respect of
Part D of the Project.
10.   (a) IMPI shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to above
                   and its financial statements (balance sheets,
                   statements of income and expenses and related
                   statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                   accordance with generally accepted auditing
                   standards and procedures, by independent and
                   qualified auditors;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) a certified copy of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audit-
                   ed; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements and the audit thereof as the Bank
                   shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to which withdraw-
als were made from the Special Account, IMPI shall provide to NAFIN
all records and accounts necessary to allow NAFIN to perform its
obligations punctually under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
