Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2546 SL
                                                       (Second Amendment)
                         Second Agreement Amending
                       Development Credit Agreement
                      (Structural Adjustment Credit)
                                  between
                         REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated January 23, 1995
                                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 2546 SL
                                                       (Second Amendment)
                         SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 23, 1995, between the REPUBLIC OF
SIERRA LEONE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Structural Adjustment
Credit), dated October 15, 1993, as amended by the Agreement
Amending Development Credit Agreement dated March 15, 1994
(hereinafter together referred to as the Development Credit
Agreement) for the purpose of assisting in the financing of the
program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the
Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development
Credit Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent
to two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 200,000);
Page  2
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance
to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                       Amendments to the Development
                             Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by:
            (i)   the deletion of the definitions in items (d),
                  (e) and (f) thereof and the substitution
                  therefor of the following new definitions:
                  '(d)  "First Tranche" means an amount equivalent
                        to SDR14,440,000 to be withdrawn from the
                        proceeds of the Credit after the Effective
                        Date in accordance with the provisions of
                        the Development Credit Agreement;
                  (e)   "Second Tranche" means an amount
                        equivalent to SDR11,000,000 to be
                        withdrawn from the proceeds of the Credit
                        after the First Tranche in accordance with
                        the provisions of the Development Credit
                        Agreement;
                  (f)   "Third Tranche" means an amount equivalent
                        to SDR 10,800,000 to be withdrawn from the
                        proceeds of the Credit after the Second
                        Tranche in accordance with the provisions
                        of the Development Credit Agreement;
            (ii)  the deletion of the word "and" at the end of
                  the definition of the term "SAPS Committee" in
                  item (h) thereof;
           (iii)  the deletion of the period at the end of
                  the definition of the term "SAPDU" in item
                  (i) thereof, substituting therefor a semi-
                  colon and adding immediately thereafter
                  the following new definitions:
                  '(j)  "First Amending Agreement" means the
                        Agreement Amending the Development Credit
                        Agreement between the Borrower and the
                        Association, dated March 15, 1994;
                  (k)   "Second Amending Agreement" means the
                        Second Agreement Amending the Development
                        Credit Agreement between the Borrower and
                        the Association, dated January 23, 1995";
                  (l)   "Amending Agreements" means the First
                        Amending Agreement and the Second Amending
                        Agreement;
                  (m)   "First Additional Financing" means the
                        additional financing provided under the
                        First Amending Agreement;
                  (n)   "Second Additional Financing" means the
                        additional financing provided under the
                        Second Amending Agreement; and
                  (o)   "Additional Financings" means the First
Page  3
                        Additional Financing and the Second
                        Additional Financing.'
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
      referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount
      in various currencies equivalent to thirty-six million two
      hundred forty thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 36,240,000) (the Credit), which includes an original
      amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-five
      million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 35,900,000) and the following additional amounts in
      various currencies equivalent to: (i) one hundred forty
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 140,000) (First
      Additional Financing); and (ii) two hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 200,000) (Second Additional
      Financing)."
      Section 1.03. Section 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by: (i) the deletion of the period at the
end of the said Section and the substitution therefor of a
semi-colon; and (ii) the addition at the end of the said
Section of the following proviso:
      "provided, however, that any commitment charge on either
      of the Additional Financings shall accrue from a date
      sixty days after the date of the Amending Agreement under
      which such Additional Financing is provided."
      Section 1.04. Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by the deletion in paragraph 4 (b) thereof
of the amount of "SDR 25,240,000" and the substitution therefor
of the amount of "SDR 25,440,000".
      Section 1.05. Paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended to read as follows:
      "5. After a date twelve months from the date of either of
the Amending Agreements, no withdrawals shall be made and no
commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Additional Financing provided under
such Amending Agreement. At any time after such date, the
Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of such Additional Financing from the Credit
Account or any part thereof."
                                ARTICLE II
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective
until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been
furnished to the Association that the execution and delivery of
this Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly
authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pur-
suant to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions
satisfactory to the Association of counsel acceptable to the
Association showing, on behalf of the Borrower, that this
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed
and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally binding
upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to
the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required
Page  4
by Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into
force and effect by a date sixty (60) days after the date of
this Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the
parties hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association
establishes a later date for the purposes of this Section. If
this Agreement shall terminate under the provisions of this
Section, the Development Credit Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect, as if this Agreement had not been
executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE
                  By /s/ John Karimu
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Jean-Louis Sarbib
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
