Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2615 MOG
                             Project Agreement
                    (Transport Rehabilitation Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                                MONGOL BANK
                            Dated June 13, 1994
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2615 MOG
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 13, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and MONGOL BANK (MB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between Mongolia (the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-one million six hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 21,600,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that MB and MR agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement
and the MR Project Agreement respectively;
      (B) by a Subsidiary Credit Agreement to be entered into between the
Page  2
Borrower and MB, a portion of the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to MB on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Credit Agreement; and
      WHEREAS MB, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
      a.    "Eligible Beneficiary" means individually a transport entity
            selected pursuant to paragraph 2 in Part A of the Schedule to
            this Agreement.
      b.    "Financing Agreements" means collectively the financing
            agreements entered or to be entered into between MB and the
            PCBs pursuant to paragraph 3 in Part A of the Schedule to this
            Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
            such term includes any schedules to the Financing Agreements;
            "Financing Agreement" means any of the Financing Agreements;
            and "Financing" means the financing made available under the
            Financing Agreement.
      c.    "Subproject" or "Subprojects" means a specific subproject or
            subprojects to be carried out by an Eligible Beneficiary or
            Eligible Beneficiaries under Part C.1 of the Project.
      d.    "Subsidiary Credit Agreement" means the subsidiary credit
            agreement entered or to be entered into between the Borrower
            and MB pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of the Development Credit
            Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
            such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Credit
            Agreement.
      e.    "Subsidiary Financing Agreements" means collectively the
            subsidiary financing agreements entered or to be entered into
            between the PCBs and Eligible Beneficiaries pursuant to
            paragraph 5 in Part B of the Schedule to this Agreement, as the
            same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
            any schedules to the Subsidiary Financing Agreements;
            "Subsidiary Financing Agreement" means any of the Subsidiary
            Financing Agreements; and "Subsidiary Financing" means the
            subsidiary financing made available under the Subsidiary
            Financing Agreement.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) MB declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, without any limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, shall cause PCBs to
cause Eligible Beneficiaries to carry out Part C.1 of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
and financial practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Part C.1 of the Project.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section and except as the Association and MB shall otherwise agree, MB shall
Page  3
cause PCBs to cause Eligible Beneficiaries to carry out Part C.1 of the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) MB undertakes that, unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, Financing will be made in accordance with the procedures
and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in Part A of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b) MB shall exercise its rights in relation to each Financing in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Association and of MB; (ii)
comply with its obligations under this Agreement and the Subsidiary Credit
Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part C.1 of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. MB shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, and 9.07 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, and maintenance respectively) in respect of this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. MB shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Credit Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, MB shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Credit
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) MB shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of Part C.1
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Credit Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b) MB shall promptly inform the Association of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part C.1 of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by MB of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Credit Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) MB shall maintain procedures and records adequate
to monitor and record the progress of the Project and of each Subproject
(including its cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect
in accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition.
      (b) MB shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year, (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited and (B) the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
Page  4
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of MB thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b) If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance with
its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section,
the Association shall promptly notify MB of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
      For MB:
            Central Bank of Mongolia
            (Mongol Bank)
            Commercial Street 6
            Ulaanbaatar
            Mongolia
            Cable address:          Telex:
                  MONGOLBANK              79333
                  Ulaanbaatar
Page  5
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of MB may be taken or executed by its Governor or such other person
or persons as the Governor shall designate in writing, and MB shall furnish
to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By  /s/  Gautam S. Kaji
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                        MONGOL BANK
                        By  /s/  Ts. Gombosuren
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                          Implementation Program
                             Part A: Financing
1.    MB shall, in consultation with the Borrower and the Association,
      select commercial banks for participation in the financing of Part
      C.1 of the Project in accordance with criteria agreed with the
      Association.
2.    MB shall cause PCBs to, select transport entities for implementation
      of Part C.1 of the Project in accordance with criteria agreed with
      the Association.
3.    MB shall onlend the proceeds of the Subsidiary Credit to PCBs under
      Financing Agreements to be entered into between MB and PCBs, under
      terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association including the
      following: (a) the term of each Financing shall not exceed one year;
      (b) interest on the principal amount of each Financing withdrawn and
      outstanding from time to time shall be payable at a rate which is one
      percentage point lower than the monthy base rate (being the rate
      equal to the average quoted rate of the five largest commercial banks
      (in terms of capital structure) in Mongolia on their two-month
      Tugriks time deposits for the two months preceding the issuance of
      the special time deposit from MB to the commercial banks); (c)
      commitment charge on the principal amount of each Financing not
      withdrawn from time to time shall be payable at a rate equal to the
      rate set by the Association in accordance with Section 2.04 of the
      Development Credit Agreement; (d) the foreign exchange risk on each
      Financing shall be borne by the concerned PCBs; (e) PCBs will provide
      Subsidiary Financing to Eligible Beneficiaries in accordance with the
      procedures and on terms and conditions set forth in Part B hereof;
      (f) procurement of the goods and services required for Part C.1 of
      the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit will
      be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Page  6
      Agreement; (g) PCBs will carry out the obligations set forth in
      Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, and 9.07 of the General Conditions
      (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
      schedules, records and reports, and maintenance respectively) in
      respect of Part C.1 of the Project; (h) PCBs will not, except as the
      Association may otherwise agree, take or concur in any action which
      would have the effect of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving
      their respective Financing Agreement or any provision thereof; (i)
      PCBs will, at the request of the Association, exchange views with the
      Association with regard to the progress of Part C.1 of the Project,
      the performance of their respective obligations under the Financing
      Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit;
      and (j) all the other obligations of MB under the MB Project
      Agreement shall, mutatis mutandis, apply to PCBs in carrying out
      their respective Financing Agreement.
4.    MB shall exercise its rights under the Financing Agreements in such
      manner as to protect the interests of MB, the Borrower and the
      Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and except
      as the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise agree, MB shall
      not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Financing Agreements or any
      provision thereof.
               Part B: Subsidiary Financing and Subprojects
5.    To enable Eligible Beneficiaries to carry out the Subprojects, PCBs
      shall provide the proceeds of their Financing to Eligible
      Beneficiaries under Subsidiary Financing Agreements to be entered
      into between the PCBs and Eligible Beneficiaries, under terms and
      conditions satisfactory to the Association including the following:
      (a) the term of each Subsidiary Financing shall not exceed one year;
      (b) interest on the principal amount of each Subsidiary Financing
      withdrawn and outstanding from time to time shall be payable at a
      rate not exceeding the loan rate (being the rate applicable to short
      term (less than one year) commercial loans to private business units
      as published in MB's monthly Statistical Bulletin) applicable for the
      month prior to the date of the Financing; (c) the Eligible
      Beneficiaries shall carry out the Subprojects with due diligence and
      efficiency and in accordance with sound technical, financial and
      managerial standards and maintain adequate records; (d) the goods and
      services to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
      procured in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the
      Development Credit Agreement and such goods shall be used exclusively
      in carrying out of the Subprojects; (e) PCBs shall inspect,
      individually or jointly with representatives of the Association, if
      the Association so requests, such goods included in the Subprojects,
      and any relevant records and documents; (f) the Eligible
      Beneficiaries shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers
      such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts, as shall be
      consistent with sound business practice and, without any limitation
      upon the foregoing, such insurance will cover hazards incident to the
      acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the
      proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or installa-tion, and any
      indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
      by the Eligible Beneficiary to replace or repair such goods; (g) PCBs
      shall obtain all such information as the Association or MB may
      reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
      administration, operations and financial condition of the Eligible
      Beneficiaries and to the benefits to be derived from the Subprojects;
      and (h) PCBs shall suspend or terminate the right of an Eligible
      Beneficiary to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by
      such Eligible Beneficiary to perform its obligations under its
      Subsidiary Financing Agreement.
6.    No expenditures for goods and services required for a Subproject
      shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of a Subsidiary
      Financing unless the Subsidiary Financing shall have been approved by
      MB.
7.    When presenting a Subsidiary Financing to MB for approval, the
      concerned PCB shall furnish to MB an application, in form
      satisfactory to the Association, together with (i) a description of
Page  7
      the Eligible Beneficiary and a description of the proposed Subproject
      and expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
      Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Subsidiary
      Financing including the schedule of amortization of the Subsidiary
      Financing; and (iii) such other information as the Association or MB
      shall reasonably request including evidence, satisfactory to the
      Association or MB, regarding the proposed sale of the rehabilitated
      truck(s) to private persons/entities.
8.    Applications made pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 7 above
      shall be presented to MB on or before November 30, 1997.
