Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2629 MOZ
                             Project Agreement
                         (Gas Engineering Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                    EMPRESA NACIONAL DE HIDROCARBONETOS
                            Dated June 17, 1994
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER      MOZ
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 17, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and EMPRESA NACIONAL DE HIDROCARBONETOS (ENH).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Mozambique (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to twenty one million three hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 21,300,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that ENH
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and ENH, a portion of the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be relent to ENH on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS ENH, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement and in the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ENH declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement and,
to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, and
engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.02. ENH shall carry out Part B of the Project in conformity
with appropriate environmental practices, satisfactory to the Association,
and consistent with the environmental action plan referred to in paragraph
2(b) of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of goods, works and services required for Part B of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.04. ENH shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.05. ENH shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
ENH shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) ENH shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of Part B
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ENH shall promptly inform the Association of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part B of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by ENH of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.07. For the purpose of Part B.4 and B.6 of the Project, ENH
shall enter into a joint-venture agreement, with one or several private
firms, under the terms and conditions that shall have been found
satisfactory by the Association.
      Section 2.08. Without limitation to the provisions of the Development
Credit Agreement and Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, ENH shall,
every three months, submit to the Association, progress reports on the
implementation of Part B of the Project, and all such information related
thereto as the Association shall reasonably request.
       Section 2.09. (a) ENH shall, prior to the implementation of Part B.4,
B.5 and B.6 of the Project, and in any case, no later than December 31,
1995, carry out, jointly with the Association, a mid-term review of the
progress made in the carrying out of the Project as referred to in Section
3.05 of the Development Credit Agreement.
Page  3
      (b)   The review shall cover, inter alia, the preparation for Part
B.4, B.5 and B.6 of the Project including the terms of reference, the
implementation of measures designed to strengthen the financial reporting,
monitoring, accounting and auditing capabilities of ENH.
      (c)   No later than one month prior to such mid-term review, ENH
shall, furnish to the Association, for its review and comments, a report in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, including and
evaluation of the progress achieved in complying with Project implementation
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and recommendations resulting from
the studies conducted under the Project.
      (d)   Promptly after completing such review, ENH shall carry out the
recommendations emanating from the said review.
      Section 2.10. ENH shall, for the purpose of Part B of the Project,
create and maintain, until the completion of the Project, a Project
Management Team (PMT), which shall ensure, inter alia, the coordination
between the joint venture partners as well as the different activities of
the Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of ENH
      Section 3.01. ENH shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, management,
environmental and engineering practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ENH shall at all times operate and maintain its plant,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound financial, management, environmental and engineering practices.
      Section 3.03. ENH shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ENH shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
      (b)   ENH shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited; and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, ENH
shall:
Page  4
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
                  the last withdrawal from the Credit Account or payment
                  out of the Special Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are included in the
                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ENH thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date fifteen (15) years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify ENH of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  5
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For ENH:
            Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos
            Avenida Fernao de Magalhaes 34
            P.O. Box 4787
            Maputo
                                          Telex:
                                            6-478 ENH-MO
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of ENH, or by ENH on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Director General or such
other person or persons as the Director General shall designate in writing,
and ENH shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  EMPRESA NACIONAL DE HIDROCARBONETOS
                  By /s/ Hipolito Zozimo Patricio
                                                Authorized Representative
