Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2506 PH
               (Urban Health and Nutrition Project)
                              between
                    REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated November 22, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2506 PH
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 22, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF THE
PHILIPPINES (the "Borrower") and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the "Association").
      WHEREAS: (A) The Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS: (B) The Borrower intends to obtain from the
Government of Australia (the "GOA") a grant (the "GOA Grant") in an
amount equivalent to three million one hundred thousand dollars
($3,100,000), to assist in financing Part B.(3), (ii) of the
Project, on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
"GOA Grant Agreement") to be entered into between the Borrower and
GOA; and
      WHEREAS: (C) The Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
"General Conditions") constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth,
and the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a) "Code" means the Borrower's Local Government Code of 1991,
promulgated pursuant to the Borrower's Republic Act No. 7160 dated
October 10, 1991, and which Code became effective on January 1,
1992;
      (b) "DBM" means the Borrower's Department of Budget and
Management, established pursuant to the Borrower's Executive Order
No. 086, dated December 15, 1988;
      (c) "DILG" means the Borrower's Department of Interior and
Local Government, established pursuant to the Borrower's Executive
Order No. 062, dated July 25, 1987;
      (d) "DOF" means the Borrower's Department of Finance,
established pursuant to the  Borrower's Executive Order No. 127,
dated January 30, 1987;
      (e) "DOH" means the Borrower's Department of Health,
established pursuant to the  Borrower's Executive Order No. 119,
dated January 30, 1987;
      (f) "Eligible LGU" means any LGU (as such term is defined
hereinafter) which both has entered into its respective MOA (as such
term is defined hereinafter), and is in full compliance with the
provisions thereof, and whose corresponding MOA yearly
implementation program (including said program's aggregate
operational plan and related financial and investment budget) has
been reviewed and approved by the DOH and the Association, pursuant
to the provisions of Sections 3.03 and 3.04 of this Agreement,
respectively; and the term "Eligible LGUs" means collectively each
of said LGU;
      (g) "Fiscal Year" means the twelve (12) month period
corresponding to any of the Borrower's fiscal years, which period
commences on January 1 and ends on December 31 in each calendar
year;
      (h) "IAA" means the Inter-Agency Agreement to be entered into
between the DOF, DOH, DILG, DBM and NEDA (as such term is defined
hereinafter), which IAA is referred to in Sections 3.03 (c) and (d),
5.01 (c), 6.01 (b) and 6.02 of this Agreement;
      (i) "LGU" means each of the Borrower's following twenty-one
(21) Local Government Units, and such other Units as may be agreed
upon in writing between the Borrower and the Association: Kalookan;
Manila; Pasay; Quezon City; Las Pinas; Makati; Malabon; Mandaluyong;
Marikina; Muntinlupa; Navotas; Paranaque; Pasig; Pateros; San Juan;
Taguig; Valenzuela; Cebu City; Lapulapu City; Mandaue City; and
Cagayan De Oro City; and the term "LGUs" means collectively each of
said LGU;
      (j) "MDF" means the Borrower's Municipal Development Fund
established pursuant to the Borrower's Presidential Decree No. 1914,
dated March 29, 1984;
      (k) "MOA" means each  Memorandum of Agreement to be entered
Page  3
into between the DOH, DILG and a LGU, which MOA is referred to in
Sections 3.03 (a) and (b), 6.01 (a) and 6.02 of this Agreement; and
the term "MOAs" means collectively each of said MOA;
      (l) "NEDA" means the Borrower's National Economic and
Development Authority, established pursuant to the Borrower's
Executive Order No. 230, dated July 22, 1987;
      (m) "NGO" means a non-governmental organization; and the term
"NGOs" means collectively each of said NGO; and
      (n) "PCU-UHNP" means the Project Coordination Unit for the
Urban Health and Nutrition Project to be established and thereafter
maintained by the Borrower, within the DOH, for the overall
supervision and coordination of the Project, which PCU-UHNP is
referred to in Section 3.02 of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to fifty-
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 50,500,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services required for the Project, described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2000, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b) The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty (60) days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date, or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c) The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as
the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions
of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and
(iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the purposes
of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions, or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be designated or
selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
Page  4
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
December 1, 2003, and ending June 1, 2028. Each installment, to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2013, shall be one and
one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b) Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded seven
hundred and ninety dollars ($790) in constant 1985 dollars for five
consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to
the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the development
of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to
repay twice the amount of each such installment not yet due until
the principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid. If so
requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in
the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an
annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not
change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.
      (c) If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's
economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association
may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as provided in
paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through the
DOH and Eligible LGUs with due diligence and efficiency, and in
conformity with appropriate accounting, administrative, economic,
financial, health and environmental practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall establish, within the
DOH, a Project Coordination Unit for the Urban Health and Nutrition
Project (PCU-UHNP) upon terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, which PCU-UHNP shall be responsible for the overall
supervision and coordination of the implementation of the Project,
including, inter alia, the procurement of goods and services
required therefor.
      (b) Until completion of the Project, the Borrower shall
maintain, or cause to be maintained, within the DOH, the PCU-UHNP in
form and with such composition, functions and terms of reference as
shall be satisfactory to the Association, and shall ensure that the
PCU-UHNP is at all times headed by a Project Coordinator and staffed
with qualified personnel in adequate numbers, and is provided with
all the necessary facilities and other required resources.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall make part of the proceeds
of the Credit available, on a grant equivalent basis, to each LGU
Page  5
pursuant to a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) to be entered into
between the DOH, DILG and corresponding LGU, under terms and
conditions setting forth, inter alia, an overall cost sharing
arrangement acceptable to the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)  Without any limitation or restriction to the provisions
of this Agreement, the Borrower shall exercise its rights and comply
with its obligations, and shall cause the LGUs to exercise their
respective rights and comply with their respective obligations,
under their corresponding MOA in such a manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit, and, except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, not assign, amend, abrogate, or waive the MOA, or
any provision thereof;
      (c)  For the purposes of making available part of the proceeds
of the Credit to each LGU on the basis of the MOAs referred to in
paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the Borrower shall cause each of the
DOF, DOH, DILG, DBM and NEDA to enter into an Inter-Agency Agreement
(IAA) under terms and conditions acceptable to the Association,
which IAA shall, inter alia, specify the procedures governing the
flow and prompt disbursement of said proceeds through the MDF
directly to each Eligible LGU, all in accordance with the provisions
of the corresponding MOA and under conditions consistent with the
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement; and
      (d)  Without any limitation or restriction to the provisions
of this Agreement, the Borrower shall exercise its rights and comply
with its obligations, and shall cause each of the DOF, DOH, DILG,
DBM and NEDA to exercise their respective rights and comply with
their respective obligations, under the IAA in such a manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association and to
accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and, except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, not assign, amend, abrogate, or
waive the IAA, or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower, through the DOH, shall:
      (a)  Not later than July 31 in each Fiscal Year, beginning in
Fiscal Year 1994, review the yearly implementation program of each
MOA for the following Fiscal Year, including, inter alia, their
respective proposed Project aggregate operational plan and related
financial and investment budgets, and the progress achieved by the
corresponding LGU in implementing its respective part of the Project
during the preceding Fiscal Year;
      (b)  Not later than October 30 in each Fiscal Year, beginning
in Fiscal Year 1994, review and finalize said implementation
programs jointly with the participation of each corresponding LGU;
      (c)  Not later than December 31 in each Fiscal Year, beginning
in Fiscal Year 1994, complete and furnish to the Association, for
its joint review with the DOH and subsequent approval by the
Association, each of said implementation programs; and
      (d)  Promptly thereafter, carry out, or cause to be carried
out, with due diligence and efficiency each of said implementation
programs, taking into account the Association's comments, views and
recommendations thereon pursuant to the review referred to in
paragraph (c) above.
      Section 3.05. (a) Not later than December 31, 1994, the
Borrower shall carry out under terms of reference satisfactory to
the Association: (i) a study on pre-school child development within
the Borrower's territory; and (ii) a baseline evaluation study of
health and nutrition conditions in specified communities within the
Borrower's territory; and
      (b)  Not later than December 31, 1996, and December 31, 1999,
respectively, the Borrower shall complete and furnish to the
Association for its review and comments two (2) separate follow-up
studies updating and developing the baseline evaluation study
Page  6
referred to in sub-paragraph (a) (i) above.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall make, or cause to be made,
all necessary arrangements, satisfactory to the Association, for the
disbursement, accounting and auditing of the grant funds which are
to be made available to NGOs, and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit, in respect of the services to be rendered under Part
C (1) of the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall take all action necessary to
ensure that no contract whatsoever for the procurement of goods,
works or services is entered into in respect of any LGU, under any
Category in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Schedule, unless said LGU shall have entered into its corresponding
MOA, and that such MOA shall have become effective.
      Section 3.08. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project, and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, separate records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower, including the DOH, DILG and LGUs,
responsible for carrying out the Project, or any part thereof.
      (b) The Borrower shall, through the DOH:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each Fiscal
                  Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine (9) months
                  after the end of each such year, a certified copy
                  of the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c) For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one (1) year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  Fiscal Year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
Page  7
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section, and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                  by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such Fiscal Year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a) The Borrower, or any other authority having jurisdiction,
shall have taken any action for the disestablishment or dissolution
of the DOF, DOH, DILG, DBM, NEDA or any Eligible LGU, or for the
suspension of any of their operations, so as to adversely and
materially affect the ability of the Borrower to carry out, or cause
to be carried out, the Project or any part thereof.
      (b) The Code shall have been amended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of the
DOH, DILG or any LGU to perform any of its respective obligations
under either this Agreement or the corresponding MOA.
      (c) The IAA shall have been amended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the carrying out of
the Project, or any part thereof.
      (d)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project,
                        or any part thereof, shall have been
                        suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole
                        or in part, pursuant to the terms of the
                        agreement providing therefor, or
                  (B)   Any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                  faction of the Association that: (A) such sus-
                  pension, cancellation, termination or prematuring
                  is not caused by the failure of the Borrower to
                  perform any of its obligations under such agree-
                  ment; and (B) adequate funds for the Project are
                  available to the Borrower from other sources on
                  terms and conditions consistent with the obliga-
                  tions of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a) Any event specified in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of ninety (90) days after notice thereof shall have been
given by the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b) The event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
Page  8
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement, within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)  That all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of at
least nine (9) MOAs shall have been fulfilled, other than those
related to the effectiveness of this Agreement, pursuant to the
provisions of Section 3.03 of this Agreement;
      (b)  That all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
IAA  shall have been fulfilled, other than those related to the
effectiveness of this Agreement, pursuant to the provisions of
Section 3.03 of this Agreement; and
      (c)  That the Borrower, through the DOH, shall have
established the PCU-UHNP and appointed its Project Coordinator and
personnel, pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.02 of this
Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association by counsel acceptable to the
Association, namely, that each of the nine (9) MOAs and the IAA,
referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 6.01 above,
respectively, has been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed
and delivered on behalf of, the parties thereto, and is legally
binding upon such parties in accordance with its respective terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred and twenty (120) days after
the date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretary of Finance
            Department of Finance
            Manila
            Republic of the Philippines
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  SECFIN                        40268
                  Manila                        CB-CONF
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  9
                  INDEVAS                       248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.              82987 (FTCC),
                                                64145 (WUI) or
                                                197688 (TRT).
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                        By /s/ Ernest Leung
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Gautam S. Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                               SCHEDULE 1
                   Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed in each
Category:
                                   Amount of the
                                      Credit              % of
                                     Allocated         Expenditures
                                   (Expressed in          to be
            Category               SDR Equivalent)        Financed
(1) Civil works                       6,500,000        100%
(2) Goods, including:                                 100% of foreign
    (a) Drugs, chemicals                              expenditures,
        and contraceptives            6,500,000       100% of local
    (b) Equipment, furniture                          expenditures
        materials and vehicles        6,500,000       (ex-factory cost)
    (c) Food supplements and                          and 85% of local
        micro-nutrients               6,500,000       expenditures for
                                                      other items procured
                                                      locally
(3) Consultants' services             4,700,000       100%
    and training
(4) Incremental operating             4,300,000       80% of expenditures in-
    personnel costs                                   curred prior to December
                                                      31, 1994; 40% of expendi-
                                                      tures incurred prior to
                                                      December 31, 1996; and 20%
                                                      thereafter
(5) Services rendered                  4,700,000      100%
    under Part C (1) of the
    Project on the basis of
    grants
Page  10
(6) Travel, maintenance                5,800,000      100%
    and operating costs
(7) Unallocated                        5,000,000
            TOTAL                     50,500,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
         (a) The term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
         (b) The term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
         (c) The term "incremental operating personnel costs" means
the salaries of Eligible LGU and DOH regular and contract staff in
respect of Project personnel; and
         (d) The term "travel, maintenance and operating costs"
means the maintenance costs of civil works equipment and vehicles,
and the travel costs of Project personnel.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project generally are to support the
Borrower's priorities to decentralize, expand and improve the
delivery of public and primary health care services within specified
areas of its territory, and, in particular, to assist the Borrower
in: (i) improving the health and nutrition status for high risk
groups within certain of its communities; (ii) strengthening the
capacity and efficiency of Eligible LGUs to plan, finance and
implement cost-effective local health and nutrition programs; (iii)
promoting collaboration between the Borrower's central government,
Eligible LGUs, local communities and NGOs in fulfilling local
community health needs; and (iv) strengthening the efficiency and
effectiveness of  the DOH.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:  Strengthening Health Care Service Delivery Programs
(1)   Expanding and improving the quality of the delivery of key
health care services to slum dwellers in specified areas of Eligible
LGUs, including, inter alia: (i) ante-natal and post-natal care;
(ii) safe birth practices; (iii) family planning; (iv)
immunizations; (v) control of diarrhea, acute respiratory
infections, tuberculosis and sexually transmitted diseases; (vi)
prophylaxis against micro-nutrient deficiencies; (vii) growth
monitoring, counselling and food supplementation to prevent and
treat protein energy malnutrition among pregnant women and young
children; and (viii) control of certain health related hazards
impacting on said slum dwellers.
(2)   Provision of the following works and goods in respect of
carrying out the activities set forth in Part A (1) above: (i)
constructing and equipping about fifty-five (55) new Eligible LGU
health centers, health stations and Lying-in maternity clinics; (ii)
upgrading about fifty-seven (57) Eligible LGU existing clinical
Page  11
facilities, including health centers, health stations and Lying-in
maternity clinics; (iii) hiring of additional doctors, dentists,
public health nurses and mid-wives, medical technicians,
nutritionists and sanitary inspectors; and (iv) acquisition of
certain goods in respect of the foregoing, including, inter alia,
drugs and chemicals, contraceptives, food supplements and micro-
nutrients, equipment, furniture, vehicles and related materials.
Part B: Eligible LGU and DOH Institutional Development
      (1) Improving the capacity of the city and municipal health
departments of each Eligible LGU to plan, manage, finance, implement
and evaluate their respective public health programs.
      (2) Strengthening the capacity of the DOH's central, regional
and district levels to provide technical assistance, training,
communications and logistical support to the city and municipal
health departments of the Eligible LGUs referred to in Part B (1)
above.
      (3) Provision of the following works and goods in respect of
carrying out the activities set forth in Parts B (1) and (2) above:
(i) constructing, restoring and equipping health administrative and
training facilities; (ii) providing communications and information
hardware and software; and (iii) providing specified equipment and
materials, including vehicles for field units.
      (4) Providing program planning seminars, staff training,
technical assistance, and Project contract staff, and other
incremental operating costs, all in respect of the activities set
forth in Parts B (1), (2) and (3) above.
Part C:  Community Partnerships for Health
      (1) Assisting in developing partnerships between the
Borrower's governmental institutions, the Eligible LGUs and
qualified NGOs, together with other community-based organizations,
for community health development within said Eligible LGUs through,
inter alia: (i) providing financial assistance for the institutional
development of qualified NGOs; (ii) establishing and maintaining
consultative fora and information networks involving groups from
Eligible LGUs possessing an interest in the delivery of public
health services in said Eligible LGUs' urban slums; and (iii)
implementing joint community/Eligible LGU/NGO sub-projects in health
and nutrition.
      (2) Provision of: (i) technical assistance services, including
training, to Eligible LGU city and municipal health departments from
the central and regional offices of the DOH; and (ii) contract
salaried staff, financial assistance, equipment, and travel and
training for Eligible LGU and DOH staff.
Part D: Policy Research and Evaluation
      Carrying out, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, health policy and operational research studies for
Project implementation and evaluation, which studies shall
emphasize, inter alia, alternative service delivery models to
determine which are most cost-effective for the Eligible LGUs urban
poor; these studies shall cover the following areas: (i)
environmental health development; (ii) women's health and family
planning; (iii) nutrition development; and (iv) other health
operations research as may be agreed upon from time to time between
the Borrower and the Association.
                            * * * * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
Page  12
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the "Guidelines"). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two (2) pre-disclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied
to all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be
taken into account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of two
hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) or more.
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Parts A (1) and (2) hereof, goods manufactured in the
territory of the Borrower may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55
and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
1. Local Competitive Bidding
      Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of two
hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of ten million dollars
($10,000,000), and contracts for civil works estimated to cost the
equivalent of nine hundred thousand dollars ($900,000) or less per
contract, up to aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
nine million five hundred thousand dollars ($9,500,000), may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satis-
factory to the Association.
2. Limited International Bidding
      Contracts for goods (namely drugs, chemicals and
contraceptives) estimated to cost up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of two million five hundred thousand dollars
($2,500,000), may be procured under contracts awarded through
limited international bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation
and comparison of bids obtained from at least three (3) qualified
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, and in accordance with
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
3. Direct Contracting
      Contract for proprietary items may be procured after direct
negotiations with suppliers of said proprietary items, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
4. International and Local Shopping Procedures
      Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of forty
Page  13
thousand dollars ($40,000) or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of four million three hundred
thousand dollars ($4,300,000), may be procured either: (i) under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three (3) suppliers from at least three (3)
different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association; or (ii) under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association under.
Part D: Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
            (a) With respect to each contract for goods and works
estimated to cost the equivalent of two hundred thousand dollars
($200,000) or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
            (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
            (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2. The figure of fifteen percent (15%) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower, and the Eligible LGUs, in
carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall employ, or cause to be
employed consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981 (the "Consultant Guidelines").
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior review
by the Association, or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
the  equivalent of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000) per contract.
However, this exception to prior review by the Association shall not
apply to the terms of reference for such contracts nor to the
employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Association and to amendments of contracts raising the contract
value to the equivalent of thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) or more
per contract.
