Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3196 IN
        (Cement Industry Restructuring Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
    INDUSTRIAL CREDIT AND INVESTMENT CORPORATION OF
                     INDIA LIMITED
                          and
         INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA
                  Dated June 13, 1990
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3196 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 13, 1990, among INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT, INDUSTRIAL
CREDIT AND INVESTMENT CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED and
INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA.
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between India and the Bank, the Bank has agreed
to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to three hundred million dollars
($300,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that ICICI and
IDBI agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank
as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B) by Subsidiary Loan Agreements to be entered into
between the Borrower and ICICI and the Borrower and IDBI,
a portion of the proceeds of the Loan provided for under
Page  2
the Loan Agreement will be onlent to ICICI and IDBI
respectively on the terms and conditions set forth in
said Subsidiary Loan Agreements; and
     WHEREAS ICICI and IDBI, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrow-
er, have agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) ICICI and IDBI declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the  Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall cause the PCs to carry out Part A of the Project
and conduct their respective operations and affairs in
accordance with their respective constitutional docu-
ments.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, ICICI and IDBI shall relend a
portion of the proceeds of the ICICI Subsidiary Loan and
the IDBI Subsidiary Loan respectively to the PCs, in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Part A of the
Schedule to this Agreement, to enable them to carry out
Sub-projects selected in accordance with the selection
criteria laid down in Part B of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for Part A of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Sub-loans shall be governed by the
provisions of Paragraph 4 (b) of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. ICICI and IDBI shall carry out and
cause to be carried out by the PCs the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09
of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively)
in respect of the Project Agreement and Part A of the
Project.
     Section 2.04. ICICI and IDBI shall duly perform all
their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
ICICI and IDBI shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving their respective Subsidiary Loan
Agreements or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) ICICI and IDBI shall, at the
request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with
regard to the progress of Part A of the Project, the
Page  3
performance of their respective obligations under this
Agreement, their respective Subsidiary Loan Agreements,
and other matters relating to the Sub-loans and Sub-
projects.
     (b) ICICI and IDBI shall promptly inform the Bank of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of Part A of the Project, the accom-
plishment of the purposes of the Sub-loans and Sub-
projects, or the performance by ICICI and IDBI of their
obligations under this Agreement and under their respec-
tive Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) ICICI and IDBI shall maintain
procedures and records adequate to monitor and record the
progress of each Sub-project (including its cost and the
benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices their
respective operations and financial condition.
     (b)  ICICI and IDBI shall:
          (i)  have their respective records (referred
               to in Paragraph (a) hereof), accounts
               and financial statements (balance
               sheets, statements of income and expens-
               es and related statements) for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles consis-
               tently applied, by independent auditors
               acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as avail-
               able, but in any case not later than six
               months after the end of each such year:
               (A) certified copies of their respective
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other informa-
               tion concerning said records, accounts
               and financial statements as well as the
               audit thereof, as the Bank shall from
               time to time reasonably request.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, ICICI and IDBI shall: (a) conduct their respective
operations and affairs in such manner as shall be
necessary to maintain, at all times, their respective
debt/equity ratio within the limit referred to in Section
3.03 of this Agreement; and (b) if such ratio shall, for
reasons beyond the control of ICICI and IDBI, be exceed-
ed, promptly take all such reasonable actions as shall be
necessary or advisable to bring such ratio within such
limit.
     Section 3.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, ICICI and IDBI shall:
          (i)  not incur or permit any subsidiary to
               incur any debt if, after the incurring
               of such debt, the consolidated debt of
               ICICI and IDBI, respectively, and all
               their respective subsidiaries then in-
               curred and outstanding, would be greater
Page  4
               than twelve times the consolidated capi-
               tal and surplus of ICICI and IDBI re-
               spectively and all their respective
               subsidiaries; and
          (ii) ensure that at all times their respec-
               tive consolidated internal cash genera-
               tion for each year shall be at least
               1.2:1 times the consolidated debt ser-
               vice requirements of their respective
               consolidated debt for that year.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any debt incurred
               by  ICICI and IDBI or any subsidiary
               thereof maturing more than one year
               after the date on which it is originally
               incurred; provided, however, that cur-
               rent repayments of such debt due and
               payable within one year shall be exclud-
               ed therefrom.
     (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
          a loan contract or agreement or other instru-
          ment providing for such debt or for the modi-
          fication of its terms of payment on the date,
          and to the extent, the amount of such debt has
          become outstanding pursuant to such loan
          contract, agreement or instrument; and (B)
          under a guarantee agreement, on the date the
          agreement providing for such guarantee has
          been entered into but only to the extent that
          the guaranteed debt is outstanding.
    (iii) The term "equity" means the sum of the total
          unimpaired paid-up capital, retained earnings
          and reserves of ICICI and IDBI respectively
          not allocated to cover specific liabilities.
           (iv)     Whenever for the purposes of this
                    Section it shall be necessary to
                    value, in terms of Rupees, debt
                    payable in another currency, such
                    valuation shall be made on the
                    basis of the prevailing lawful rate
                    of exchange at which such other
                    currency is, at the time of such
                    valuation, obtainable for the pur-
                    poses of servicing such debt, or,
                    in the absence of such rate, on the
                    basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                    able to the Bank.
          (v)  The term "consolidated debt of ICICI and
               IDBI, respectively, and all their re-
               spective subsidiaries" means the total
               amount of debt of ICICI and IDBI, re-
               spectively, and all their respective
               subsidiaries, excluding any debt owed by
               ICICI and IDBI, respectively, to any
               subsidiary or by any subsidiary to ICICI
               and IDBI, respectively, or to any other
               subsidiary.
          (vi) The term "consolidated capital and sur-
               plus of ICICI and IDBI, respectively and
               all their respective subsidiaries" means
               the aggregate of the total unimpaired
               paid-up capital, surplus and free re-
               serves of ICICI and IDBI respectively
               and all their respective subsidiaries
Page  5
               after excluding therefrom such amounts
               as shall represent equity interests of
               ICICI and IDBI respectively in any sub-
               sidiary or of any such subsidiary in
               ICICI and IDBI respectively or in any
               other subsidiary.
     Section 3.04. ICICI and IDBI shall not make any
repayment in advance of maturity in respect of any
outstanding debt of ICICI and IDBI which materially
affect the ability of ICICI and IDBI to meet their
respective financial obligations.
     Section 3.05. The Bank and ICICI and IDBI shall,
from time to time, at the request of any party, exchange
views through their respresentatives with regard to the
administration, operations and financial condition of
ICICI or IDBI, and ICICI or IDBI shall furnish to the
Bank all such information as the Bank shall reasonably
request concerning the administration, operations and
financial condition of ICICI or IDBI.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of ICICI and IDBI thereunder shall terminate
on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate
in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify ICICI and IDBI thereof.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General Condi-
tions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD           197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI)
Page  6
or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
     For ICICI:
          Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation
               of India Limited
          163, Backbay Reclamation
          Road No. 3
          Bombay - 400 020
          Cable address:           Telex:
               CREDCORP            011-3062 ICIC IN
               Bombay
     For IDBI:
          Industrial Development Bank of India
          IDBI Tower
          Cuffe Parade
          Bombay - 400 005
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDBANKIND               011-2193
               Bombay              011-4812
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of ICICI and
IDBI, or by ICICI and IDBI on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
Chairman and Managing Director or such other person or
persons as Chairman and Managing Director shall designate
in writing, and ICICI and IDBI shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticat-
ed specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                    INDUSTRIAL CREDIT AND INVESTMENT
                      CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED
                    By /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
Page  7
                    INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BANK OF INDIA
                    By /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
        Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
             of Sub-loans and Sub-projects
Part A:   Sub-loans
1.   Main terms and conditions of Sub-loan shall include:
          (a)  relending rate = prevailing ICICI and
               IDBI local currency term lending rate,
               presently at 14% per annum;
           (b) maximum amortization = repayment over 15
               years; including a maximum grace period
               of 5 years; and
           (c) undertaking to remedy measures identi-
               fied by the environmental assessment
               including source emission standards
               acceptable to the Bank.
2.   No expenditures for goods or services required for
a Sub-project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Sub-loan unless:
     (a)  the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have
been approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall
have been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the
date on which the Bank shall have received the applica-
tion and information required under paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule in respect of such Sub-loan; or
     (b)  the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have
been a free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the ICICI and IDBI Subsidiary
Loan Account and such expenditures shall have been made
not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Bank shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule in
respect of such free-limit Sub-loan. For the purposes of
this Agreement, a free-limit Sub-loan shall be a Sub-loan
for a Sub-project in an amount to be financed out of the
proceeds of the ICICI Subsidiary Loan or the IDBI
Subsidiary Loan which shall not exceed the sum of
$20,000,000  equivalent, when added to any other out-
standing amounts financed or proposed to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Subsidiary Loan.
3.   (a)  When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a free-
limit Sub-loan) under Part A of the Project to the Bank
for approval, ICICI and IDBI shall furnish to the Bank an
application, in form satisfactory to the Bank, together
with (i) a description of the PC and an appraisal of the
Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Subsidiary Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions
of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization
of the Sub-loan; (iii) an enviromental impact assessment
report relating to the Sub-project; and (iv) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
     (b)  Each request by ICICI and IDBI for authoriza-
tion to make withdrawals from their respective Subsidiary
Loan Accounts in respect of a free-limit Sub-loan shall
Page  8
contain (i) a summary description of the PC and the Sub-
project and environmental impact assessment thereof,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Sub-Loan, and (ii)
the terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including the
schedule of amortization therefor.
     (c)  Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this para-
graph shall be presented to the Bank on or before June
30, 1994.
4.   Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby ICICI and
IDBI shall obtain, by written contract with the PC or by
other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect
the interests of the Bank and ICICI and IDBI, including,
in the case of any Sub-loan the right to:
     (a)  require the PC to carry out and operate the
Sub-project with due diligence and efficiency and in
accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
     (b)  require that: (i) the goods and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Sub-loan shall be
purchased in accordance with Schedule 4 of the Loan
Agreement, and (ii) such goods and services shall be used
exclusively in the carrying out of the Sub-project;
     (c)  inspect, by itself or jointly with representa-
tives of the Bank if the Bank shall so request, such
goods included in the Sub-project, and any relevant
records and documents;
     (d)  require that: (i) the PC shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers such insurance,
against such risks and in such amounts, as shall be
consistent with sound business practice; and (ii) without
any limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance shall
cover hazards incident to the acquisition, transportation
and delivery of goods financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan to the place of use or installation, any indemnity
thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the PC to replace or repair such goods;
     (e)  obtain all such information as the Bank or
ICICI and IDBI shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and
financial condition of the PC and to the benefits to be
derived from the Sub-project; and
     (f)  suspend or terminate the right of the PC to the
use of the proceeds of the Sub-loan upon failure by such
PC to perform its obligations under its contract with
ICICI or IDBI.
Part B:   Sub-projects
     Unless otherwise agreed to by the Bank, all Sub-
projects shall satisfy the following eligibility criteria
and environmental assessment requirements:
     (a)  minimum economic rate of return = 12%;
     (b)  minimum financial rate of return = 15%;
     (c)  the PCs shall have an acceptable capital
structure such that with the proposed Sub-loan, the
debt:equity ratio would not normally exceed 2.5:1;
     (d)  proposed Sub-project is designed and all
equipment required thereunder is specified to meet the
Page  9
environmental protection standards applicable in India
and acceptable to the Bank; and
     (e)  completion of environmental impact assessment
satisfactory to the Bank.
