Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2509 IN
                   Development Credit Agreement
              (Uttar Pradesh Basic Education Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 7, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2509 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 7, 1993, between INDIA, acting by its
President, (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the State of Uttar
Pradesh (Uttar Pradesh) with the assistance of the Uttar Pradesh
Sabhee Ke Liye Siksha Pariyojana Parishad (EFAPB) and with the
assistance of the Borrower and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to Uttar Pradesh the proceeds of the
Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date between the Association of one part and Uttar
Pradesh and EFAPB of the other part;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BSP" means Basic Shiksha Parishad, established under
the Uttar Pradesh Basic Education Act, 1974 (Uttar Pradesh Act
Number 34 of 1972), as amended;
      (b)   "basic education" or "elementary education" means
primary (grades 1 through 5) and upper primary (grades 6 through 8)
schooling and non-formal primary and upper primary education;
      (c)   "block" means the administrative unit of the Borrower
referred to by that name into which each district of each state of
the Borrower is divided for the purposes of development administra-
tion;
      (d)   "DBE" means Uttar Pradesh's Directorate of Basic
Education;
      (e)   "DIET" means District Institute for Education and
Training;
      (f)   "DEPC" means District Education Project Committee
established in each Project District under this Project;
      (g)   "ECCE" means Early Childhood Care and Education;
      (h)   "EFAPB" means Uttar Pradesh Sabhee Ke Liye Siksha
Pariyojana Parishad, also known as the Uttar Pradesh Education For
All Project Board, a society established under the Borrower's
Societies Registration Act, 1860 as applied to Uttar Pradesh;
      (i)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement of even date
herewith between the Association of the one part and the State of
Uttar Pradesh and EFAPB of the other part, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (j)   "Project Districts" means the following districts in
Uttar Pradesh: Aligarh, Allahabad, Banda, Etawah, Gorakhpur,
Nainital, Pauri, Saharanpur, Sitapur and Varanasi;
      (k)   "SIEMT" means Uttar Pradesh's State Institute for
Educational Management and Training, to be established pursuant to
Part A(1)(b) of the Project;
      (l)   "Scheduled Castes" refers to the population groups
specified as "Scheduled Castes" pursuant to Article 341 of the
Constitution of India;
      (m)   "Scheduled Tribes" refers to the population groups
specified as "Scheduled Tribes" pursuant to Article 342 of the
Constitution of India;
      (n)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (o)   "Uttar Pradesh" means the Borrower's state of Uttar
Pradesh, or any successor thereto; and
      (p)   "VEC" means Gaon Shiksha Samiti, or Village Education
Committee, established under the Uttar Pradesh Basic Education Act,
Page  3
1972 (Uttar Pradesh Act Number 34 of 1972), as amended, in any
village in which the Project is being, or is to be, carried out.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
sixteen million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
116,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 2000 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15,
commencing November 15, 2003 and ending May 15, 2028. Each install-
ment to and including the installment payable on May 15, 2013 shall
be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent
(2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
Page  4
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
Uttar Pradesh and EFAPB to perform in accordance with the provisions
of the Project Agreement all the respective obligations of Uttar
Pradesh and EFAPB set forth, shall take and cause to be taken all
action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services and
other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable Uttar Pradesh
and EFAPB to perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit
to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to Uttar Pradesh in accordance with the Borrower's
standard arrangements for developmental assistance to the States of
India.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Section 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project shall be carried out jointly and severally by Uttar Pradesh
and EFAPB pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
Page  5
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Either Uttar Pradesh or EFAPB shall have failed to
perform any of its respective obligations under the Project
Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that Uttar Pradesh or EFAPB will
perform its respective obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   Uttar Pradesh shall have reduced the level of its
budgetary expenditure for basic education (net of Project expendi-
tures) below the level, in constant terms, of such expenditure in
the fiscal year 1992-1993.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower, Uttar Pradesh and EFAPB.
Page  6
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by Uttar Pradesh and EFAPB
respectively and is legally binding upon each of them in accordance
with its terms.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.03. The provisions of Section 5.02 of this Agreement
shall cease and determine on the date on which this Agreement shall
terminate or on the date twenty years after the date of this
Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Director,
Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary of the Department of Economic
Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INDIA
Page  7
                  By /s/ N. Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil Works:
    (a)  construction         19,800,000        90%
         of new schools
    (b)  other civil works    20,700,000        90%
(2) Equipment,                11,900,000        100% of foreign
    material,                                   expenditures,
    books                                       100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory cost)
                                                and 80% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                for other
                                                items procured
                                                locally
(3) Vehicles                     200,000        65%
(4) Architectural and          4,200,000        100%
    Engineering Services
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5) Consultants'                 300,000         100%
    services
(6) Local fellowships          3,200,000         100%
    and studies
(7) Local training,            5,500,000         100%
    grants under
    Part B(1) and
    stipends under
    Part D(1)
Page  8
(8) Services of non-           1,200,000         100%
    governmental
    organizations
(9) Incremental staff         38,900,000         90% of local
    salaries, honoraria                          expenditures
    for instructors,                             until March 31,
    operation and                                1995; 80% of
    maintenance costs                            expenditures
                                                 from April 1,
                                                 1995 until
                                                 March 31,
                                                 1998 and 65%
                                                 thereafter
(10)Unallocated               10,600,000
                             ___________
    TOTAL                    116,500,000
                             ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental operation and maintenance costs"
means operation and maintenance costs for the Project incurred on or
after March 31, 1993; and "incremental staff salaries" means
salaries paid in respect of posts, including consulting or
contractual services, created on or after March 31, 1993.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures incurred prior to the date of this Agreement except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 500,000, may be made on account of payments made for expendi-
tures before that date but after March 31, 1993.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The main objective of the Project is to assist Uttar Pradesh
in increasing enrollment in, and completion of, basic education and
to improve its quality. To this end, the Project would also aim to
strengthen institutional capacity in Uttar Pradesh for the planning
and management of basic education. The Project would aim, for
primary and upper primary schools in Project Districts, to reduce
drop out and repetition by 50% relative to baseline estimates, to
reduce the percentage of children not in school by 50% relative to
baseline estimates and to increase learning achievement by 50%
relative to baseline estimates, particularly with reference to
Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and female students; to increase
enrollment in non-formal primary education by at least 150,000
children; and to create at least 450,000 additional primary and
upper primary school places.
      The Project will be carried out in Project Districts and
consists of the following parts, subject to such modifications
thereof as may be agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association from time to time:
Part A:     Building Institutional Capacity
Page  9
(1)   Improving Institutional Structures
      (a)   EFAPB: Institutional strengthening of EFAPB to enable it
to assist Uttar Pradesh to implement the Project as well as
undertake planning and management of the basic education program.
      (b)   SIEMT: Establishment of SIEMT to support basic education
by developing and providing training for State and district level
educational planners and managers, carrying out operations and
policy research, as well as preparing a plan for the extension of
the basic education program throughout the State.
      (c)   DIET: Establishment and strengthening of District
Institutes of Education and Training (DIET) in Project Districts to
serve as the principal professional support agencies for schools and
provide pre-service and in-service teacher training, develop
curriculum and materials and carry out evaluation studies.
      (d)   BRC: Establishment and strengthening of Block Resource
Centers (BRC), each managed by an experienced upper primary school
teacher, to provide facilities for decentralized training and
teacher support activities.
(2)   Improving Information Flows; Research and Planning
      (a)   School mapping and micro-planning: Carrying out school
mapping and micro planning through annual household surveys to be
carried out by VECs and the preparation of village education plans
by VECs.
      (b)   Management information system: Establishment by DBE,
with assistance from EFAPB as well as other expert Indian institu-
tions, of a computerized management information system for the
Project, including computerization of the current manual information
system for school statistics and expenditure data, including the
establishment of monitoring cells by EFAPB at the district level to
assist in collecting school level statistics.
      (c)   Assessment of learning achievement: Developing and
carrying out of a program of systematic assessment of learning
achievement in Project districts as well as strengthening the
capacity of Uttar Pradesh to undertake state-wide surveys of
learning achievement.
      (d)   Research and evaluation studies: Carrying out of a
program of studies on research topics relevant to the Project, to be
coordinated by EFAPB with the assistance of a Policy Research
Advisory Committee.
Part B:     Improving Quality and Completion
(1)   Community Participation: Expansion of the membership of VECs
to increase representation of women as well as members of scheduled
castes and scheduled tribes, enhancement of the responsibilities of
VECs to include supervision of all basic education activities in
villages, including early childhood education and non-formal
education, as well as provision of training for VEC members and
grants for school improvements to selected VECs showing significant
success in achieving Project objectives.
(2)   Improving Readiness to Learn: Establishment of about 1,000
ECCE centers in existing as well as newly constructed primary
schools in about 25 selected blocks in which the Borrower's
Integrated Child Development Services Program (ICDS) is not
operational.
(3)   Improving Teacher and Staff Performance:
      (a)   Training: Training of teachers, other education
officials at the block, district and state levels, members of
community groups such as VECs, women's groups and staff and members
of non-governmental organizations involved in the implementation of
Page  10
the Project, provision of additional training and library facilities
for lead schools to serve clusters of 8-10 schools each, as well as
publication of a teachers' journal by EFAPB.
      (b)   Additional Teachers and Other Personnel: Appointment of
about 1,000 additional teachers in existing rural schools to
maintain appropriate student-teacher ratios, the provision of the
services of cluster resource teachers for each cluster of schools
referred to in Part B(3)(a) above, as well as the provision of Block
Resource Center coordinators.
(4)   Improving Curriculum, Textbooks and Teaching Materials: The
development of simplified teaching and learning materials, in
particular for language and mathematics instruction in Grades 1
through 3, inter alia by developing the full primary curriculum to
minimum levels of learning standards, the development and testing of
new textbooks and supplementary reading materials specific to the
conditions of each Project district; improvement of the quality of
textbook writing, design, layout and printing; and the development
of teacher handbooks.
(5)   Improving School Management: Upgrading of selected teachers to
head teachers and the appointment of new head teachers in all
primary and upper primary schools in Project districts; and training
of head teachers by Teacher Training Institutes (TTIs) and eventual-
ly by DIET including in-service training.
(6)   Rehabilitation of Facilities: Rehabilitation of facilities in
schools including construction of about 1,400 additional classrooms,
toilets for about 10,100 primary and upper primary schools, drinking
water facilities for about 5,250 schools and carrying out minor
repairs in about 3,100 schools.
Part C:     Strengthening Programs for Women's Education
(1)   Increasing the Proportion of Women Teachers: Increasing the
proportion of women teachers in rural schools in Project districts
to about 22% and in upper primary schools to over 50%, by appointing
women to at least 50 per cent of posts created in new and expanded
schools as well as to posts created as a result of turnover.
(2)   Expanding the Mahila Samakhya Program: Expansion of the Mahila
Samakhya program to an additional seven Project districts covering
about 1,400 villages, in a manner consistent with the Borrower's
national program guidelines for that program.
Part D:     Supporting Pilot Projects and Innovations
(1)   Carrying out of pilot programs for the establishment or
strengthening of community libraries in schools, the provision of
targeted stipends for assisting girl students belonging to scheduled
castes and scheduled tribes, the provision of non-formal upper
primary education, and for providing work experience for students of
upper primary schools.
(2)   Carrying out a program of innovative activities, on a pilot
basis, selected in accordance with criteria satisfactory to the
Association, including for improved delivery of education services
to migratory scheduled tribe groups, children in small and isolated
hamlets and children of communities with alternative education
systems, and enhancing involvement of non-governmental organizations
in Project implementation and monitoring.
Part E:     Improving Access
(1)   Expansion of Primary and Upper Primary Schooling:
      (a)   Establishment of schools: Establishment of primary and
upper primary schools (with at least 50 per cent of such upper
primary schools being single-sex girls' schools), to be financed
through and constructed by VECs, in about 2,050 habitations which
satisfy norms for establishment of primary schools but do not have
Page  11
such schools, as well as in about 1,070 habitations which satisfy
norms for establishment of upper primary schools but do not have
such schools, so as to create about 300,000 primary and 150,000
upper primary student places.
      (b)   Grants to VECs: Provision of facility maintenance grants
to VECs for maintenance of schools established pursuant to Part
E(1)(a) above.
(2)   Improving Non-Formal Primary Education: Establishment of about
5,000 non-formal primary education classes to benefit about 265,500
students including provision of instructor training, supervision and
honoraria for instructors.
                            *    *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 2000.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4), (5) (6), (7), (8) and (9) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $6,800,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
Page  12
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
            (i)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
                  determined that all further withdrawals should be
                  made by the Borrower directly from the Credit
                  Account in accordance with the provisions of
                  Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
                  (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
           (ii)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
                  allocated to the eligible Categories less the
                  amount of any outstanding special commitment
                  entered into by the Association pursuant to
                  Section 5.02 of the respective General Conditions
                  with respect to the Project, shall equal the
                  equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
                  Allocation.
      (b)   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; and (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account, for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement.
Page  13
