Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2743 GH
                        Development Credit Agreement
             (Mining Sector Development and Environment Project)
                                   between
                              REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                     and
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                             Dated July 25, 1995
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2743 GH
                        DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated  July 25, 1995, between REPUBLIC OF
GHANA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
May 3, 1995, from the Borrower describing a program of
objectives and policies designed to strengthen the capacity
of its mining institutions and to develop techniques to
improve the productivity and environmental impact of small-
scale mining (hereinafter called the Program) and declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
and
      (B) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist
in the financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                                  ARTICLE I
                       General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modification thereto set forth
below (the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)           The second sentence of Section 5.01 is
modified to read:
            "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
            otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made:  (a)
            on account of expenditures in the territories of
            any country which is not a member of the Bank or
            for goods produced in, or services supplied from,
            such territories; or (b) for the purpose of any
            payment to persons or entities, or for any import
            of goods, if such payment or import, to the
            knowledge of the Association, is prohibited by a
            decision of the United Nations Security Council
            taken under Chapter VII of the Charter of the
            United Nations."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth and the following additional terms have the
following meanings:
      (a)   "Cedis" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (b)   "Environmental Protection Agency" means the
Borrower's Environmental Protection Agency, established
pursuant to The Environmental Protection Agency Act, 1994 (Act
490);
      (c)   "Geological Survey Department" means the Geological
Survey Department within MEM;
      (d)   "Minerals Commission" means the Borrower's Minerals
Commission, established pursuant to The Minerals Commission
Act, 1993 (Act 450);
      (e)   "MEM" means the Borrower's Ministry of Energy and
Mines;
      (f)   "Mines Department" means the Mines Department
within MEM;
      (g)   "Project Implementation Manual" means the Project
Implementation Manual, dated May 1, 1995, adopted by the
Borrower and describing, inter alia, the arrangements and
procedures for implementing the Project, with such changes
thereto as may be agreed upon from time to time by the
Borrower and the Association; and
      (h)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE II
                                 The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Page  3
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to seven million nine hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b) The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment.  Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
2000 or such later date as the Association shall establish.
The Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such
later date.
      Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b) The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the
date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual
date) to the respective dates on which amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or
cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30
immediately preceding the accrual date or at such other rates
as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to
paragraph (a) above.  The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c) The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02
of the General Conditions or in such other eligible currency
or currencies as may from time to time be designated or
selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in
each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the
Credit in semiannual installments payable on each January 15
and July 15, commencing July 15, 2005, and ending January 15,
2035. Each installment to and including the installment
payable on January 15, 2015 shall be one percent (1%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b) Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
Page  4
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts
of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time,
provided that, in the judgment of the Association, such
revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c) If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02
of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE III
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A and
C of the Project through the Minerals Commission, and shall
carry out Part B of the Project through MEM, all with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, engineering and mining practices, and with due
regard to ecological and environmental factors, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
carry out the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03.  Without limitation upon any of its
obligations under Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall:
      (a)   open and maintain in a commercial bank, a mining
sector development and environment project account, to be
managed by the Minerals Commission under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, to be used exclusively for
the purposes of meeting expenditures under the Project which
are not to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit;
      (b)   prepare, not later than October 31 of each year, a
budget for the succeeding fiscal year, satisfactory to the
Page  5
Association, specifying by quarter the Borrower's contribution
to the financing of the Project; and
      (c)   deposit into said account promptly before each
fiscal quarter starting after the Effective Date, the
Borrower's contribution to the financing of the Project
required for such ensuing quarter.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall, and shall cause
the Minerals Commission to, carry out, jointly with the
Association, not earlier than April 1, 1997 and not later than
June 30, 1997, a midterm review of the progress made in
carrying out the Project and the Program. This review shall
cover, among other things: (i) results of testing conducted on
mining equipment under Part C.1 of the Project and the results
of the related environmental impact assessment referred to in
paragraph 4(e) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; (ii) the
performance of consultants; (iii) the development of standards
and guidelines to ensure environmentally sound small-scale
mining practices; (iv) the results of the land reclamation
pilot program carried out under Part C.6 of the Project; (v)
progress in liberalizing the market for precious minerals;
(vi) progress in developing reforms to the regulatory
framework governing the minerals sector; (vii) progress on
improving the marketing environment for small-scale miners;
and (viii) the status of Project monitoring indicators agreed
upon with the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association, at
least 60 days prior to the midterm review described in
paragraph (a) above, a report, in scope and detail
satisfactory to the Association, describing the status of the
items listed in such paragraph and of Project and Program
implementation generally.
      (c)   Based on such midterm review, the Borrower shall
promptly prepare an action plan, acceptable to the
Association, which plan shall: (i) deal with any deficiencies
in Project and Program implementation identified during the
review, and (ii) set forth the parameters for the second phase
of the equipment testing program under Part C.1 of the
Project, as referred to in paragraph 4(c) of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.  The Borrower shall thereafter implement such
action plan.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later
than six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date
as may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
      (b) afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c) thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause
to be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
Page  6
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b) The Borrower shall:
            (i)     have the records and accounts referred to in
                    paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                    for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                    audited, in accordance with appropriate
                    auditing principles consistently applied, by
                    independent auditors acceptable to the
                    Association;
            (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                    available, but in any case not later than six
                    months after the end of each such year, a
                    certified copy of the report of such audit by
                    said auditors, of such scope and in such
                    detail as the Association shall have
                    reasonably requested; and
            (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                    information concerning said records, accounts
                    and the audit thereof as the Association
                    shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)     maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                    accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                    Section, records and accounts reflecting such
                    expenditures;
            (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                    Association has received the audit report for
                    the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                    from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                    Special Account was made, all records
                    (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                    and other documents) evidencing such
                    expenditures;
            (iii)   enable the Association's representatives
                    to examine such records; and
            (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                    included in the annual audit referred to in
                    paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                    report of such audit contains a separate
                    opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                    statements of expenditure submitted during
                    such fiscal year, together with the
                    procedures and internal controls involved in
                    their preparation, can be relied upon to
                    support the related withdrawals.
                                  ARTICLE V
                         Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof,
will be carried out;
      (b)   The Minerals Commission Act, 1993 (Act 450) shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
Page  7
as to affect materially and adversely the ability of the
Minerals Commission to implement the Project; and
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution
or disestablishment of the Minerals Commission or for the
suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely that any event specified in paragraph (b) or
(c) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                         Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of
the General Conditions, namely that the Borrower has
established the project account referred to in Section 3.03 of
this Agreement, and has deposited therein an amount in Cedis
equivalent to $30,000.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date
of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VII
                 Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes
of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                    ECONOMICON              2205 MIFAEP GH
                    Accra
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                    INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                    Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have caused
this Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
Page  8
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                    REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                    By    /s/   Ekwow Spio-Garbrah
                                                  Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    By    /s/   Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                    Africa
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                  Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
      1. The table below sets forth the Categories of items to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation
of the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the
percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed in each
Category:
                              Amount of the
                                 Credit              % of
                                Allocated        Expenditures
                              (Expressed in          to be
      Category               SDR Equivalent)       Financed
(1)   Civil Works and             1,850,000      80%
      Equipment Testing
(2)   Equipment and               1,400,000      100% of foreign
      Supplies                                   expenditures and
                                                 90% of local
                                                 expenditures
(3)   Geophysical Aerial            640,000      100% of foreign
      Survey                                     expenditures and
                                                 90% of local
                                                 expenditures
(4)   Consultants'                2,800,000      100%
      Services and
      Training
(5)   Unallocated                 1,210,000
      TOTAL                       7,900,000
2. For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a) the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures
in the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower
for goods or services supplied from the territory of any
country other than that of the Borrower; and
      (b) the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower.
Page  9
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods, works and services provided by
firms under contracts not exceeding $100,000 equivalent and
for services provided by individuals under contracts not
exceeding $50,000 equivalent, under such terms and conditions
as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                 SCHEDULE 2
                         Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to enhance the
capacity of the Borrower's mining sector institutions to
encourage and regulate investments in the mining sector in an
environmentally sound manner; and (b) to support the use of
techniques and mechanisms to improve the productivity and
financial viability, and reduce the environmental impact, of
small-scale mining operations.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:  Minerals Commission and Sector Management
1.    Strengthening the monitoring and regulation of mining
activities through, inter alia:  (a) an assessment of the
sector's institutional and operational arrangements so as to
develop a program to improve their efficiency, (b) a review of
the adequacy of monitoring and enforcement practices regarding
environmental, health and safety standards, and (c)
preparation of guidelines for implementing sectoral and
environmental regulations.
2.    Increasing the effectiveness of the Minerals
Commission's promotional activities to attract investors
through, inter alia, the design and preparation of promotional
materials and activities.
3.    Increasing the information base regarding minerals
through the establishment of a comprehensive minerals
information system consisting of a concession cadastral
system, a minerals information database, a geological
information database, and a mining environmental information
system.
4.    Preparation of a pollution abatement strategy for ground
and surface water systems for the Tarkwa, Prestea and Dunkwa
areas to remedy environmental degradation caused by mining
operations.
5.    Assessment of the curricula of universities and
technical colleges to develop a program to introduce modern
minerals exploration technologies and processing techniques.
Part B:     MEM
1.    Strengthening the capacity of the Mines Department: (a)
to carry out inspection, monitoring and enforcement of
sectoral and environmental regulations, (b) to provide assay
services and technical extension support to small-scale
miners, and (c) to provide extension services to sensitize
small-scale miners regarding safety, health and environmental
issues, through, inter alia, the provision of technical
advisory services, equipment and training.
2.    Strengthening the institutional capacity and information
Page  10
base of the Geological Survey Department to identify priority
mining areas and to compile and analyze geological data
through, inter alia, the execution of an aerial survey program
and training.
3.    Strengthening the capacity of MEM to develop mining
sector policies and manage related sectoral activities,
through, inter alia, the acquisition of office and
communication equipment and the provision of technical
advisory services.
Part C:     Small-Scale Mining
1.    Improving the productivity of small-scale miners through
a phased pilot testing program for small-scale mining
equipment, and the development and dissemination to small-
scale miners of environmentally sound processing technologies.
2.    Increasing the availability of geological information to
small-scale miners through the establishment by the Minerals
Commission, in coordination with the Geological Survey
Department, of a program to disseminate such information to
such miners.
3.    Improving the information base regarding small-scale
mining concessions and related information through the
execution by the Minerals Commission of a survey of
prospective small-scale mining concession areas and the
preparation of a cadastral map for small-scale mining
activities.
4.    Improving the Borrower's ability to regulate and support
small-scale mining through the carrying out of (a) a review of
the regulatory framework governing small-scale mining
activities, including environmental, health and safety
regulations, (b) a study regarding marketing conditions
affecting such miners and measures to improve the
commercialization of precious minerals, and (c) a study
regarding financing options for small-scale mining.
5.    Strengthening the capacity of small-scale miners through
(a) training in financial and business management, (b)
training regarding the use of improved technologies and
equipment, and (c) support for the creation of an advisory
board to MEM representing small-scale miners.
6.    Improving the environmental condition of mined land
through the implementation of a pilot land reclamation and
rehabilitation program covering about 500 acres of mined-out
land.
                                    * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
2000.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                    Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     General
      Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Page  11
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
      (b)   Grouping of contracts
      To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent
or more each.
      (c)   Goods shall be exempted from preshipment price
inspection by a third party inspection firm.
      (d)   Preference for domestically manufactured goods
      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Limited International Bidding
      Goods estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $1,100,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate,
and goods which the Association agrees can only be purchased
from a limited number of suppliers, regardless of the cost
thereof, may be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of paragraph 3.2 of the Guidelines.
2.    National Competitive Bidding
      Works estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $3,400,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate,
may be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
3.    International Shopping
      Goods estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $300,000
equivalent or less in the aggregate, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of international shopping
procedures in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5
and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify
for bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement
plan for the Project shall be furnished to the Association for
its review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of
all goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with
such procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract for goods or works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  12
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph
2 of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-
based assignments, such contracts shall be based on the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by
the Bank, with such modifications thereto as shall have been
agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, other standard forms
acceptable to the Association shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost
less than $50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to
prior Association review shall not apply to (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent
or above.
                                 SCHEDULE 4
                           Implementation Program
1     The Borrower shall:
      (a) implement and cause the Minerals Commission to
implement the Project in accordance with the procedures set
out in the Project Implementation Manual;
      (b) ensure overall coordination of the Project by the
Minerals Commission, supported by MEM, the Mines Department,
the Geological Survey Department, and the Environmental
Protection Agency;
      (c) ensure that the Minerals Commission maintains for
purposes of managing Project implementation a project
coordinator, supported by a technical officer and an
accountant, each under terms of reference and with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association;
      (d) ensure that the Minerals Commission, MEM, the Mines
Department and the Geological Survey Department prepare, not
later than December 31 of each year (beginning with 1996), a
work-program (covering, inter alia, training) for the
succeeding year which shall take into account the results of
the previous year; and
      (e) cause the Minerals Commission to furnish to the
Association before each fiscal quarter starting after the
Effective Date, progress reports on implementation of the
Project, in scope and detail satisfactory to the Association.
Page  13
1     The Borrower shall continue to ensure that the Minerals
Commission and the Environmental Protection Agency coordinate
their environmental inspection and monitoring and enforcement
activities regarding mining activities under operational
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2     The Borrower shall, in carrying out Part A.1(a) of the
Project:
      (a) cause the Minerals Commission to prepare, and
provide to the Association for discussion not later than
December 31, 1996, a draft report, in scope and detail
satisfactory to the Association, regarding recommendations for
enhancing the effectiveness of sectoral institutions,
including an evaluation of enforcement mechanisms and the
viability and potential effectiveness of performance bonds;
      (b) adopt, not later than March 31, 1997, through MEM
and the Minerals Commission, a final report which takes into
account the comments of the Association;
      (c) on the basis of such report, prepare, not later than
June 30, 1997, an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, for strengthening the effectiveness of sectoral
institutions; and
      (d) thereafter implement such action plan in a timely
manner.
1.     In carrying out Part C.1 of the Project, the Borrower
shall cause the Minerals Commission to conduct the pilot
equipment testing program in two phases as follows:
      (a) the first phase shall be completed within eighteen
months following the Effective Date;
      (b) as part of the first phase, the Minerals Commission
shall test small-scale mining equipment meeting eligibility
criteria satisfactory to the Association, and testing shall be
carried out by three teams operating under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association;
      (c) the second phase shall be conducted following the
midterm review referred to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement
and under terms of reference satisfactory to the Association
designed to take into account the results of the first phase
(as evaluated during such midterm review) and the conclusions
of the environmental impact assessment referred to in
subparagraph (e) below;
      (d) the second phase shall: (i) include expanded field
testing of equipment meeting eligibility criteria satisfactory
to the Association, (ii) address processing procedures in an
operational setting, (iii) include the placing of assay
equipment at the Minerals Commission's seven small-scale
mining outreach offices, and (iv) include pilot programs to
increase access of small-scale miners to improved technologies
and equipment; and
      (e) the Minerals Commission shall following the first
phase conduct an environmental impact assessment, under terms
of reference satisfactory to the Association, to be completed
prior to the midterm review referred to in Section 3.04 of
this Agreement.
1.    In carrying out Part C.2 of the Project, the Geological
Survey Department shall implement an information program for
small-scale miners under operational procedures satisfactory
to the Association, which shall provide, inter alia, for (a)
cost recovery for concession mapping services, and (b) the
establishment of a task force to review surveying activities
which shall include representatives from such Department, the
Page  14
Mines Department and the Minerals Commission.
2.    The Borrower shall, on the basis of the study referred
to in Part C.4(a) of the Project:
      (a) cause the Minerals Commission to prepare, and
provide to the Association for discussion not later than
December 31, 1996, a draft report, in scope and detail
satisfactory to the Association, regarding recommendations for
modifying the regulatory framework governing mining
activities, including the relevant environmental, health and
safety regulations;
      (b) adopt, not later than March 31, 1997, through MEM
and the Minerals Commission, a final report which takes into
account the comments of the Association;
      (c) on the basis of such report and the midterm review
referred to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement, prepare, not
later than June 30, 1997, an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, for modifying such regulatory framework; and
      (d) thereafter implement such action plan in a timely
manner.
1.    The Borrower shall, on the basis of the study referred
to in Part C.4(b) of the Project:
      (a) cause the Minerals Commission to prepare, and
provide to the Association for discussion not later than
December 31, 1996, a draft report, in scope and detail
satisfactory to the Association, regarding recommendations for
liberalizing the market for precious metals;
      (b) adopt, not later than March 31, 1997, through MEM
and the Minerals Commission, a final report which takes into
account the comments of the Association;
      (c) on the basis of such report, prepare, not later than
June 30, 1997, an action plan, satisfactory to the
Association, to liberalize such market; and
      (d) thereafter implement such action plan in a timely
manner.
2.    In carrying out Part C.5(c) of the Project, MEM shall
establish the advisory board referred to therein not later
than June 30, 1996, whose membership shall include small-scale
miners, for the purpose of advising the Borrower on the
development of policies affecting small-scale mining
activities.
3.    In carrying out Part C.6 of the Project, the Borrower
shall cause the reclamation activities to implemented under
guidelines satisfactory to the Association, which shall
provide for (a) extensive community participation, and (b)
coordination among the Minerals Commission, the Environmental
Protection Agency, and the Borrower's Ministry of Food and
Agriculture and Ministry of Land and Forestry.
                                 SCHEDULE 5
                               Special Account
      1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a) the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
      (b) the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
Page  15
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the
eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c) the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $300,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3
(a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $150,000 until the
aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account plus
the total amount of all outstanding special commitments
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of
the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of $3,000,000.
      2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
      3. After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall
be made as follows:
      (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of
such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of
the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in
the Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower
shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)     For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                    Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                    requests for deposits into the Special
                    Account at such intervals as the Association
                    shall specify.
            (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                    the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                    the documents and other evidence required
                    pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                    the payment or payments in respect of which
                    replenishment is requested.  On the basis of
                    each such request, the Association shall, on
                    behalf of the Borrower,  withdraw from the
                    Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                    Account such amount as the Borrower shall
                    have requested and as shall have been shown
                    by said documents and other evidence to have
                    been paid out of the Special Account for
                    eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall
have been justified by said documents and other evidence.
      4. For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing that
such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
      5. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
      (a) if, at any time, the Association shall have
Page  16
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b) if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts
for the Special Account;
      (c) if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice
the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
      6. (a) If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made
for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified.  Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b) If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d) Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or
for cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of
this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
