           International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                    International Development Association
                                                                          86749
                       International Finance Corporation
                  Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                          FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                          CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                              EDS99-15
                                                                        January 21, 1999


Board Meeting of January 21, 1998
Statement by Jan Piercy
                 Pakistan:   CAS Progress Report and SAL
1.   Late last year, the U.S. signaled that, in response to Pakistan’s
financial emergency, we would be prepared to support the resumption of
World Bank Group assistance to Pakistan in support of a credible IMF
program.   My counterpart in the Fund Board recently determined that
the package assembled by the Fund fell short of our expectations for a
program of “exceptional strength,” and the U.S. therefore abstained on
the Fund’s proposal for EFF/ESAF/CCFF.     The U.S. position in that
forum informs our own in terms of the Bank’s participation in the
package.
2.   In authorizing the Bank to contribute to the Pakistan package put
together by the Fund, we implicitly recognized that Pakistan qualifies
for the High Base Case that is set out in the CAS (i.e., adjustment
lending is a possibility under the High Base Case and High Case
scenarios).    Pakistan has indeed made some significant reforms over
the past year. There can be no dispute that the authorities’ economic
management and attitude towards policy reform (including anti-
corruption) is a quantum leap forward.    While much more needs to be
done, we agree with management that the authorities willingness to
more aggressively pursue bank loan defaulters and WAPDA theft/loss
recovery is a positive indicator of the overall commitment to reform.
We encourage Pakistan to sustain these valuable efforts, which we
realize are not easy to implement.

3.   Nonetheless, we believe that Pakistan has yet to demonstrate the
kind of performance that would convince us that the direction of
reform is irreversible.    Similarly, Pakistan has yet to inspire the
degree of confidence required to justify a large amount of adjustment
lending, in particular with single tranche up front disbursement.
There are any number of indicators to illustrate that Pakistan has yet
to develop a credible track record on economic reform, such as:

°   Fiscal performance (including repeatedly missed targets for revenue
    collection;

°   The proliferation of off-budget     liabilities    and   white    elephant
    infrastructure projects);

°   Slow progress on privatization     and   in   developing   an    effective
    agricultural income tax; and
                                   2



°   The appalling management of the IPP issue (only recently improving)
    and the sudden announcement of energy tariff reductions.
4.   Moreover, we are disappointed at the insufficient focus on
poverty alleviation in the Policy Framework Paper, and consequently in
the budget. Progress has been relatively weak in prioritizing funding
under the SAP, which has prevented the disbursement of readily
available donor resources.    In this context, I would like to draw
particular attention to the need for increased primary education and
the link with the abolition of harmful child labor.       According to
official estimates, approximately 3.3 million children between the
ages of five and fourteen in Pakistan (roughly eight percent of this
population) work. This is related in part to the absence of national
legislation on compulsory education, and in part to Pakistan’s very
low level of expenditure on education (just 8% of total government
expenditures). In this light, the Bank has an important role to play
in supporting efforts on the part of the Pakistani authorities to give
greater priority to primary education, and to shift expenditures from
non-development categories to this vital area. Many of these efforts
can be effectively addressed through the Bank’s SAP II.
5.   In sum, while we are prepared to consent to some fast-disbursing
assistance under the High Base Case, we believe the justification for
that lending scenario is quite tenuous.        In that context, and
considering that the High Base Case provides for a yearly total of
$400-$450 million in IBRD funding, we are deeply concerned with
management’s proposal to go above that level -- $550 million -- in the
remaining months of the fiscal year, all in fast-disbursing
assistance.
6.   Our concerns are accentuated over the proposed SAL, which
provides the majority of the Bank’s annual lending in a single tranche
loan before important targets set out in the Fund program have been
met. Although we agree that the Bank can help to finance Pakistan’s
balance of payments in conjunction with the Fund, in our view the size
and timing of the loan have been driven too much by the Fund’s initial
projections of short-term liquidity requirements.    Unfortunately, we
have yet to be persuaded that the SAL truly addresses the ambitious
reform benchmarks in the key structural areas on which the Bank is
working.
7.   We are aware that Pakistan stands on a razor’s edge with regard
to its external obligations. However, after careful consideration of
Pakistan’s financing sources and needs, we conclude that a Bank
disbursement of the full $350 million in January is not required.
Certainly, the speedy build up of reserves that would be supported by
the SAL in its current form has important advantages for restoring
private sector confidence. But we rather believe that private sector
confidence will follow more from continued implementation of the
reform program than from an additional $200 million deposit to in the
State Bank of Pakistan.    Considered against the comparative weakness
in the program, and the considerable risk to continued implementation
(e.g., resolving IPP problems in an orderly and commercially based
manner), we would strongly prefer that part of the SAL disbursement be
phased later in the fiscal year, perhaps in line with subsequent IMF
program reviews.
                                   3


8.   I would like to express strong support for the Bank’s efforts to
clean up its portfolio in Pakistan, and to commend staff and the
authorities for their increased attention to ensuring quality at entry
and strong performance under loan covenants to facilitate timely
disbursements.   We support, in principle, the objectives set forward
for lending in the banking and power sectors and look forward to more
detailed analysis.   There recently has been some admirable advisory
work on civil service reform and public expenditure that we strongly
urge be internalized in the government’s programs. The next full CAS
should be preceded by a Country Procurement Assessment Report and a
Country   Financial   Accountability  Assessment   to   provide   sound
information with which to identify risks identified in the program.
9.   I conclude with our very strong best wishes to the Pakistani
authorities for continued commitment and achievement in the ambitious
reforms on which they have embarked, and on which Pakistan’s social as
well      as      economic      prospects      critically      depend.
