         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                  International Development Association
                                                                     86747
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                       EDS99-12
                                                                 January 20, 1999


Board Meeting of January 21, 1999
Statement by Valeriano F. García


    Pakistan: Structural Adjustment Loan and CAS – Progress Report

This chair supports the Structural Adjustment Loan to Pakistan
believing in the government’s commitment to implement meaningful
structural reforms in the future.     This is of crucial importance
because of the rather weak structural changes achieved so far and the
slow pace of reform.
Macroeconomic stability: Fiscal discipline cum monetary and exchange
rate policy
We think that fiscal discipline is the cornerstone to achieve
macroeconomic stability. Although Pakistan’s authorities have done
some improvements on this matter, they have to go much further in
order to consolidate the fiscal reform and make possible a sustainable
fiscal position to face their increasing debt and debt service burden.
In order to complete the fiscal reform, Pakistan should eliminate all
remaining subsidies and tax exoneration.         Furthermore, fiscal
discipline is necessary but not sufficient to achieve macroeconomic
stability, a consistent monetary policy and a credible exchange rate
regime are also very important, and Pakistan has to make significant
progress on both fronts.

In our view, Pakistan should eliminate all exchange rate restrictions.
It should also privatize and strengthen its banking sector, imposing
high reserve and capital requirements, strict prudential regulations
along with independent supervisory and enforcing authorities.       It
should also, at that moment, remove all limitations in the capital
account.   Moreover, the rules for the domestic and foreign investors
should be predictable, transparent and submitted to independent legal
interpretation and swift enforcement.

Privatization Process
Other issue that is worrisome is the timing and the slow pace in
implementing the privatization of SOEs, especially in the banking and
the power areas.   The best way to reduce fiscal burdens and attract
private capitals into a weak economy is the privatization of public
enterprises in the context of a strong regulatory framework. In this
regard, Pakistan could profit from the wealth of world experience and,
in particular, from those of Argentina, Chile, Peru and the UK.     We
                                  2


encourage the authorities to accelerate this process because it would
be of great help for Pakistan’s economic development and consequently
to reduce its level of poverty.

Debt Interest Burden and the External financing Requirements
Pakistan’s total debt ratio to GDP is not alarmingly high but still
its debt interest payments are huge if we compare them with the
treasury’s (current) revenues: approximately 38%. In this respect, we
hope Pakistan will reach a deal with bilateral and commercial
creditors in the Paris and London Clubs. We strongly believe that a
lasting solution for debt sustainability has to rely on a stronger
fiscal position.      This would not only contribute to a better
macroeconomic   environment,  but   it  would   reduce  the  country’s
vulnerability to external shocks.
The future
The support of MDB and the IMF is vital to help Pakistan to implement
the economic reforms. However this support has to be interpreted like
a first impulse. Private sector flows should be more important. They
will arrive to Pakistan only if investors see a serious attempt to
structural reform.
So far, despite this significant WB loan, the pace of structural
reform has been slow and weak.     In this respect, we are very much
concerned with the fact that WB staff still projects a fiscal deficit
of about 4% of GDP for the period 1999-01. We hope these projections
will prove wrong. If Pakistan is not capable to significantly improve
its fiscal accounts it will fail to stabilize its economy and, in this
case, other structural reform would falter. Furthermore, the current
front-loaded US$ 350 million loan would have been added to the
liabilities of the people of Pakistan and little would have been added
to                             its                             assets.
