Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2573 IN
                   Development Credit Agreement
                 (Andhra Pradesh Forestry Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated March 9, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2573 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 9, 1994, between INDIA, acting by its
President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
November 27, 1993 from the State of Andhra Pradesh (Andhra Pradesh)
attaching sector reforms that constitute the framework for improving
forest development in Andhra Pradesh including policy, institutional
and technical reforms (hereinafter called the Forestry Sector Reform
Program), and declaring Andhra Pradesh's Commitment to carry out
such Forestry Sector Reform Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (C)   the Project will be carried out by the State of Andhra
Pradesh (Andhra Pradesh) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part
of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to Andhra
Pradesh the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
Page  2
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and Andhra
Pradesh;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Andhra Pradesh" means State of Andhra Pradesh, a State
of the Borrower, or any successor thereto;
      (c)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Andhra Pradesh of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (d)   "NGO" means non-governmental organization;
      (e)   "Rs" means Rupees in the currency of the Borrower;
      (f)   "ha"  means hectares;
      (g)   "FD" means the Forest Department of Andhra Pradesh;
      (h)   "FDC" means the Forest Development Corporation of Andhra
Pradesh; and
      (i)   "DSW" means the Department of Social Welfare of Andhra
Pradesh.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifty five million six hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 55,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 2000 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
Page  3
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1 commencing
July 1, 2004 and ending January 1, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on January 1, 2014 shall be one
and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
Page  4
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objective of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause Andhra Pradesh to perform in accordance with
the provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of
Andhra Pradesh therein set forth, shall take and cause to be taken
all action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable Andhra
Pradesh to perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to
be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to Andhra Pradesh in accordance with the Borrower's
standard arrangements for developmental assistance to the States of
India.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project shall be carried out by Andhra Pradesh pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. Without any limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
provide, or cause to be provided, to Andhra Pradesh or its relevant
departments or agencies in a prompt and efficient manner all
clearances and approvals as may be required or necessary for the
purpose of enabling Andhra Pradesh or its relevant departments or
agencies to implement the activities under the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
Page  5
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Andhra Pradesh shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   An event has occurred which shall make it improbable
that the Forestry Sector Reform Program or a significant part
thereof will be carried out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that any event specified in Section 5.01 (a) of this Agreement shall
occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days after notice
thereof shall have been given by the Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely that consultants shall have been appointed in
accordance with the procedures referred to in Section II of Schedule
1 to the Project Agreement for:
            (i)   preparation of the institutional development
                  study under Part C.2 (i) of the Project; and
           (ii)   developing the management information system and
                  the geographical information system under Parts
                  C.2 (iii) and (iv), respectively, of the Project.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by Andhra Pradesh, and is legally
binding upon Andhra Pradesh in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
Page  6
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of the
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Department of Economic Affairs
            Ministry of Finance
            New Delhi, PIN 110001
            India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INDIA
                  By /s/ N. Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
Page  7
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Plantation costs:                           90%
    (a)  for Part A.2          7,600,000
         (ii) (b) of
         the Project
    (b)  for other            24,500,000
         Parts of the
         Project
(2) Civil works                7,300,000        85%
(3) Goods                      7,200,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures,
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 80%
                                                of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(4) Consultants'               3,900,000        100%
    services and
    training (including
    NGOs' services)
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  Incremental               1,200,000        60% until
     operating costs                            March 31,
                                                1996, 50% until
                                                March 31, 1998,
                                                and 40% thereafter
(6)  Unallocated               3,900,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                55,600,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "plantation costs" means the aggregate total
of: (i) costs of nurseries, land preparation, including labor,
inputs for tree plantations, maintenance and protection; and (ii)
direct supervision costs related thereto not exceeding 7% of the
total costs under (i) above; and
      (d)   the term "incremental operating costs" means the
incremental costs for salaries and allowances of additional staff of
FD engaged on a full time basis in the implementation of the
Project, and for operation and maintenance of additional offices and
Page  8
vehicles incurred by Andhra Pradesh for the purpose of implementing
the Project.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made:
            (i)    in respect of payments made for expenditures
                   prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
                   withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
                   exceed SDR 1,440,000, may be made on account of
                   payments made for expenditures before that date
                   but after March 31, 1993; and
           (ii)    under Category (1) (a) until land shall have
                   been made available to FDC as specified in
                   paragraph 13 of Schedule 2 to the Project
                   Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures under contracts for goods, works and services not
exceeding $200,000 equivalent, under such terms and conditions as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist in increasing forest
productivity and quality, protecting the environment and strengthen-
ing and streamlining the policies of the forestry sector in Andhra
Pradesh.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objective:
Part A:     Forest Management
      Rehabilitation and regeneration development on about 355,000
ha, consisting of:
1.    Joint Forest Management of Forest Lands
      Development of about 173,000 ha of degraded forest lands under
joint forest management arrangements between villagers and FD, of
which (i) about 152,000 ha would be developed through regeneration
and protection of degraded areas with viable rootstock, and (ii)
about 21,000 ha would be developed through multi-tier treatment of
larger severely degraded forest areas.
2.    Production Forestry on Forest Lands
      Regeneration development on about 104,000 ha, consisting of:
            (i)    regeneration of bamboo bearing forests in about
                   59,000 ha;
           (ii)    new plantations on heavily degraded forest
                   reserve lands of about 30,000 ha, including:
                   (a) about 12,500 ha of plantations by FD, and
                   (b) 17,500 ha of high-yield plantations by FDC;
                   and
          (iii)    provision of silvicultural operations to
                   rehabilitate about 15,000 ha of viable teak
                   plantations.
3.   Forestry Development of Lands Outside Designated Forests
      Expanding community and farm forest coverage through deve-
lopment of about 77,000 ha, including about 34,500 ha for small-
Page  9
holders, 12,500 ha of community lands, and about 30,000 ha of
private wastelands.
Part B:     Special Action Program
1.    Improvement of forestry research and plant propagation through
the provision of office and research laboratories, seed processing
and nurseries, research and seed handling equipment, vehicles,
library, training and consultants' services.
2.    Supporting the joint forest management process through the
provision of training, study tours, research, community
infrastructure and NGOs' services.
3.    Improvement of biodiversity conservation and protected areas
management through the provision of: (i) studies, boundary
demarcation, fire protection, upgrading of roads, habitat
improvement, captive breeding programs and eco-development in and
around selected parks and sanctuaries; and (ii) buildings,
equipment, vehicles and training and consultants' services.
4.    Provision of collaborative fodder program between FD and the
Department of Animal Husbandry and other relevant organizations,
through the provision of research, training, consultants' services,
vehicles and equipment.
5.    Carrying out a tribal development plan to ensure and enhance
positive effects of the Project activities on tribal groups, and to
complement existing programs in Andhra Pradesh that are aimed at
improving development in tribal areas.
Part C:     Service Support
1.    Provision of housing, office buildings, vehicles, equipment,
training and consultants' services to FD and FDC.
2.    Carrying out the following studies and technical services:
            (i)    institutional development study;
           (ii)    forest inventory;
          (iii)    management information system; and
           (iv)    geographical information system.
                            *    *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 2000.
                           SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4) and (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $4,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
Page  10
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
Page  11
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
