Report No. PID10792
Project Name             Pakistan-Banking Sector Technical (@)
Assistance
Region                   South Asia Regional Office
Sector                   Financial Sector Development
Project ID               PKPE74797
Borrower(s)              ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
Implementing Agency
Address STATE BANK OF PAKISTAN
Address: Central Directorate, I.I.
Chundrigar Road, Karachi
Contact Person: Kazi Abdul Muktadir
Tel: 21-9217212
Fax: 21-9217222
Email: kazi.abdulmuktadir@sbp.org.pk
Environment Category     C
Date PID Prepared        May 8, 2002
Auth Appr/Negs Date      November 21, 2001
Bank Approval Date       June 11, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
The Government in the mid 1990's undertook the first wave of reforms to
address vast governance problems of the financial sector, particularly in
the state owned banking and development finance institutions (DFIs). This
was done with objective of replacing the present system with one that is
largely in private hands and one which operates in a strong regulatory
environment. Since then, the Government has been pursuing reforms in the
financial sector with the support of the Bank and other donors. As a part
of these reforms, parallel initiatives were taken to make the State Bank
more independent and build its regulatory and supervisory capacity. Recent
Initiatives for Change/Improvements:The Technical assistance provided to
SBP under FSDIP in the last six years has been responsible for bringing
about a considerable change at SBP. More importantly it has initiated a
process of institution building hitherto ignored. A significant part of
FSDIP project was accomplished through a long- term consultancy provided
by Arthur Andersen. The project assisted SBP in: improving its management
structure; strengthening banking supervision through development and
adoption of modern bank examination techniques and training of existing
and new qualified staff in this area; introducing computer technology and
preparing an Information System Strategy Plan (ISSP) for automation of SBP
headquarters, regional and branch offices, and establishing linkages with
the banking sector; and building general staff capacity through training.
The support has brought about radical changes in supervisory methodology
and a significant change in the quality of supervision. The process is now
institutionalized and supervision are carried out based on internationally
recognized CAMELS framework for evaluation of risks inherent in banking
activities. It involves conducting continuous off-site monitoring to
identify those institutions which reflect high probability of financial
difficulty for early detection leading to timely corrective actions. Now,



the State Bank's on-site inspection reports are far more specific and
focused and facilitate specific and targeted remedial actions.
Institutions given adverse ratings are required to submit time bound
action plans. Recent action on Indus and Prudential banks is an example of
the bank's new enforcement policy. The qualitative improvements in the
bank's inspections were confirmed in the feedback received from the
banking sector. This was reported in the Bank's financial sector update of
May 2000. IMF - report of Monetary and Exchange Affairs Department, April
2001, also validated improvements in SBP's operations and governance
related to autonomy, foreign exchange and monetary management, and
compliance with International Accounting Standards.Human Resource
Development Initiatives:Although the State Bank has improved considerably,
it is still a long way from becoming a modern and an effective central
bank. With a change in the management in January 2000, SBP initiated the
second wave of reforms. These included:(i) Cabinet's approval of an
ordinance to divide the State Bank's set-up into two - the core central
bank with 1,200 professionals focusing on the monetary policy, supervision
and regulation of the financial sector, foreign exchange management and
payments system and, an independent subsidiary, the Banking Services
Corporation (BSC). The BSC consists of 6,500 staff, and is responsible for
retail and treasury functions at the 16 branch offices. Headed by a
separate Managing Director, BSC has relieved the Governor and the senior
management to focus on core functions, (ii) intiatives to improve the
skill base of SBP personnel by further training and skill enhancement, for
those uninterested or beyond training the early retirement scheme was
offered twice. The first scheme for staff of 25+ years service, achieved a
take up of 338. The second for lower level employees with 20+ years
service achieved further reduction in staff by 490. All subsequent
vacancies in the non-clerical and clerical positions were abolished
(reducing the ratio between support and professional staff) and the
anticipated substitution of quality among the professionals,(iii) SBP
tapped the private sector and inducted more then 35 staff directly from
the market at senior and middle management levels including: an Economic
Adviser, an IT Project Manager, Chief Treasury Dealer, Director Exchange
Policy, Director Accounts, and Director Audit. In addition, Additional
Directors looking after the audit and accounts departments are experienced
professionals recruited through a competitive process. More than 30
Division Chiefs, i.e. middle level managers, in the 12 core departments
were recruited directly from the market, through a merit-based open
process. The direct recruits now account for more than 60 percent of all
officers in this category, as compared to about 20 to 30 percent, two
years ago. In September 2001, a very senior private sector banker was
appointed as Deputy Governor (banking)(iv) the National Institute for
Banking and Finance (NIBAF) has been restructured as an independent
subsidiary to focus on training and skill development of staff at SBP.
Entry level banking officers are trained at NIBAF and subsequently on the
job before being assigned to various departments. A large scale
professional and managerial retraining program was initiated for all
levels of staff and although promotions are based on performance at work
they are also explicitly linked with performance at training courses.
Foreign training for skill up-gradation was intensified and twining
arrangements were reached with Bank Negara (central bank of Malaysia) and
FSA, UK,(v) SBP contracted services of senior ex Bank staff and other
professionals including a Human Resource Adviser from Bank Negara to
assist in restructuring, capacity building and business process
-2 -



re-engineering of SBP.Introducing information technology:In the area of
IT, while some of the manual systems were earlier computerized, SBP's
technological base remained weak, making it difficult for the information
to flow within and outside the organization. The ISSP study had
recommended a complete automation of SBP functions to enhance the overall
efficiency of the institution and to improve the control systems both
internal and external, which are crucial for optimum functioning of cental
banks. Implementation of ISSP is underway integrating a complete
management information system, and includes: (i) a Banking Solution, (ii)
Enterprise Resource Package (ERP) for accounting, human resources,
payroll, procurement, inventory and asset management system, (iii) setting
up a central Data Warehouse to provide a single source of organizational
data, and (iv) networking of all SBP offices and the banking system.
Without this level of automation the cental bank would not be in a
position to perform its role as a vigilant and effective regulator in this
fast changing environment led by advancements in technology. Improving
electronic clearing services:Although electronic check clearing services
were introduced by the private sector in 1996, by the establishment of
National Institute of Financial Transactions (NIFT). The banking sector,
however, did not readily exploit the advantages of these services.
Consequently, these services remained limited to Karachi. It was only
recently when all of the commercial banks adapted electronic clearing
services, that the clearing house started its services in Lahore and is
now planning to expand to all other major cities of the country. While
these are positive developments, SBP and the commercial banks recognize
that substantial weaknesses exist in the present system concerning both
the design and availability of services and geographical coverage.
Weaknesses in the national payment system can be a source of substantial
risk and lack of confidence in the banking system. SBP plans to counter
this by introducing an appropriate large value real-time gross settlement
system to mitigate risk and support private sector in extending low value
electronic clearing services outside the main population centers.
Strengthening regulatory framework:The State Bank undertook a review of
the financial sector in/ over the past 18 months. The focus was on
assessing market needs, regulatory constraints and institutional
weaknesses in the system. The review showed that, because of the
regulatory constraints the sector was fragmented with a multitude of small
and weak institutions thereby limiting the competition within the system.
Consequently, SBP has taken several measures: (i) increasing the minimum
capital requirement for banks and non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs),
(ii) rationalizing the legal and regulatory framework for NBFIs, and (iii)
restructuring of the development finance sector. SBP also intends to
continue working for under served sectors of the economy.In May 2001, the
State Bank requested a follow-on/continuation of the technical assistance
project to support the ongoing institutional reforms and other
restructuring measures that are discussed in detail under Section-C.
2. Objectives
The Banking Sector Technical Assistance Project (TABS) is a follow on of
the ongoing Financial Sector Deepening and Intermediation Project (FSDIP),
which will be closing in June 2002. TABS would support completion of the
restructuring measures already initiated under FSDIP as well as complement
broader reforms in the financial sector supported by the Bank and other
donors. The project will assist State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) in its
restructuring program of transforming the central bank into a highly
-3 -



professional, efficient and modern institution. The primary objective
being that the central bank of the country becomes fully equipped to play
a meaningful role in the economic development of Pakistan. The
restructuring measures supported under the project include: (a) Improving
the standards and quality of personnel, providing employees an opportunity
to work with modern techniques/tools through enhanced training and
re-aligning the bank's training policies with international best practices
for staff development,(b) Modernizing the operations of the State Bank by
automating processes through use of technology, networking and
communication tools and establishing linkages with the banking sector and
the Ministry of Finance for improved functioning,(c) Streamlining and
strengthening the payments system for improved, safe, efficient and
affordable delivery of financial services across the country,(d) Carrying
out a study and supporting further strengthening of the credit information
system in the country in order to provide better quality and wider access
to financial information to all stakeholders,(e) creating awareness and
strengthening regulators and enforcers for prevention of money laundering
and financial fraud; and(f) strengthening and building capacity for
banking sector regulation and policy making.FSDIP has supported the State
Bank of Pakistan over the last six years in improving its functioning as a
regulator. The supervision of banks was considerably strengthened with
development of new rules and procedures and the hiring and training of
personnel in specialized areas. Manual functions were automated and
existing systems upgraded through state of the art technology. In
addition, SBP took a number of additional initiatives to further build its
capability for effective regulation and management of monetary policy
(details of past and ongoing reforms are provided in Section B-2).
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
SBP has made significant progress in initiating and implementing far
reaching reforms to improve its capacity as a regulator. Bank support
under FSDIP has had a deep impact on SBP's supervision capacity through
investment in its staff and information systems. This project would
support completion of the reforms initiated under FSDIP as well other
initiatives for further strengthening the human resource base,
streamlining and strengthening the national payments system and improving
the quality and coverage of credit information services for a better
banking/ business environment in the country. In addition, the Bank has
been involved in development of the banking sector in Pakistan from the
beginning start of the liberalization and reform process and has supported
similar initiatives in other developing countries. The Bank's extensive
knowledge and experience in this area would be highly valuable in
affecting change and facilitating implementation of SBP's reform program.
The project would also complement broader sectoral reforms supported by
the Government of Pakistan and other donors including the IMF and ADB.
4. Description
The six components of the Project are discussed below:Human Resource
Development: Human Resource (HR) reforms initiated by SBP were/have been
supported under FSDIP in/over the past few years. The program covered all
HR related policies and development of an HR management system with the
objectives of:(i) reviewing and re-aligning policies of recruitment,
training, compensation, performance evaluation, promotion and
separation;(ii) strengthening the human resource base of SBP by
attracting, retaining and motivating professional staff; and(iii) carrying
- 4 -



out a comprehensive HR audit to identify and fill the skill gaps in
relation to the existing and emerging functional needs of SBP. To achieve
the first two objectives, a HR adviser from Bank Negara (Malaysia) was
engaged to advise and undertake restructuring. In addition, Sidat Hyder
(local counterparts of Arthur Anderson) were hired last year for carrying
out the audit.The HR Adviser has done considerable ground work and
designed several key policies, however, much remains to be done
particularly on the implementation side. It is planned that the HR Audit
Team would pick up the work at the time when the HR Adviser completes her
assignment in June 2002. Although the initial task of Sidat Hyder was to
review positions, prepare job descriptions and conduct job, skills and
training needs analyses, its responsibilities have now been increased.
This additional scope would be supported by the project and includes: (i)
reviewing policies developed by the HR Adviser, (ii) identifying suitable
compensation strategies and design, (iii) providing training in key soft
skill areas such as behavioral skills, (iv) assessment of leadership
capabilities, and (v) preparing a report on possible redundancies and
potential areas of further restructuring.Training is essential for
sustaining the reform process and has been given particular attention by
SBP management. TABS would continue to support these initiatives in the
areas of: (i) Peoples Management, (ii) Performance Management, (iii) Team
work and leadership programs, (iv) Change Management, and (v) acquisition
of HR tools. This support is to ensure that the HR department is committed
to adopting best practices in its human resource management.Technology
Up-gradation: This component would support completion of the automation
project as designed in the Information System Strategy Plan formulated
under the FSDIP. Technology enhancement will allow regular flow of
consistent information for the central bank to play a pro-active role in
banking supervision and take timely actions when needed. The base
infrastructure has been successfully installed already at the head office,
and initial deployment of the banking solution (Globus), ERP package
(Oracle Financials) and the data warehouse are being implemented. In each
of these areas, TABS would assist in the following:Banking Solution -
GLOBUS: As the main banking system, Globus will help SBP achieve;
compliance with international banking standards, availability of reliable
information, ease of introducing new products into the market, as well as
efficiency and controls. Significant progress has been made according to
the project plan and the project supports implementation and branch roll
out of Globus with the following additional modules:Custom-built systems
for export refinance and integration of currency, housing refinance
window, depository functions (loan floated by the government and special
government bonds), and to take care of impact of subsidiary.Roll out of
Globus to SBP branches including mapping of staff, training and WAN
connectivity.Assessment of Globus functionality to identify new processes
and practices that may be implemented in ERP.ERP Oracle: ERP will
integrate departmental functions related to financial accounting, human
resources, budgeting, payroll, procurement, inventory and asset
management. Implementation has progressed well including, completion of
definition, operations analysis and solution design phases. Under the
project, the following activities would be supported:ERP changes needed to
cater for the SBP and subsidiary split, including consolidation of
accounts and custom-built packages such as Oracle Alter Manager, Self
Service Web Applications and Oracle Workflow.Implementation of a
self-service HR kiosk for the bank's staff and personnel.Implementation of
an OLAP financial analyzer for end user reporting.Oracle workflow
- 5-



implementation.Data warehouse: Data Warehouse is a central repository of
information that provides comprehensive and high integrity data in a form
suitable for decision support to end-users and to the decision-makers. In
the new technologically advanced environment, it has become essential that
systems and data structures be redesigned for sustainability and
scalability. The project supports implementation of the following
activities:Initiating Business Process Reengineering of routine processes
alongwith additional subject areas including access to organizational
data, interactive query, analysis and presentation of data, modeling and
forecasting and object and multi-dimensional data analysis.Conversion and
flow of data from different applications into the data
warehouse.Introducing custom-built packages such as OLAP Financial
Services, Oracle Express Analyzer, Oracle 9i/AS Clickstream Intelligence
and Business Intelligence Beans.Hardware and Networking: Significant
progress has been made with 584 PCs deployed and five servers are in
operation. Additional 219 PCs are being installed. Networking in SBP
Karachi offices is completed to a great extent including LAN and radio
linked WAN between three offices. Reassessment during implementation
determined a requirement of 2804 nodes. This revision of requirements has
brought about significant design change resulting in the enhanced scope of
work in networking. In addition, the project would support:The procurement
of 925 desktop and 120 laptop computers.200 Network, 25 Personal and 10
High End Printers.Completion of LAN setup including cabling at Karachi
OfficeConnecting regional offices through VSAT, digital cross connect and
dial up link - WANTo ensure quality power supply power generators, voltage
stabilizers, UPS and related infrastructure will also be included in this
component.Completion of the automation project includes expansion of the
systems to 15 branch offices beyond the Central Directorate and Karachi
Office including; entire roll out of Globus, ERP/Oracle financial and
networking of the branch offices.Training and Change Management: The
project team has successfully trained staff in oracle, Globus and O/A.
Under the current plans further training programs on Oracle, O/A,
networking and systems will also be conducted. This is, however, an
ongoing exercise and is extremely critical for this entire effort. The
project would support completion of these training programs in networking
and O/A, as well as conducting similar programs during transition and
before switch over. In addition, the project will support change
management initiatives so that SBP is fully prepared to accept the new
systems and processes.Strengthening and Streamlining the National Payments
System: The payment instruments used in Pakistan can be broadly
categorized into cash and paper-based instruments. Paper-based instruments
comprise checks, drafts etc. Since the data on the usage of these
instruments in Pakistan is currently not available, it is not possible to
give exact ratios of cash payments and non-cash payments. The use of
electronic payments such as Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) and Credit
Cards is very limited since these facilities have been introduced very
recently in the country by the commercial banks and are available only in
major cities. However, these modern facilities are becoming popular among
the people and demand for modern services is growing.Steps have already
been initiated to address the well-recognized risk and efficiency
weaknesses. To replace the existing old and manually operated paper based
payment system with a modern one, the commercial banks have established an
organization that will be responsible for the automated processing of
checks. This initiative is being undertaken in collaboration with private
sector investors through establishment of a company - NIFT, that was
- 6 -



established in October, 1996 as a joint venture of six large commercial
banks and private investors. In January 2001 the BIS CPSS published a
major report containing the Core Principles for Systemically Important
Payment Systems which provide a framework for assessing the degree to
which the national systems satisfy the requirements for speed, certainty,
reliability, etc. Despite the actions that have been taken to date -
automation of check processing in a few main population centres - the SBP
and the commercial banks recognize that substantial legal, risk and
efficiency weaknesses are present in the existing systems.The State Bank
team has made excellent progress in preparing for execution of the
payments system improvement component. Organizational arrangements have
been put in place to ensure that all SBP and commercial bank stakeholders
have an opportunity to actively participate in the conceptual design of
the envisaged RTGS system and in its detailed specification. Consultancy
Associates Limited (CAL) have been appointed as project consultants that
are asssisting SBP in acquiring an understanding of the relevant policy,
organizational, technical and operational issues that need to be addressed
in design of the RTGS system and its interface with Globus banking package
that is now nearing completion. RTGS and Globus integration will provide
an opportunity for SBP to provide a model 1 Delivery versus Payment (DvP)
capability for secondary market trading in government securities as well
as a robust vehicle to provide a repo based intra-day liquidity to RTGS
participants. This integration will also provide an appropriate
infrastructure for use by the market in developing a robust and secure
inter-bank money market.The acquisition and implementation of the above
mentioned system will cover: (a) acquisition and installation of a
comprehensive and robust RTGS system; (b) all necessary training of SBP
and commercial banks' operations, IT and treasury personnel; (c) services
of a dedicated project manager and other advisory assistance during system
implementation; (d) educational visits by relevant SBP personnel to
central banks that have already installed a RTGS system to enhance
understanding and increase confidence; and (e) specialist legal advice in
establishing an appropriate legal infrastructure for the new system
ensuring provisioning of final and irrevocable immediate settlement of
payment instructions on an intra-day basis.Strengthening and Extending the
Scope of Credit Information Bureau (CIB): The State Bank's CIB was
established in 1989. The mechanisms for data collection and data retrieval
as well as the scope of the data collected and maintained in the system
data bases has been enhancing progressively, with the most recent
improvements made in May 2001. The CIB provides valuable and much needed
service in a low cost manner to the credit community i.e. to both the
users and providers. The existing system is semi automated and relies on
paper based input-output processes. Nevertheless, the information
contained in the system database as well as in the technical platform used
by the system has been improved over time in keeping with the evolving
needs of the participants for a more comprehensive information database.
The State Bank personnel are aware that the issues of policy, legal
framework and operations surrounding the design of credit information
services, have recently received considerable attention throughout the
global financial community and could be used to assess current systems at
the State Bank, with a view to identifying worthwhile and cost effective
enhancements. The project has three main objectives: (a) strengthening the
existing system and extending its scope to ensure that optimum benefits
are provided to participants consistent with best international practice;
(b) improving the knowledge and skills of a small group of SBP
- 7 -



specialists; and (c) enhancing the technical platform to provide a basis
for an on-line secure connectivity with the system users. High quality
systems facilitate better overall allocation of credit in the economy,
more accurate prediction of repayment probability, more accurate pricing
and targeting of credit, more consistent and efficient application of
credit policy, improved borrower discipline, increased incentives to
repay, and reduction in the potential for moral hazard.Building Awareness
and Strengthening the Regulators/Examiners and Enforcers for Prevention of
Money Laundering and Financial Fraud: The State Bank and the Securities
and Exchange Commission of Pakistan are the regulatory and supervisory
authorities for banks, financial (non bank) markets including stock market
participants, NBFIs, and insurance. These two authorities have initiated
measures to strengthen their in-house capacity/ competencies to control
and prevent money laundering activities. The central bank is already
focusing on formulating rules and regulations to ensure compliance.
Measures initiated so far include issuance of Prudential Regulations to
banks, NBFIs Rules of Business, freezing of accounts, educating
supervisory staff, communicating with Ministry of Finance and Ministry of
Foreign Affairs on relevant issues and ensuring that banks and NBFIs have
'know your customer' (KYC) rules which are strictly adhered to. Moreover,
banks are assessed by the State Bank's on-site examiners who evaluate the
KYC policies and procedures of banks during their inspections. Deviations/
violations from Prudential Regulations and Rules of Business are reported
for necessary action. Banks/ NBFIs found in violation can be penalized and
proceedings may be instigated against the responsible officials.Pakistan
is an active member of the Asia Pacific Group on Money Laundering. The
Anti Narcotics Force and the National Accountability Bureau (NAB),
(including the Economic Crimes Wing of the Federal Investigation Authority
- FIA) are investigation authorities engaged in prosecution of money
laundering activities. On the State Bank's initiative, a Working Group
headed by the Ministry of Finance and consisting of representatives of
Ministries of Law and justice, Interior, SBP, SECP, NAB and FIA, has been
constituted to draft an effective and comprehensive legislation to provide
for an institutional framework for monitoring and regulating money
laundering transactions. SECP has also taken several initiatives to
counter money laundering activities/ practices including requirement of
KYC policies for securities' market brokers. Plans to strengthen the
systems for monitoring and surveillance of securities markets, broker
licensing and certification criteria are underway. The need vigilant
systems for disclosure requirements and standards is being emphasized with
the overarching objective of creating awareness in the investor community.
Moreover, training sessions and seminars will be held to create awareness
among key stakeholders, such as creditors and institutional investors.
Workshops will be arranged under the auspices of major academic
institutions, which will focus on significant corporate governance issues.
For the benefit of public at large, brochures and guidelines will be
published to develop their knowledge and understanding of the main
perspectives and framework of corporate governance and help the public
assimilate its various dimensions.Recognizing that a change in culture and
mindset is critical to effectively implement these policies, capacity of
all institutions involved needs to be strengthened. The project supports
training of the essential staff of SBP, SECP, AML unit of Economic Crimes
Wing (ECW) of the Federal Investigation Authority, and the judiciary.
Enhancements in the existing computer systems for monitoring and record
keeping would also be supported to improve the capability of enforcing
- 8-



these new policies.Strengthening and Building Capacity for Banking Sector
Regulation and Policy Making: SBP has, over the past few years,
strengthened its capacity for effective regulation and development of the
financial markets. This was achieved largely through training of
essential staff and consultant support. Various studies were conducted in
the areas of under served markets, market structure (including Islamic
banking) and regulation of deposit taking/ non-deposit taking
institutions. The study on under served sectors, in fact, led to a
paradigm shift in the strategy for development banking sector. In
addition, SBP took an initiative for developing the housing finance
market. This initiative was also supported by the Bank under which a
review was carried out covering the role of existing market players and
future prospects for the housing sector. TABS would support further work
in these areas including small and medium enterprises, housing and rural
finance.The project would also assist SBP and policy makers to keep pace
with developments in global financial markets through participation in
seminars and specialized training programs. It would also assist in
developing research capabilities within the SBP and the Ministry of
Finance (banking wing). Specifically, the project would finance: (i)
provision of specialized training in 'soft skills' areas, particularly
management of change and culture; (ii) appointment of well-regarded senior
level trainers from abroad to bring in new ideas to supplement internal
programs and courses offered within Pakistan; (iii) taking part in
international seminars and conferences; (iv) hiring consultants/ advisers
to support training needs, IT and HR functions; (v) conducting studies for
development of financial markets and services including a comprehensive
diagnostic study on Habib Bank Limited; and (vi) building capacity at the
Ministry of Finance (banking wing) for strategy and policy making to keep
abreast of developments in the sector.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER                 $3.80
IBRD
IDA                      $26.50
Total Project Cost       $30.30
6. Implementation
The Government of Pakistan will be the Borrower, which will pass-on
proceeds of the loan to SBP, on grant basis. The State Bank will be the
main implementing agency. The project will be managed by a Project
Director, currently Director of Banking Inspection Department. However,
three of the main components would have their own project managers due to
the extended scope and complexity of the activities involved. These
include: (a) the Human Resource Development component for implementation
of HR reforms in SBP (b) the Technical Up-gradation component for
implementation of the IT project, and (c) the Payments Systems component.
The SBP project team would also be responsible for coordinating and
managing utilization of funds for SECP, ECW, Ministry of Law and the
Ministry of Finance under AML and capacity building components.SBP would
submit regular quarterly implementation progress reports for the project.
It would also carry out a comprehensive staff survey after two years of
project implementation. Results of the survey would be used for mid term
review to assess impact of the project.
-9-



7. Sustainability
Sustainability of reforms is assured by commitment of the top management
at SBP and GOP as well as by bringing about a fundamental change in the
functioning of SBP. The way of doing business has been changed and
improved by modernizing systems and processes. This, augmented by a change
in mind set which is being brought about through workshops, seminars and
training, will ensure continuity and permanence of the reform process. SBP
is striving for right skills and quality in staffing, state of the art
information systems and best practice in HR policies and procedures to be
a modern and effective central bank.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
1. Financial Sector Deepening and Intermediation Project - The project
had two broad components: (i) a credit line for private financial
institutions to meet foreign exchange requirements of project financing;
and (ii) technical assistance for the Central Bank, the Privatization
Commission, the Controller of Insurance and the Securities and Exchange
Commission (then Corporate Law Authority) for capacity building and
implementing policy reforms. The project design was complex and overly
ambitious. The project had multiple objectives and did not have
commensurate commitment of the relevant stakeholders. As a result, the
credit line remained un-utilized and the project was restructured. The
restructured technical assistance project was limited in scope to assist
SBP in strengthening its regulatory and supervisory role, and the
Privatization Commission in executing bank privatization. The component
for Privatization Commission, however, did not proceed entirely
satisfactorily due to external factors such as law and order and the
investment climate in the country. The SBP component was successful in
achieving its objectives.2. TABS was designed based on the experience of
FSDIP as a technical assistance project focusing on SBP. The design of the
project is simple and there is demonstrated ownership and commitment of
SBP to implement (discussed in the following paragraph). The project will
support implementation of activities started under FSDIP as well as a few
other important initiatives. The project objective is to reform SBP and
improve the environment of the financial sector.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  Not applicable
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Mudassir Khan
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 92-51-2279641
Fax: 92-51-2279648
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
- 10 -



Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending May 17, 2002.
- 11 -



