Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3845 IND
                             Project Agreement
                  (Second Rural Electrification Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
             PERSEROAN TERBATAS PERUSAHAAN PERSEROAN (PERSERO)
                      P.T. PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK NEGARA
                           Dated April 20, 1995
                                                     LOAN NUMBER 3845 IND
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated April 20, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (hereinafter referred to as
the Bank) and PERSEROAN TERBATAS PERUSAHAAN PERSEROAN (PERSERO)
P.T. PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK NEGARA (abbreviated as P.T. PLN
(PERSERO) (hereinafter referred to as PLN).
    WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred ninety eight
million dollars ($398,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PLN
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
    (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PLN, a portion of the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to
PLN on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
    WHEREAS PLN, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
Page  2
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
    Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. (a) PLN declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for said Part of the Project.
    (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall carry out Part A of the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
    Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for Part A  of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
    Section 2.03. PLN shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part A of the Project.
    Section 2.04. PLN shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, PLN shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
    Section 2.05. (a) PLN shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of
Part A of the project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
    (b)   PLN shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Part A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Loan, or the performance by PLN of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of PLN
    Section 3.01. PLN shall carry on its operations and conduct
Page  3
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial
and engineering, managerial, public utility and environmental
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
    Section 3.02.  (a) PLN shall maintain its existence and
right to carry on its operations and shall take all steps
necessary to acquire, maintain and renew all interest in land
and other properties and all rights, powers, privileges and
franchises which are necessary or useful in carrying out Part
A of the Project or in the conduct of its business.
    (b)   PLN shall at all times operate and maintain its plants,
facilities, equipment and other property, and promptly as
required, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, in
accordance with sound engineering and public utility practices.
    (c)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall not
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its
property or assets which shall be required for the efficient
operation of its business and undertaking.
    Section 3.03. PLN shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) PLN shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
    (b)   PLN shall:
          (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                and expenses and related statements) for each
                fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                appropriate auditing principles consistently
                applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                the Bank;
          (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                any case not later than six months after the end
                of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                financial statements for such year as so audited,
                and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                concerning said records, accounts and
                financial statements as well as the audit
                thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
                time reasonably request.
    Section 4.02. PLN shall: (a) by October 31 every year
commencing in 1995 review its long run marginal costs with a
view to formulating its tariff structure; (b) discuss the
results of such review with the Borrower and the Bank; and (c)
thereafter, take appropriate steps to revise the tariff
structure taking into account the views, if any, thereon of the
Borrower and the Bank.
    Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN
shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of PLN shows that the projected net
revenues of PLN for each fiscal year during the term of the
Page  4
debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the projected
debt service requirement of PLN in such year on all debt of PLN
including the debt to be incurred. For the purposes of this
Section:
    (a)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLN maturing
by its terms more than one year after the date on which it is
originally incurred.
    (b)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a loan
contract or agreement or other instrument providing for such
debt or further modification of its terms of payment, on the
date of such contract, agreement or instrument; and (ii) under
a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement providing for
such guarantee has been entered into.
    (c)   The term "net revenues of PLN" means gross revenues of
PLN from all sources, adjusted to take account of the PLN's
tariffs in effect at the time of the incurrence of debt even
though they were not in effect during the twelve-month period
to which such revenues relate, less all operating expenses of
PLN, including expenses accountable to administration,
maintenance and taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but
before provision for depreciation of assets and interest and
other charges on debt.
    (d)   The term "debt service requirement" means the aggregate
amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if any)
of, and interest and other charges on, debt.
    (e)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
prepared by PLN in the fiscal year in which the debt in
question is to be incurred, which both the Bank and PLN accept
as reasonable and as to which the Bank has notified PLN of its
acceptability, provided that no event has occurred since such
notification which has, or may reasonably be expected in the
future to have, a material adverse effect on the financial
condition or future operating results of PLN.
    (f)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
necessary to value, in terms of currency of the Borrower, debt
payable in another currency, such valuation shall be made on
the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which
such other currency is, at the time of such valuation,
obtainable for the purposes of servicing such debt, or, with
absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
acceptable to the Bank.
    Section 4.04. PLN shall, as part of its on-going annual
planning procedures: (i) prepare a ten-year financial forecast
based on its proposed development plans; (ii) test each
proposed development plan for financial feasibility; (iii)
develop a financing plan covering the first five years of the
forecast period which will specify the quantum of external
funding and the appropriate mix of equity and debt and, to the
extent possible, identify potential financial sources; and (iv)
ensure that its recommended development plans and associated
financial forecasts and financing plan are jointly reviewed
with the Borrower and the Bank prior to their adoption by its
Board.
    Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PLN shall, from time to time, take all such measures,
satisfactory to the Bank, as shall be required to realize for
all its operations, for its fiscal year 1995 and in each of its
fiscal years thereafter, an annual rate of return of not less
than eight percent (8%) of the average current value of PLN's
net fixed assets in operation.
    (b)   PLN shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PLN
and satisfactory to the Bank, review on a periodic basis, as
agreed with the Bank,  whether its tariffs are adequate to meet
Page  5
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for
the next fiscal year, and shall furnish to the Bank such review
upon its completion.
    (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   the required annual return shall be calculated by
                dividing PLN's net operating income for all its
                operations for the fiscal year in question by
                one-half of the sum of the current value of PLN's
                net fixed assets in operation for all its
                operations at the beginning and the end of that
                fiscal year;
          (ii)  the term "net operating income" means the
                revenues from all sources related to PLN's
                operations less all expenditures incurred on
                account of such operations, including expenses of
                administration, adequate maintenance and taxes or
                any payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                depreciation calculated on revaluated assets
                pursuant to Section 4.03 of this Agreement.
                Interest and other charges on debt shall not be
                deducted from gross revenues;
         (iii)  the term "value of PLN's net fixed assets
                in operations" means the gross value of
                PLN's fixed assets in operation less the
                amount of accumulated depreciation and
                consumers' contributions, all as valued
                from time to time in accordance with the
                methods of valuation or revaluation
                referred to in Section 4.06 of this
                Agreement;
          (iv)  the term "total operating expenses" means all
                expenses related to PLN's operations, including
                administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                depreciation calculated on revaluated assets
                pursuant to Section 4.03 of this Agreement, but
                excluding interest and other charges on debt;
          (v)   the term "debt service requirements" relating to
                PLN's operations means the aggregate amount of
                repayments (including sinking fund payments, if
                any) of, and interest and other charges on, debt;
                and
          (vi)  whenever, for the purposes of this Section, it
                shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                currency of the Borrower debt payable in another
                currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                at which such other currency is, at the time of
                such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                acceptable to the Bank.
    Section 4.06. For the purposes of the calculations referred
to in Section 4.05 (a) of this Agreement, PLN shall for its
fiscal year 1995 and for each fiscal year thereafter, revalue
its fixed assets (including work in progress and consumers'
contributions), and accumulated depreciation, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
    Section 4.07. The provisions of: (i) Section 4.06 (a) of the
Project Agreement (Power Transmission Project), dated August 8,
1991, between the Bank and PLN (Loan 3349-IND); (ii) Section
4.05 (a) of the Project Agreement (Suralaya Thermal Power
Project), dated August 26, 1992, between the Bank and PLN (Loan
Page  6
3501-IND); (iii) Section 4.06 (a) of the Project Agreement
(Paiton Thermal Power Project), dated July 21, 1989, between
the Bank and PLN (Loan 3098-IND); (iv) Section 4.06 (a) of the
Project Agreement (Power Sector Efficiency Project), dated July
21, 1989, between the Bank and PLN (Loan 3097-IND); (v) Section
4.06 (a) of the Project Agreement (Rural Electrification
Project), dated April 30, 1990, between the Bank and PLN (Loan
3180-IND); (vi) Section 4.05 (a) of the Project Agreement
(Cirata Hydroelectric Phase II Project) dated June 25, 1993
entered into between the Bank and PLN (Loan 3602-IND); and
(vii) Section 4.05 of the Project Agreement (Sumatera and
Kalimantan Power Project) dated July 25, 1994 entered into
between the Bank and PLN (Loan 3761-IND), are hereby superseded
by the provisions of Section 4.05 (a) of this Agreement.
    Section 4.08. Except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall:
    (a)   review annually with the Bank and the Borrower, PLN's
proposed investment plan for the next five fiscal years,
including the priorities assigned to the investments included
under such plans and the balance between the generation,
transmission and distribution of electric power likely to
result from such investments; and
    (b)   by October 31 every year commencing in 1995 review with
the Borrower and the Bank, PLN's development plan and
associated financial forecasts and financing plan provided for
in Section 4.04 of this Agreement.
    Section 4.09.  (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PLN shall not: (i) declare any dividend or make any other
distribution with respect to its share capital, unless, after
such dividend has been paid or other distribution has been
made, the current assets of PLN would equal or exceed 1.0 times
the current liabilities of PLN.
    (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   The term "current assets" means cash, all assets
                which could in the ordinary course of business be
                converted into cash within twelve months,
                including accounts receivable, marketable
                securities, inventories and pre-paid expenses
                properly chargeable to operating expenses within
                the next fiscal year.
         (ii)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                liabilities which will become due and payable or
                could under circumstances then existing be called
                for payment within twelve months, including
                accounts payable, customer advances, debt service
                requirements, taxes and payments in lieu of
                taxes, and dividends.
        (iii)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                charges on, debt.
         (iv)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                another currency, such valuation shall be made on
                the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                exchange acceptable to the Bank.
Page  7
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
    Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PLN thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms,
and the Bank shall promptly notify PLN thereof.
    Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between
the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,
telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
    For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                248423 (RCA),
                Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC),
                                          64145 (WUI) or
                                         197688 (TRT)
    For PLN:
          P.T. PLN (Persero)
          Jalan Trunojoyo 135
          Kebayoran Baru
          Jakarta 12160
          Indonesia
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                PLNPST                   47156 PLNPST IA
                Jakarta                  47248 PLNPST IA
    Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under
this Agreement on behalf of PLN may be taken or executed by its
President Director or such other person or persons as the
President Director shall designate in writing, and PLN shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
Page  8
    Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to
be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year
first above written.
                INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                By /s/ Russell Cheetham
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                PERSEROAN TERBATAS PERUSAHAAN PERSEROAN (PERSERO)
                P.T. PERUSAHAAN LISTRIK NEGARA
                By /s/ Arifin M. Siregar
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:      Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines),
and in accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract.  The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension.  Such an increase in the bid
price shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
With respect to each contract made subject to the Bank's prior
review in accordance with the provisions of Part D.1(a) of this
Section, the Bank's prior approval will be required for: (i) a
first extension of the bid validity period if the period of
extension exceeds sixty (60) days; and (ii) any subsequent
extension of the bid validity period.
    (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, PLN shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes
of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents
have been issued by the Bank, PLN shall use bidding documents
based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
Page  9
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
Indonesia may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
    1.    Goods under Part A.3(a) of the Project shall be
procured under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
bids obtained from at least three qualified suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set
forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding
paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
    2.    Drilling services under Part A.3(b) of the Project
shall be procured under contracts awarded through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of bids obtained from at least three qualified
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance with
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
    3.    Concrete power line poles under Part A.1 of the
Project, shall be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
    4.    (a) Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) hereof,
goods under Part A.4 of the Project, shall be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at least
three different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
    (b)   Goods under Part A.4 of the Project, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $1,500,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Bank.
    5.    (a) Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) hereof,
equipment and materials, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $1,000,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained
from at least three suppliers from at least three different
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
    (b)   Equipment and materials, estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $1,400,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
    1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and drilling
services estimated to cost more than the equivalent of
$200,000, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
Page  10
copies of the contract required to be furnished to the Bank
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.  Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, said procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5
to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
    2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.     Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist PLN in carrying out Part A of the
Project, PLN shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants
by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, PLN shall
employ such consultants under contracts using the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where
no relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, PLN shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior Bank
review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts; (b) single-source selection of consulting firms; (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank; (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above; or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.  PLN shall: (a) by October 31 of each year commencing in
1995, until completion of the Project, furnish to the Bank for
its review and comments PLN's draft annual rural
electrification development and investment plans; and (b)
thereafter finalize the said plans taking into account the
comments, if any, thereon by the Bank.
2.  PLN shall select villages to be electrified each year under
Page  11
Part A.1 of the Project in accordance with criteria and
procedures agreed with the Bank.
3.  PLN shall: (a) undertake environmental screening, and
resettlement and rehabilitation planning for Subprojects to be
financed under the Loan in accordance with criteria and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank; (b) submit, for the Bank's
approval, a proposal for each Subproject, under Part A.3 of the
Project, to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
including an environmental mitigation and/or resettlement and
rehabilitation measures therefor; (c) ensure that during the
execution of each Subproject the environmental mitigation and
resettlement and rehabilitation measures therefor are carried
out in a manner satisfactory to the Bank; and (d) by April 30
every year commencing in 1996, furnish such information about
the environmental mitigation and resettlement and
rehabilitation measures taken during the preceding fiscal year
of the Borrower in such detail as the Bank may reasonably
request.
4.  PLN shall maintain the Project Management Unit within its
rural electrification division with functions, powers, staff,
and funds necessary to coordinate and supervise and to ensure
the implementation of the Project.
5.  PLN shall, by June 30 (or such other date as may be agreed
by the Bank) every year commencing in 1995, revise, and publish
the small power purchase tariff schedule including the form of
the standard power purchase contract in accordance with  the
methodology agreed to by the Bank.
6.  PLN shall, by June 30 (or such other date as may be agreed
by the Bank) every year commencing in 1995, revise and publish
the bulk supply tariff schedule in accordance with the
methodology agreed to by the Bank.
7.  PLN shall jointly with the Borrower: (a) furnish to the Bank
(i) such periodic reports concerning the reorganization of PLN
as reasonably requested by the Bank; and (ii) a draft time
bound corporate reorganization and restructuring action plan,
based on terms of reference agreed with the Bank, for PLN to
operate according to best utility practices (including an
action plan for restructuring specific to rural
electrification); (b) discuss the said report(s) and draft
action plan with the Bank; (c) finalize the said action plan
taking into account the comments, if any, thereon by the Bank;
and (d) by June 30, 1995, take appropriate steps to implement
the said action plan taking into consideration the comments, if
any, thereon by the Bank.
8.  PLN shall: (a) by October 31, 1995, establish principles and
procedures for technical audit of Subprojects in consultation
with the Bank; (b) commencing in 1996, until completion of the
Project, carry out an annual technical audit of the completed
parts of the Project, through independent technical auditors
acceptable to the Bank in accordance with the principles and
procedures indicated in sub-paragraph (a) hereof, focussing on
the quality and standards of the goods, works, and services
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan including the
effective utilization thereof, operation and maintenance of the
equipment, and the environmental and resettlement aspects of
the Subprojects; and (c) furnish to the Borrower and the Bank
as soon as available, but in any case not later than September
30 of each such year, the report of such technical audit by
such auditors and such other information relating thereto in
such detail as the Bank may reasonably request.
Page  12
