Report No. PID9648
Project Name                     Cameroon-Multi-sectoral HIV/AIDS (@)
Project
Region                           Africa Regional Office
Sector                           HIV/AIDS
Project ID                       CMPE73065
Borrower(s)                      REPUBLIC OF CAMEROON
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF PUBLIC HEALTH-NATIONAL
HIV/AIDS COMMITTEE
Comite National de Lutte contre le SIDA (CNLS)
c/o Ministere de la Sante Publique
Yaounde
Cameroun
Contact Person: Prof. Koulla Shiro
Tel: 237 22 01 72
Fax: 237 22 02 33
Email: N/A
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                November 23, 2000
Projected Appraisal Date         November 6, 2000
Projected Board Date             January 11, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
Epidemiological Situation of HIV/AIDSCameroon's first AIDS case was
reported in 1986. By 1998, an estimated 600,000 people were infected with
the virus. The latest HIV/AIDS surveillance results (September 2000)
indicate a prevalence rate of 11   among the sexually active population,
representing an estimated 937,000 infected people. Today, an estimated
500 people are newly infected with the HIV virus in Cameroon every day.
By December 1994, the total number of full-blown AIDS cases registered was
5,375 and, in 1998, the cumulative AIDS cases had reached 20,419. By the
year 2005, the government estimates 10,000-14,000 new AIDS cases. Subtype
0, a rare variant of HIV, has been detected in Cameroon. Approximately
90t of HIV transmission is by heterosexual contact, resulting in a roughly
equal number of men and women being infected. However, among youth, the
number of infected young women is twice as high as young men due to
behavioral (age difference with sexual partner) and biological reasons
(greater physiological vulnerability). The vast majority of reported cases
- 75t - are found between 20-39 years of age.It is widely recognized that
HIV/AIDS is a mayor threat to Cameroon's development. It affects all
levels of society and is rapidly canceling the development gains made
since the end of the depression in 1994. However, the precise
macroeconomic impact of AIDS is difficult to assess. Most studies have
found that estimates of the macroeconomic impacts are sensitive to
assumptions about how HIV/AIDS affects savings and investment rates and
whether AIDS affects the best-educated employees more than others.
Studies in certain sub-Saharan African countries have found that the rate
of economic growth could be reduced by as much as 25t over a 20-year



period. A simulation model of the economy of Cameroon concluded that the
annual growth rate of GDP could have been reduced by as much as 2
percentage points during the 1987-1991 period because of HIV/AIDS. Kambou,
G., Shantayanan, D., and Mead, 0. 1992. "The Economic Impact of AIDS in
an African Country: Simulations with a Computable General Equilibrium
Model of Cameroon", Journal of African Economies, Volume 1, Number l.Up to
very recently, HIV/AIDS has been addressed primarily as a health issue.
However, it is increasingly becoming a national crisis that impacts
negatively most sectors and exacerbates poverty. In the agriculture
sector, several studies by FAO, WFP, and DFID have shown how poverty
increases at the household when assets (e.g., livestock and/or land) are
sold to cover the cost of medical expenses. In addition, subsistence
agriculture is very sensitive to labor availability which is reduced by
HIV/AIDS, both directly, by affecting productive members of the household
and, indirectly through diverting labor to caring for the sick.The
transport sector is another sector particularly vulnerable to HIV/AIDS and
important to its prevention. A survey of bus and truck drivers in
Cameroon found that they spent an average of 14 days away from home on
each trip.  68t had sex during the most recent trip and 259 had sex every
night they were away AIDS Analysis Africa, Vol. 4 (5), September/October
1994.Another study conducted in 1993-1994, found that 15t of truck drivers
tested positive for HIV infection in Douala. A similar study carried out
in the southwest and coastal areas found 17t of truck drivers positive for
HIV infection.In the urban areas, considerable progress has been achieved
in terms of sensitization to HIV/AIDS. Among urban youths, 89t are aware
of the pandemic and 57T have already used condoms. Of pregnant women in
urban settings, 73t are aware of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT)
during birth and 84t of urban women know of the existence of condoms. The
situation is somewhat different in the rural areas.    Only 20t of men in
rural areas have already used a condom (as compared to 73.5w in Yaounde
/Douala where recent efforts start to pick up). The Ministry of Public
Investments and Regional Developed along with 13 ministries has launched a
pilot operation for community mobilization to control the spread of
HIV/AIDS. The Ministry of Agriculture, in conjunction with local
authorities and CBOs/NGOs, is providing technical assistance to this
operation. By December 2000, close to 200 villages will be covered and
the objective is to scale-up to achieve national coverage. In addition,
with support from UNAIDS, the National Agricultural Extension and Research
Program (NAERP) has trained 2,045 extension workers on HIV/AIDS and
560,000 rural families have been sensitized on HIV/AIDS.In spite of all
these efforts and positive achievements, basic awareness remains minimal
in the extreme northern areas. In addition, high-risk behavior is quite
widespread. In 1998, 35t of single women infected with HIV in Yaounde did
not use a condom during their most recent sexual contact; 13t of men had a
relation with commercial sex workers; and 209 had extramarital affairs.The
challenge facing Cameroon is now on two fronts. One is to translate the
high level of awareness into behavioral change to prevent the spread of
HIV/AIDS both in the rural and urban areas. The other is to identify the
promising governmental and non-governmental HIV/AIDS prevention,
mitigation, and care initiatives and rapidly replicate them to achieve
national coverage. National Strategic PlanCameroon started addressing the
HIV/AIDS epidemic in 1986 by establishing the Committee to Fight against
HIV/AIDS. Since then, four short and medium term plans were designed and
implemented: (1) the Short Term Plan of 1987, (2) the Medium Term Plan I
(1988-1992), (3) the Medium Term Plan II (1993-1995), and (4) the
-2 -



Framework for the Fight against HIV/AIDS (1999-2000). However, these
interventions had mixed results due to several factors, including
insufficient coordination among the various stakeholders; ineffective
integration and cooperation across sectors; and scarcity of human and
financial resources.As a result, the HIV/AIDS situation worsened
considerably: the HIV prevalence rate in Cameroon increased from 0.5% in
1987 to 11% in 2000. Faced with this pandemic, the government decided to
"declare war" on HIV/AIDS and finalized the current emergency HIV/AIDS
strategy in a record three months. In September 2000, the Prime Minister
launched the highly-publicized National Strategic Plan for the Fight
Against AIDS in Cameroon (2000-2005). The preparation of the Strategic
Plan was coordinated by the Ministry of Public Health with technical
support from UNAIDS. It is the outcome of a participatory process
involving most line ministries, the private sector, non-governmental
organizations, civil society, and the donor community. Its main objective
is to improve the national response to the HIV/AIDS pandemic.The
elaboration of the National Strategic Plan followed a five-step process
which started in June 1999. First, a training workshop for
representatives of the provincial governments and members of the Groupe
Technique Central (GTC), the executive body of the National Committee for
the Fight Against HIV/AIDS, on the process of developing the Strategic
Plan. This was followed by a decentralized situation analysis of the
HIV/AIDS epidemic at the provincial and district levels. Third, an
analysis of the response to the epidemic, previously planned at the
district level, was carried out at a national workshop in Yaounde to speed
up the process. The fourth step, UNAIDS consultants drafted a preliminary
strategic plan. And, in the last step, three meetings grouping all the
stakeholders, representing line ministries, NGOs, the private sector, and
religious organizations finalized the National Strategic Plan for the
Fight Against HIV/AIDS in Cameroon.The National Strategic Plan comprises
an operational plan covering six priority areas of intervention and an
emergency plan for 2000-2003. It highlights the following priority areas
for action:fn Prevention of HIV/AIDS and STI transmission through behavior
modificationn Prevention of HIV transmission in hospital settings and
through blood transfusion n Provision of clinical and home/community-based
care for People Living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA)n Establishment of an ethical,
legal, and human rights framework for PLWHAn Increase in HIV/AIDS research
and surveillancen Program management and coordinationThe emergency plan
focuses on three aspects: (1) the use of condoms (masculine and feminine)
- "100% condom strategy; (2) voluntary testing and counseling (VTC); and
(3) the promotion of behavior change among young people 15-24. It will
mostly target the "high-risk" population, namely the military, police,
customs officials, penitentiary personnel, students, commercial sex
workers, and truckers.In addition, the National Strategic Plan includes a
major expansion of HIV/AIDS activities that will be implemented by the
following line ministries: National Education, Higher Education,
Agriculture, Defense, Labor, Social Affairs, Women's Affairs, Information,
Public Health, Youth and Sports, and Local Administration. These
activities cover the full spectrum of prevention, treatment, care, and
support and target both the staff and the clients of the Government
entities. In addition to the public sector, the Strategic Plan looks at
the role of the private sector, non-governmental organizations, civil
society, and the donor community in combating the spread of HIV/AIDS.To
complement the new National Strategic Plan and reflect its
multi-sectoriality, a government decision was issued to reorganize the
-3 -



Groupe Technique Central (GTC - executive body of the National HIV/AIDS
Committee). The new GTC is managed by a Permanent Secretary and is
composed of five sections: (i) a section for support to local responses;
(ii) a section for support to sector responses; (iii) an operational
section, responsible for monitoring and evaluation of the entire program,
monitoring of support and care for PLWHA, and epidemiological
surveillance; (iv) a section responsible for information, communication,
and education (IEC); and (v) a financial management section. The Groupe
Technique Provincial (GTP - executive body of the Provincial HIV/AIDS
Commiittees) is managed by a provincial manager and comprises the same
sections as the GTC. A second decision established the Commission Mixte
de Suivi which will meet on a quarterly basis to oversee the National
Committee for the Fight Against AIDS, review the quarterly progress
reports, and ensure the proper use of funds. The Commission will be
presided by the Secretary General of the Office of the President, and
includes representatives of PLWHA, donor community, religious groups,
professional organizations, Parliament, and the Ministries of Public
Health, Economy and Finance, Public Investments, and Local Administration.
2. Objectives
To curb the spread of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Cameroon and to mitigate
its impact for all those who are infected or affected by HIV/AIDS through
the strengthening of communities' capacity to design and implement action
plans for HIV/AIDS and through support to the design and implementation of
sector specific HIV/AIDS strategies.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
Through its involvement in various sectors in Cameroon and its experience
with supporting large, decentralized and field oriented operations such as
the National Extension and Research Program, the Bank is well placed to
assist the Government to make the national effort to fight HIV/AIDS truly
multi-sectoral and field-oriented. As an active member of the UNAIDS
group, the Bank can contribute to galvanizing the support from various
international agencies and donors. The Bank's involvement in the support
to the HIV/AIDS program is leveraged by the focus given to HIV/AIDS in the
public expenditure review exercises, the on-going Health, Fertility and
Nutrition Project, the Poverty Reduction Strategy, the allocation of HIPC
resources, and the possible retro-fitting of existing operations. Thanks
to the availability of resources under the Multi Country HIV/AIDS Program
(MAP), the Bank is able to quickly mobilize the financial resources needed
to support the Government in the implementation of its emergency HIV/AIDS
program. Finally, the Bank's support can also be instrumental to attract
other donor's attention to complement the IDA Credit with additional grant
money.In addition, the Bank has worked closely with the Government to
develop specific HIV/AIDS prevention and mitigation measures prior to and
during the construction of the Chad/Cameroon pipeline. This will benefit
communities along the pipeline route which are currently relatively little
affected by HIV/AIDS, and migratory workers who will be involved in the
pipeline construction and who constitute one of the most vulnerable
groups. Due to the Bank's work, the inclusion of HIV/AIDS prevention
measures in the Chad/Cameroon Pipeline Project is a flagship example of
galvanizing government, private sector and Bank partnerships for
anticipating risks on HIV/AIDS and tackling the issue in the framework of
a non-health operation.
-4-



4. Description
The project will support the implementation of the National HIV/AIDS
Strategy. The strategy is based on two major pillars: local responses
(support to rural and urban communities to develop and implement their own
HIV/AIDS action plans) and sector responses (support to various sectors in
the economy to develop and implement sector-specific strategies for
HIV/AIDS). To strengthen the work on local responses and sector responses,
three support functions are included in the Government's strategy:
communication, planning/monitoring and evaluation, and coordination. The
responses developed by local communities and in each of the sectors will
deal with prevention as well as mitigation of the impact of HIV/AIDS.
While the main focus of attention will go to prevention, special attention
will be given to the monitoring of the treatment, care and support
provided to people infected or affected by HIV/AIDS. To this effect, the
Government has committed to the full inclusion of PLWHA in the design and
implementation of local and sector responses, in the planning, monitoring,
and evaluation of the programs, and in policy formulation and control.To
meet the challenge of national coverage - starting with the rapid coverage
of high risk areas and groups and moving on to gradually cover all groups
and areas in the country - the Government has chosen to work through a
multitude of implementing agencies. Not one organization or sector in the
country has the capacity or resources to take on the HIV/AIDS challenge
alone. However, by drawing upon all available capacity (in private and
public sector, among NGOs, civil society, religious groups, traditional
healers' associations, community based organizations, etc.) and resources
(national budget, HIPC resources, donor-funded projects) the Government
hopes to establish the institutions and mechanisms needed to sustain the
effort to address HIV/AIDS over the next ten to fifteen years.Components:
The project will have five components: (a) support to local responses; (b)
support to the health sector response; (c) support to the design and
implementation of sector strategies; (d) capacity building; and (e)
coordination.
(a) Support to local response: The project will support communities'
efforts with regard to prevention and mitigation of the impact of the
HIV/AIDS crisis. Under this component, communities - facilitated by local
sub-contracting agencies and NGOs - elaborate their action plans,
constitute their own HIV/AIDS committees, submit their action plans to the
communal (county) HIV/AIDS committee, open an account, and receive
financial resources directly from the project to assist with the
implementation of their action plans and to match their own contributions
(in cash and/or kind). Strong emphasis is given to the participatory
nature of the development of community action plans, to the inclusion of
all (especially vulnerable) groups in the planning and implementation of
the activities, and to the involvement of PLWHA. As part of the component,
the participatory methodologies - which are already under implementation
in the National Extension and Research Program - will be adapted through
action/research activities to accommodate specific work on HIV/AIDS in
various social settings such as villages, urban neighborhoods, prisons,
unions of truck drivers, commercial sex workers, orphans, street children,
etc.
(b) Support to health sector response: The implementation of specific
targeted health sector interventions geared to HIV/AIDS will be supported
through the program. These include the establishment of testing and
counseling centers, the improvement of blood transfusion safety and the
- 5 -



management of blood banks, the increase in availability of drugs to treat
opportunistic infections, the distribution of equipment and materials for
home care of the sick, the support to private companies' efforts to fight
against HIV/AIDS, the elaboration of a tool kit and the training of
traditional healers and birth attendants on HIV/AIDS prevention and
mitigation, etc.
(c) Support to the design and implementation of sector strategies: Under
this component, support will be provided to focal points in each sector to
design (or continuously improve existing) specific HIV/AIDS strategies.
Targeted sectors include health, communication, transport, defense,
education, agriculture, public works, youth and sport, tourism, women
affairs, etc. The sector focal points will be assisted to elaborate an
action plan for the development of sector strategies. These action plans
will spell out how private enterprises, semi-private organizations and
public administrations will participate in the exercise. The sector
strategies will have to address the challenges of prevention and
mitigation both among the people working in the sector, and among the
public which is being served by the sector. The strategies will also
include sector-specific communication strategies with regard to HIV/AIDS.
Part of the sector strategies will be the funding arrangements for
implementation of the action plans. Funding will have to be sought through
the reallocation of existing public budgets, budgets from private
enterprises, HIPC resources, and retrofitting of existing and new
donor-funded projects.
(d) Capacity building: The project will provide resources to help address
the challenge of rapid capacity building among those in the public sector,
in the private sector, and in civil society who are involved in the fight
against HIV/AIDS. This component will include: training of facilitators in
implementing agencies on methodologies for community participation (in
rural areas, urban neighborhoods, and among special vulnerable groups);
training of HIV/AIDS committee members at communal, provincial and
national level on strategy definition, supervision and budgeting
mechanisms, and control; training of focal points in the various sectors
on the development and implementation of HIV/AIDS strategies; training of
staff in financial institutions on the mechanisms required to ensure
adequate transfer of funds in support of communities' action plans; and
training of managers, field staff, financial management staff, planners,
and controllers on their roles, functions, and job descriptions.
(e) Coordination: The establishment of a relatively small implementation
and coordination unit at the national and provincial levels -Groupe
Technique Central (GTC) and Groupe Technique Provincial (GTP) - will be
supported through this component. This component will also support the
operations of one staff in every commune. In addition, support will be
provided to the operations of HIV/AIDS committees at national, provincial,
and communal levels. The GTC and GTP will be responsible for (i) support
to local responses; (ii) support to sector responses; (iii) monitoring and
evaluation of the entire program, monitoring of support and care for
PLWHA, and epidemiological surveillance; (iv) information, communication,
and education (IEC); and (v) financial management.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
- 6-



Total Project Cost               60
6. Implementation
Project implementation:The project will support the existing national
structures and institutions for the fight against HIV/AIDS and no new
temporary implementation units will be created for the purpose of this
project. The overall responsibility for the implementation of the national
strategy for the fight against HIV/AIDS lays with the National HIV/AIDS
Committee (NHAC) and its decentralized entities at provincial (PHAC),
communal (CHAC), and local (LHAC) level. The HIV/AIDS Committees are
responsible for the strategy definition, the approval of annual work plans
and budgets, and the supervision of the implementation of the strategies
at their respective levels.To ensure proper implementation, the HIV/AIDS
Committees are supported by technical units. At the national level, the
NHAC implements its strategy through the Groupe Technique Central (GTC).
At the provincial level, the PHAC works through the Groupe Technique
Provincial (GTP), and at the communal level, the CHAC is assisted by a
Correspondant Communal (CC). The staff in the GTC, GTP, and CC work on a
full time basis.The Groupe Technique Central (GTC) is managed by a
Permanent Secretary and is composed of five sections: (i) a section for
support to local responses; (ii) a section for support to sector
responses; (iii) an operational section, responsible for monitoring and
evaluation of the entire program, monitoring of support and care for
PLWHA, and epidemiological surveillance; (iv) a section responsible for
information, communication, and education (IEC); and (v) a financial
management section. The Groupe Technique Provincial (GTP) is managed by a
provincial manager and comprises the same sections as the GTC. Several
aspects of the program implementation will be sub-contracted. These
include:- Facilitation of community participation processes: At the
beginning of program implementation, the PHAC/GTP will identify all
organizations in the province who have capacity to facilitate
participation processes at the community level. Annual contracts will be
established between the PHAC/GTP and these organizations to specify which
organization will be responsible for facilitation of participatory
processes in which areas. The contract will also stipulate the financial
and technical support the sub-contracting agencies will receive from the
project to carry out their assignment. The sub-contracting agencies' field
work will be supervised by the PHAC/GTP.- Communication strategy: The
design and implementation of NHAC/GTC's communication strategies, which
constitutes one of the key tools in the fight against HIV/AIDS, will be
sub-contracted. Initially, the GTC will recruit a specialized agency to
develop an appropriate communication strategy. Depending on the features
of the strategy, one or more agencies will be contracted to implement
(aspects of) the strategy. Within the GTC, the section responsible for IEC
will ensure supervision of the sub-contractors.- Accounting and transfer
of funds: The GTC will have the overall responsibility for the financial
management of the program, but will execute this financial management
through private firms. To maximize efficiency, the accounting of the
program, the transfer of funds to communities, and the preparation of
documentation to be submitted to the CAA for the replenishment of the
special accounts will be contracted out. - Epidemiological and behavioral
surveys: While the operational section of the GTC is responsible for the
implementation of the epidemiological and behavioral surveys and for the
timely production of reports, the actual surveys will be sub-contracted.
By doing so, the GTC hopes to gain in efficiency, and to avoid having to
- 7-



recruit an important number of staff to carry out these surveys.The
development of the sector specific HIV/AIDS strategies will be implemented
by focal points in the respective sectors. To ensure ownership of the
sector strategies by the various actors in each sector (private companies,
public administrations, civil society, and the public at large), the focal
points will remain employed by their respective sector organizations. The
focal points will establish work plans in conjunction with representatives
from all partners in the sector to elaborate the sector specific
strategies. The relationship between the focal points and the GTC will not
be hierarchical, but will be one of coaching and support: the GTC will
provide technical guidance to ensure that the strategies are sound and to
avoid duplication between the various sector strategies. The NHAC/GTC will
also finance the activities that will be carried out to develop the sector
strategies. However, the financing of the implementation of the sector
strategies will be assured through HIPC, through reallocations in the
existing sector budgets, and through reallocation within donor-funded
projects.Project supervision, reporting, and audit requirements:The
Program Implementation Manual (PIM) will delineate processes and
responsibilities for general management, procurement activities, and
financial management and control, including Terms of Reference for
internal and external audits acceptable to IDA. The PIM, which will be
submitted to IDA for its approval, will be finalized no later than April
16, 2001 (three months after the Credit has been approved by IDA's
Board). The adoption of the PIM is a condition for Credit effectiveness.
As the proposed implementation arrangements are partially based on
experience in other countries, the adaptation of these will need to be
seen as a continuous process responding to local circumstances.
Consequently, the PIM will be reviewed and amended by mutual agreement
with IDA as and when needed, with the first revised PIM being issued
before January 31, 2002. In order for implementation to proceed without
having to wait for the preparation of the PIM, Interim Program
Implementation Procedures (IPIP) were developed during preparation. The
IPIP will first be reviewed during the launching workshop which will take
place before February 28, 2001. All parties involved in the implementation
of the different components of the project as well as representatives from
beneficiaries will participate in the workshop. The NHAC/GTC will submit
to IDA an annual work program and on this basis will submit quarterly
progress reports on achievements and problems. Similarly, it will obtain
annual work programs and quarterly progress reports from all implementing
agencies. The PIM will further elaborate on reporting requirements.
Financial audits for all accounts and components will be carried out
annually in accordance with Bank Guidelines. Financial audits will be
submitted to the Commission Mixte de Suivi and to IDA not later than six
months after the end of each fiscal year. Performance and impact audits as
set out in the PIM will also be carried out to assess the project's
contribution to Cameroon's HIV/AIDS program. In addition to the mandatory
annual audit exercises, any of the members of the Commission Mixte de
Suivi can order at any time an audit or examination of any complaint
received by the Commission Mixte de Suivi about the implementation of the
program or about the use of the resources.IDA's supervision of the project
will need to be full-time and staff-intensive, given the
"learning-by-doing" concept used for the project design. This will be
especially important prior to Credit effectiveness as a host of activities
must be undertaken to maximize implementation in the four years of the
project. In the first project year, IDA staff will have to take active
- 8 -



part in the project launch and PIM review workshops, the workshop to
review implementation progress toward the end of the year, and workshops
on project implementation experience (preferably to take place at the
provincial level). To be able to make effective contributions during the
various workshops, IDA staff will have to focus on field visits to
supervise the start-up of the program on the ground. The supervision needs
for the following three years are unlikely to diminish, as the
community-level program will see rapid expansion each year. On an annual
basis, workshops will be organized to discuss experience and to scale up
best practices. Supervision support from the Country Office will include
close monitoring by the financial management specialist, the procurement
specialist, and the disbursement specialist. Procurement procedures:The
above implementation arrangements will be supported by procurement
procedures that take into account the urgency of the project as well as
the nature of the participating institutions. Procurement for all
IDA-financed activities will be carried out in accordance with the Bank's
Guidelines: Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits (January 1995
and revised in January and August 1996, September 1997, and January 1999),
in particular Section 3.15, Community Participation in Procurement.
Consulting services by firms, organizations, or individuals financed by
IDA will be contracted in accordance with the Bank's Guidelines:
Selection and Employment of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers (January
1997, revised in September 1997 and January 1999). With respect to the
support to local responses, the Bank's simplified Procurement and
Disbursement Procedures for Community-Based Investments will be used. To
facilitate speedy import of items valued at less than US$100,000
equivalent required urgently for diagnosis/treatment and institutional
strengthening, contracts may be made based on international shopping and
national shopping procedures, respectively, per IDA Procurement Guidelines
(Clauses 3.5 and 3.6), provided contract awards are made within 12 months
of the Credit effectiveness date. International procurement will also take
place through procurement from the United Nations (i.e. IAPSO). Given the
urgency of the project, a wide-ranging General Procurement Notice (GPN)
for the first year of operations will be placed on the United Nations
Development Business web site without a need for hard-copy publication.
The Borrower will prepare a procurement plan for the first year of project
operations to be included in the PIM. The plan will include relevant
information on goods, works, and consulting services under the project as
well as the timing of each milestone in the procurement process. The
procurement schedule will be updated every quarter and reviewed by IDA.
Procurement performance (including community based procurement activities)
will be assessed on an annual basis (in the form of procurement/physical
audits by an external agency). In addition to the formal annual audits,
ad-hoc procurement reviews will be conducted periodically. Details of
procurement arrangements are provided in Attachment 6. Financial
management: The project will have an adequate financial management system
in place by Credit effectiveness. Appropriate safeguards will be included
in the design of the financial management system; these safeguards include
the appointment of an internationally qualified Financial Manager, the
sub-contracting of accounting to a specialized private company, the direct
transfer of funds to communities, the direct payment from PHAC/GTP to
sub-contracting agencies responsible for the support to local communities,
and close links between and analysis of financial and physical progress
reports.Not all executing entities (e.g., sectoral focal points, GTC,
etc.) have established financial management systems adequate for the
-9-



project's demands. Before disbursing funds to these entities, the
NHAC/GTC will need to confirm that appropriate financial management
systems are in place, including the opening of project bank accounts and
employment of qualified accounts staff.A detailed assessment of the
financial management and internal control systems is presented in
Attachment 6.Disbursement procedures:Timely procurement is only efficient
if it is accompanied by timely disbursements. In the case of
community-managed sub-projects, pre-financing of expenditures is essential
as communities are unlikely to start contracting without the assurance of
funds. Also at the national or central level, traditional methods of
disbursement and the use of the Special Account pre-financing mechanism
has to reckon with the need to open letters of credit (LC) for virtually
all imports, which then leads to Special Account funds being deposited
with the issuing bank as a substitute for IDA special commitments (which
are not issued for sums below the procurement prior review threshold).
These funds cannot be replenished until the LCs are cashed, which can take
more than six months. In addition, when a significant amount of the
Credit is used to pre-finance project activities through advances to the
local currency project accounts of implementing agencies, the standard
90-day turnaround time for documentation of expenditures against advances
can rarely be met. Therefore, the authorized allocation for the Special
Account based on a standard four-month cash flow is in most cases not
sufficient. Thus, under this Credit the estimated IDA financing for the
first four months of project implementation will be disbursed into two
Special Accounts in a commercial bank acceptable to IDA. Both Special
Accounts will be operated by the Caisse Autonome d'Amortissement.All
disbursements against expenditures originating from local currency project
accounts will be made against statements of expenditure (SOEs). All
procurement contracts not subject to IDA prior review will be disbursed
against SOEs and documentation will be retained by the respective
administrations and made available for review by IDA financial management
and procurement specialists and project financial and procurement
auditors. Expenditures by communities will be subject to simplified
accounting procedures, review of interim reports, and random ex-post
financial, physical, and technical audit to be carried out by financial
and technical consultants employed by the NHAC/GTC and PHAC/GTP.
7. Sustainability
Given the very low probability that an HIV/AIDS vaccine would be developed
in the near future, and given the rampaging spread of the HIV/AIDS crisis
in Cameroon, it is a near certainty that Cameroon will have to address the
issue of prevention and mitigation of the HIV/AIDS crisis over at least
the next ten to fifteen years. Apart from the humanitarian dimension -
close to one million people in Cameroon are already infected with the
virus and (even under the most optimistic program implementation scenario)
several hundreds of thousands are likely to be added to this number -
coping with HIV/AIDS is a prerequisite to safeguard any economic or social
progress the country has made in the past and will make in the future.The
design of the program is made in such a way that the efforts which are
being deployed now can be sustained over a ten to fifteen year period.
Specifically, this has implications for the allocation of budgetary
resources and the remuneration of staff. With regard to budgetary
resources, a conscious decision has been made to use the proposed program
as a leverage tool to mobilize additional resources within the budgets of
various sectors, and in donor-funded projects. Thus, the sustainability of
- 10 -



the effort is increased by spreading the budgetary burden over a larger
number of sources of financing. With regard to the remuneration of staff,
the Government has decided to provide only such compensation which can be
sustained over a longer period of time. The litmus test for the
sustainability of the program will lay with the quality of the field and
sector work. To the extent that the various stakeholders and people in all
different social groups take ownership of the fight against HIV/AIDS,
Cameroon will be able to build up its capacity to deal with the crisis
over an extended period of time. This is one of the reasons why special
attention is being given during the preparation and launching period of
the program to adapt the participatory methodologies which are known from
ongoing community development efforts to the specific HIV/AIDS challenge.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Scaling up to reach national coverage: From experience in Cameroon and
elsewhere, it became clear that the biggest challenge for HIV/AIDS
programs was the scaling up. Like in other countries, several excellent
initiatives on HIV/AIDS exist. However, these initiatives tend to be
fairly small in size and work in an isolated fashion. As a result, only a
small fraction of the needs with regard to supporting the fight against
HIV/AIDS are covered. The strategies for scaling up have been derived from
experience gained through large programs such as the agricultural services
programs in several African countries.Sub-contracting: The experience with
most projects in Cameroon (Health and Nutrition Project, Micro-credit,
Extension and Research, etc.) indicates that the public service alone does
not have the implementation capacity required for this type of operation.
During the design of the Multi-Country HIV/AIDS Program, the preparation
team reached agreement with government on the need to work through a
multitude of implementing agencies, which is also one of the criteria to
qualify for MAP eligibility.Community participation: From experience
throughout Africa, it became clear that information, education and
communication alone do not lead to behavior change in the fight against
HIV/AIDS. However, when community participation methodologies are being
used, a change in behavior can be seen. These findings were extensively
discussed and documented by delegations from eighteen African countries
during a workshop on community participation and HIV/AIDS which was
organized in Mwanza, Tanzania in June 2000. Several experiences - among
others TANESA (Tanzania), Gaoua (Burkina Faso), Abengourou (Ivory Coast)
and others - have adequately demonstrated that behavior change can be
reached through participatory approaches to the development of local
responses. These findings have been at the basis of the design of the
local response component of the proposed program.Transfer of resources to
communities: The experience with social funds and community based
operations illustrates clearly the gains in efficiency and effectiveness
of micro-projects if communities are given direct access to the financial
resources. The proposed design of this operation builds upon the lessons
from the community based development operations and features the direct
transfer of financial resources to communities. This seems especially
appropriate in the Cameroonian context where the high degree of
centralization of budget allocation decisions, and the tedious character
of transfer of resources to the front line are specific constraints that
need to be overcome.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
- 11 -



10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :   The handling and disposal of HIV/AIDS infected
materials is the most significant environmental issue in the context of
this program. In many countries, the inappropriate handling of HIV/AIDS
infected materials constitute a risk not only for the staff in hospitals
and in municipalities who are involved in waste handling, but also for
families and street children who scavenge on dump sites. Some aspects of
project implementation (e.g. the establishment of testing clinics, the
purchasing of equipment by communities for home care of the sick, etc.)
can constitute an increase in the environmental risk with regard to the
handling of HIV/AIDS infected waste.The examination on the current
practices with regard to the handling of hospital waste will verify both
the management of waste within the hospitals and the management of waste
by municipal authorities once it has left the hospital. It will also look
into the level of knowledge among staff (hospital orderlies, municipal
managers and workers) about the practices to be adopted, and into the
availability of equipment such as incinerators to deal with this type of
waste.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Jan Aime E. Weetjens
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 458 1683
Fax:   (202) 477 0515
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 12 -



