Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2266 SE
          (Transport Sector Adjustment/Investment Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 22, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2266 SE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 22, 1991, between  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter, dated June
25, 1990, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designated to improve the efficiency of the
Borrower's transport sector (hereinafter called the Program) and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having committed itself to the execution
of the Program and having satisfied itself as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement,
has requested the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project and of urgently needed imports required during the execution
of the Program;
      (C)   the Borrower has contracted, or intends to contract,
from United Nations Development Program, European Development Fund,
African Development Bank, West African Development Bank, Islamic
Development Bank, West African Development Fund, Agency for Air
Page  2
Navigation Safety, the Government of Italy, Canadian International
Development Association, Caisse Centrale de Cooperation Economique
and Fonds d'Aide et de Cooperation loans to assist in financing the
Project;
      (D)   The Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
Finland Development Agency (FINNIDA) a credit in an amount of
Finnish Marks (FMKs 20,000,000) (the FINNIDA Credit) to assist in
the financing of the Program on the terms and conditions set forth
in a bilateral agreement (the FINNIDA Credit Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and FINNIDA;
      (E)   Part of the Project will be carried out by Societe
Nationale de Chemins de Fer du Senegal (SNCS) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to SNCS part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in
this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and SNCS;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Project and the Program referred to in
      the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement, the
      performance by the Borrower and the Association of their
      respective obligations under the Development Credit Agreement
      and the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (b)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classi-
fication, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986);
      (b)   "CFAF" and "CFA Francs" mean the currency of the
Borrower;
      (c)   "Special Accounts, Special Account A, Special Account B"
mean the accounts referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "METL" means the Borrower's Ministry of Equipment
Transport and Housing;
      (e)   "DTP" means the Directorate of Public Works within METL;
      (f)   "BERM" means the Bureau of Road Maintenance and
Equipment within METL;
Page  3
      (g)   "DTT" means the Directorate of Land Transport within
METL;
      (h)   "CPTP" means the Public Works Training Center within
METL;
      (i)   "SNCS" means the Societe Nationale de Chemins de Fer du
Senegal, a societe nationale, established under the laws of Senegal;
      (j)   "PAD" means the Societe Nationale du Port Autonome de
Dakar, a societe nationale, established under the laws of Senegal;
      (k)   "ASECNA Senegal" means the agency established by the
Agency for Air Navigation Safety for the operations in Senegal,
carried out under Art. 10 of the Convention de Dakar, dated October
25, 1974;
      (l)   "AIR SENEGAL" means the Societe Nationale de Transport
Aerien (SONATRA AIR SENEGAL);
      (m)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SNCS pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time;
      (n)   "PAD Implementation Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into by the Borrower and PAD in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (o)   "ASECNA Implementation Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into by the Borrower and ASECNA Senegal in accordance
with the provisions of Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement;
      (p)   "AIR SENEGAL Implementation Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into by the Borrower and AIR SENEGAL in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01 (e) of this
Agreement;
      (q)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated October 4, 1986 and
April 15, 1987, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (r)   "FY" means the fiscal year of the Borrower: (i) starting
on July 1, 1991 and ending on December 31, 1992 in the case of
fiscal year 1992; and (ii) starting on January 1 and ending on
December 30 thereafter;
      (s)   "Road Management Bureau" means the unit to be
established in accordance with paragraph 3 of Schedule 6 to this
Agreement; and
      (t)   "FINNIDA Credit Account" means the account established
by FINNIDA for the purposes of the FINNIDA Credit.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to forty-nine million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 49,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit and the FINNIDA
Credit may be withdrawn from the Credit Account and the FINNIDA
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of: (i)
goods and services required for the activities described in Sched-
ule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit; and (ii) goods imported during the execution of the
Page  4
Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
FINNIDA Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in CFAF two special deposit accounts: one in its
Central Bank (Special Account A) and the other in a commercial bank
(Special Account B) on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15
commencing October 15, 2001 and ending April 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on April 15,
2011 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consi-
deration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
Page  5
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall: (i) carry out Parts A and E of the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices and in
accordance with such technical norms as shall be acceptable to the
Association; (ii) cause SNCS to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of SNCS
therein set forth, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such performance; (iii)
cause PAD, ASECNA Senegal and AIR SENEGAL to carry out Parts C, D.1
and D.2, respectively, in accordance with the PAD Implementation
Agreement, the ASECNA Implementation Agreement and the AIR SENEGAL
Implementation Agreement, respectively; and (iv) shall take and
cause to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make available to SNCS part of the
proceeds of the Credit to SNCS under a subsidiary loan agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and SNCS, under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association and
which shall include that: (i) the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn
from Category (2) (a) of the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 be
onlent with a repayment period of 16 years following a grace period
of 4 years and an interest rate of 8% per annum; and (ii) the
proceeds withdrawn from Category (3) (b) be made available as a
grant.
      (c)   For the purpose of carrying out Part C of the Project,
the Borrower shall enter in an agreement with PAD (the PAD
Implementation Agreement) under terms and conditions, which shall
have been approved by the Association which shall include the making
available by the Borrower to PAD of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from Category (3) (c) as a grant.
      (d)   For the purpose of carrying out Part D.1 and Part D.2
(b) of the Project, the Borrower shall enter in an agreement with
ASECNA Senegal (the ASECNA Implementation Agreement) under terms and
conditions, which shall have been approved by the Association which
shall include the making available by the Borrower to ASECNA Senegal
of the proceeds withdrawn from Category (3) (d) as a grant.
      (e)   For the purpose of carrying out Part D.2 (a) of the
Page  6
Project, the Borrower shall enter in an agreement with AIR SENEGAL
(the AIR SENEGAL Implementation Agreement) under terms and
conditions, which shall have been approved by the Association which
shall include the making available by the Borrower to AIR SENEGAL of
the proceeds withdrawn from Category (3) (e) as a grant.
      (f)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the PAD Implementation Agreement, the
ASECNA Implementation Agreement and the AIR SENEGAL Implementation
Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower
and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit,
and except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, the PAD Implementation Agreement, the ASECNA
Implementation Agreement and the AIR SENEGAL Implementation
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (g)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Part A of the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
B of the Project shall be carried out by SNCS pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.05. By October 31, 1991, the Borrower shall submit
to the Association for review a report on personnel management
policies of DTP.
      Section 3.06. By October 31 of each year during execution of
the Project, the Borrower shall submit to the Association the report
on the progress made and future objectives to be attained regarding
the program for scrapping uneconomic equipment of DTP.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall take all necessary actions to
ensure that:
      (a)   60% of total routine maintenance works shall be carried
out by contractors during FY 1994;
      (b)   75% of total routine maintenance works shall be carried
out by contractors during FY 1995; and
      (c)   adequate funds will be made available for road
maintenance in accordance with the mechanism referred to in Section
6.01 (d) of this Agreement.
      Section 3.08. Before creation of any urban transport authority
for the region of Dakar, the Borrower shall submit to the
Association for comment and approval a description of the proposed
responsibilities of such authority.
Page  7
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts A and C through E of the Project of
the departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying
out Parts A and C through E of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account or the FINNIDA Credit Account was made,
                  all records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall cause PAD, ASECNA Senegal
and AIR SENEGAL to maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect
in accordance with sound accounting practices the operations and
financial condition of PAD, ASECNA Senegal and AIR SENEGAL.
      (b)  The Borrower shall cause PAD, ASECNA Senegal and AIR
SENEGAL:
            (i)   to have the records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
Page  8
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   to furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six
                  months after the end of each such year: (A)
                  certified copies of its financial statements for
                  such year as so audited; and (B) the report of
                  such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Association shall have
                  reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   to furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning such records, accounts,
                  financial statements and the audit thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   SNCS shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that SNCS will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   The legislative and regulatory texts concerning SNCS
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect materially and adversely the ability of SNCS to perform
any of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of SNCS, PAD, ASECNA Senegal or AIR SENEGAL or for the suspension of
their operations.
      (e)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any of the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and SNCS;
Page  9
      (b)   the Implementation Agreements have been executed on
behalf of the Borrower on the one side, and on behalf of PAD, ASECNA
Senegal and AIR SENEGAL, respectively, on the other;
      (c)   the Borrower has appointed an overall Project
coordinator with qualifications and experience, acceptable to the
Association;
      (d)   the Borrower has made adequate allocations in its FY1991
budget for road maintenance, has published an arrcte instituting a
mechanism for the timely provision of funds for road maintenance
under terms acceptable to the Association, has opened an account in
a commercial bank for the purpose of advancing funds exclusively for
the purpose of road maintenance and has deposited into such account
an initial amount of at least 350 million CFAF;
      (e)   the Borrower has published an arrcte specifying the
organizational responsibility for contracting and supervision of
periodic and routine maintenance works, acceptable to the
Association;
      (f)   the overall tariffs of SNCS have been increased to
levels acceptable to the Association;
      (g)   the financial restructuring of SNCS has been implemented
and is acceptable to the Association;
      (h)   the Borrower has signed contrat-plans with SNCS, PAD and
AIR SENEGAL, respectively acceptable to the Association, and such
contrat-plans became effective; and
      (i)   the Borrower has furnished to the Association for review
model contracts for the different types of routine road maintenance
works to be carried out under the Project by contractors.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by SNCS, and is legally binding upon SNCS in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and SNCS and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and SNCS in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister responsible for finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
            Ministcre de l'Economie et des Finances
            Rue Charles Laine
            B.P. 4017
            Dakar
            Senegal
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  10
                  MINIFINANCES              3203G
                  Dakar
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                  By /s/ Ibra Degucne KA
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the FINNIDA Credit,
the allocation of the amounts of the Credit and the FINNIDA Credit
to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to
be financed in each Category:
                          Amount of   Amount of
                          the Credit  the FINNIDA
                          Allocated     Credit          % of
                          (Expressed   Allocated      Expendi-
                            in SDR    (Expressed      tures to
      Category           Equivalent)    in FMKs)    be Financed
(1) (a) Road rehabil-    17,300,000                 67%
        itation and
        periodic
        maintenance
        works under
        Part A of
        the Project
    (b) Office reha-        460,000                 45%
        bilitation
        works under
        Part A of
        the Project
Page  11
    (c) Office equip-       600,000                 65%
        ment, didactic
        equipment and
        spare parts
        for Part A of
        the Project
                           Amount of   Amount of
                          the Credit  the FINNIDA
                          Allocated     Credit          % of
                          (Expressed   Allocated      Expendi-
                            in SDR    (Expressed      tures to
      Category           Equivalent)    in FMKs)    be Financed
(2) (a) Materials         2,700,000                 85%
        and equip-
        ment for rail-
        way track
        rehabili-
        tation
    (b) Office and          400,000                 65%
        teaching
        equipment
        under Part B
        of the
        Project
(3) Consultants'
    services and
    training under:
    (a) Part A.3          6,500,000                 80%
        of the
        Project
    (b) Part B.5          1,150,000                 80%
        of the
        Project
    (c) Part C.3 and        460,000                 80%
        C.4 of the
        Project
    (d) Part D.2 (b)        315,000                 80%
        of the
        Project
    (e) Part D.2 (a)        315,000                 80%
        of the
        Project
                           Amount of   Amount of
                          the Credit  the FINNIDA
                          Allocated     Credit          % of
                          (Expressed   Allocated      Expendi-
                            in SDR    (Expressed      tures to
      Category           Equivalent)    in FMKs)    be Financed
(4) Project                 500,000                 80%
    Coordination
    Unit (2
    vehicles,
    office equip-
    ment, salaries
    and travel
    allowances)
(5) Goods imported       11,500,000   20,000,000    100% of
    during the                                      foreign
    execution of                                    expenditures
Page  12
    the Program
(6) Refunding             1,200,000                 Amount due
    of Project                                      pursuant to
    Preparation                                     Section 2.02
    Advance                                         (c) of this
                                                    Agreement
(7) Unallocated           6,500,000
                         __________   __________
        TOTAL            49,900,000   20,000,000
                         ==========   ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made:
      (a)   in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to
the date of this Agreement except that withdrawals: (i) in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR 2,500,000, may
be made in respect of Categories (2) (a), (3) (b), (3) (c) and (3)
(e) an account of payments made for expenditures before that date
but after October 1, 1989; and (ii) in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 1,500,000, may be made in respect of
Category (5) on account of payments made for expenditures before
that date but after October 1, 1990;
      (b)   in respect of payments made for expenditures in respect
of Category 5 to be financed out of the proceeds of the FINNIDA
Credit unless all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
FINNIDA Credit Agreement have been fulfilled;
      (c)   in respect of payments made for expenditures in respect
of Category (1) unless the Borrower has adopted statutes for CPTP
acceptable to the Association; and
      (d)   under Category (5) for:
            (i)   expenditures for goods included in the following
                  SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
                  groups or sub-groups under future revisions to
                  the SITC, as designated by the Association by
                  notice to the Borrower:
Group       Sub-group               Description of Items
112               -                 Alcoholic beverages
121               -                 Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                                    tobacco refuse
122               -                 Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco sub-
                                    stitutes)
525               -                 Radioactive and associated
                                    mate-rials
667               -                 Pearls, precious and semi-
                                    precious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
718         718.7                   Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements (car-
                                    tridges), non-irradiated for
                                    nuclear reactors
Group       Sub-group               Description of Items
Page  13
897         897.3                   Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                    platinum group metals (except
                                    watches and watch cases) and
                                    goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
971         -                       Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
           (ii)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts
                  costing less than $5,000 equivalent;
          (iii)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract
                  which any national or international financing
                  institution or agency other than the Association
                  shall have financed or agreed to finance;
           (iv)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
                  para-military purpose or for luxury consumption;
                  and
            (v)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
                  equivalent to SDR 2,300,000 for petroleum
                  products and 2,300,000 for foodstuffs.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of Category (5):
      (a)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account under Category (5) of paragraph 1
above, and the total amount of such commitments shall have reached
the equivalent of SDR 1,500,000 unless the Association shall be
satisfied, after the exchange of views as described in Section 3.02
(a) of this Agreement: (i) with the progress achieved by the
Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (ii) that the actions
described in Part A of Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been taken
and are satisfactory to the Association; and (iii) that the macro-
economic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with the
objectives of the Program; and
      (b)   after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from the Credit Account under Category (5) of paragraph 1
above, and the total amount of such commitments shall have reached
the equivalent of SDR 6,500,000 unless the Association shall be
satisfied, after the exchange of views as described in Section 3.02
(a) of this Agreement: (i) with the progress achieved by the
Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (ii) that the actions
described in Part B of Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been taken
and are satisfactory to the Association; and (iii) that the macro-
economic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with the
objectives of the Program.
5.    If, after any exchange of views described in paragraph 4 (a)
or (b) above, the Association shall have given notice to the
Borrower that the progress achieved and actions taken are not
satisfactory and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower
shall not have achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to
the Association, then the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
Category (5) of paragraph 1 above or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in
improving sectoral efficiency and rehabilitating and maintaining
essential transport infrastructure.
Page  14
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Road Sub-Sector
1.    Strengthening of about 860 km of paved roads, periodic
maintenance of about 2,065 km of paved roads and about 1,300 km of
gravel roads, and routine maintenance of about 9,000 km of the
priority network.
2.    Acquisition of light vehicles, acquisition of traffic counting
equipment, measuring equipment for supervision of road maintenance
works, computing and office equipment for DTP and DTT and training
aids and rehabilitation of equipment for CPTP.
3.    Setting up the Road Management Bureau to strengthen DTP
capacity in road network management, strengthening BERM in periodic
and routine maintenance management procedures, strengthening DTT in
modernizing road transport administration and road safety improve-
ment, and strengthening CPTP in developing and delivering training
programs designed to increase capabilities in programming, con-
tracting, and supervision of works in DTP, and capabilities for
works execution by small and medium contractors.
4.    Rehabilitation of DTT office facilities and CPTP offices and
classrooms.
Part B:     Railway Sub-sector
1.    (a)   Track renewal on the Thics-Tivavouane (22 km) section.
      (b)   Repair of the main line track from Tambacounda to Kidira
(180 km).
      (c)   Track renewal on the section between Pk 271 and
Tambacounda.
      (d)   Track renewal (including points, turn outs, and
signalling over about 1.5 km) of the 2 main tracks of the Dakar
passenger station outlet.
      (e)   Installation of a multi-pair cable on the Thics-
Tivavouane section.
      (f)   Installation of a ground train radio link system on the
Thics-Tambacounda section.
      (g)   Maintenance of the track network and signals by
contractors.
2.    (a)   Acquisition of spare parts needed for the overhaul of
locos.
      (b)   Installation of an under-floor wheel reshaping lathe.
      (c)   Rehabilitation of the Dakar depot in charge of
maintenance of locos.
      (d)   Acquisition and installation of a 100-ton rail crane.
      (e)   Acquisition of 25 second hand wagons.
3.    (a)   Construction of a loop and a service station in the Bel
Air marshalling yard.
      (b)   Construction of marshalling facilities in Thics.
      (c)   Installation of automatic weighing machines at the south
and north outlet of the port of Dakar.
      (d)   Rehabilitation of selected train station buildings.
Page  15
      (e)   Construction of wells for drinking water supply of
selected train stations.
      (f)   Adaptation of existing buildings for the purposes of a
training center.
4.    Acquisition of computers, furniture, tools and didactic
equipment for the training center.
5.    (a)   Upgrading of the course lecture notes in the technical
areas and training of trainers of SNCS.
      (b)   Strengthening of the capacity of SNCS's management in
operation, marketing, cost accounting and information services.
      (c)   Scholarships for management level staff to attend short-
term management courses and seminars.
Part C:     Port Sub-Subsector
1.    (a)   Improvement of rail and road access to the container
terminal, and provision of fill surfaces to provide for additional
space for storage in the port of Dakar.
      (b)   Minor rehabilitation works of aprons and roads within
the port of Dakar and demolition of storage sheds.
      (c)   Major rehabilitation of the utility networks (water,
electricity and telecommunications) in the port of Dakar.
2.    Renewal of 2 pilot launches and 1 berth launch, acquisition of
service vehicles, fire detection and firefighting equipment, tools
and spare parts.
3.    (a)   Implementation of a long-term development plan for data
processing systems including provision of computer equipment and
specialized software programs.
      (b)   Reorganization of PAD maintenance activities.
      (c)   Establishment of a rehabilitation program for buildings,
civil works, and equipment.
      (d)   Improvement of PAD manpower planning and development.
      (e)   Training of senior management of PAD.
4.    (a)   A master plan study for the long-term development of the
port of Dakar.
      (b)   A study on the future role of the secondary ports. 
Part D:    Civil Aviation Subsector
1.    (a)   Lengthening, widening and strengthening of the runway of
the regional airport of Cap Skirring.
      (b)   Lengthening and strengthening of the runway and aircraft
maneuvering areas of the regional airport of Ziguinchor.
      (c)   Rehabilitation of the runway 04-22 for the use of
smaller aircraft at the airport of Dakar-Yoff.
      (d)   Acquisition and installation of new baggage handling
equipment at the airport of Dakar-Yoff.
      (e)   Acquisition of firefighting vehicles and materials for
selected regional airports.
      (f)   Acquisition and installation of electronic aids and
communications equipment to replace deficient existing navigation
aids in selected regional airfields.
Page  16
      (g)   Acquisition and installation of electricity generating
equipment for the operation of equipment under Part D.1 (f) above.
2.    (a)   Preparation of an action plan for financial and
operational rehabiliation of AIR SENEGAL and a study to analyze and
make recommendations with respect to the most suitable aircraft
fleet for AIR SENEGAL based on a realistic market assessment.
      (b)   A study to examine airport management and ASECNA
Senegal's financial, budgeting and management structure, preparation
of an action plan for their improvement, and implementation thereof.
Part E:     General Imports
      Urgently needed imports required during the execution of the
Program.
                           *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works for Part A through D of
            the Project
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for the works included in Part A of the Project shall
be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Senegal may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$2,500,000, up to an aggregate of $13,000,000 equivalent, and goods
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $200,000, up to an
aggregate of $500,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than $60,000, up to an aggregate
of $2,000,000, equivalent may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.    Spare parts and accessories, which are of proprietary nature,
may be purchased, upon approval by the Association and up to an
aggregate of $1,500,000, directly from the sole producer or
distributors of any such spare part or accessories.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
Page  17
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Accounts, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Accounts in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Accounts, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist in carrying out the Project, consultants
shall be employed whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
Section III. Procurement of Goods not covered under Section I of
             this Schedule
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international cir-
                  culation; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
Page  18
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines;
and
      (c)   by any purchasers, for the supply of commodities on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained from more
than one supplier.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Section, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Accounts, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of
this Section, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of a Special Account, the documentation and the information
to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions of
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
5.  The provisions of the preceding paragraph 4 of this Section
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 4
          Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b) and (c)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
Part A:     For the purpose of second tranche release
1.    The Borrower has provided satisfactory evidence that the funds
allocated for road maintenance in the Finance Law 1992 have actually
been used for that purpose, has made adequate allocations in its FY
Page  19
1993 budget for road maintenance and has deposited an adequate
amount into the account in accordance with Section 6.01 (d) of this
Agreement.
2.    The Borrower has provided evidence satisfactory to the
Association, establishing that:
      (a)   all periodic maintenance works and 20% of all routine
maintenance works in the road sub-sector have been carried out by
contractors; and
      (b)   payment delays of the Borrower vis-
-vis such
contractors do not exceed three months.
3.    The Borrower and SNCS are in compliance with their respective
obligations under the SNCS contrat-plan.
4.    The Borrower and PAD are in compliance with their respective
obligations under the PAD contrat-plan.
5.    PAD has revised its tariff structure in a manner satisfactory
to the Association.
6.    The Borrower and AIR SENEGAL are in compliance with their
respective obligations under the AIR SENEGAL contrat-plan.
Part B:     For the purpose of third tranche release
1.    The Borrower has provided satisfactory evidence that the funds
allocated in the Finance Law 1993 for road maintenance have actually
been used for that purpose, has made adequate allocations in its FY
1994 budget for road maintenance and has deposited an adequate
amount into the account in accordance with Section 6.01 (d) of this
Agreement.
2.    The Borrower has provided evidence satisfactory to the
Association, establishing that:
      (a)   all periodic maintenance works and 50% of all routine
maintenance works in the road sub-sector have been carried out by
contractors; and
      (b)   payment delays of the Borrower vis-
-vis such
contractors do not exceed three months.
3.    The Borrower and SNCS are in compliance with their respective
obligations under the SNCS contrat-plan.
4.    The Borrower and PAD are in compliance with their respective
obligations under the PAD contrat-plan.
5.    The Borrower and AIR SENEGAL are in compliance with their
respective obligations under the AIR SENEGAL contrat-plan.
6.    An action plan for financial and operational rehabilitation of
ASECNA Senegal has been prepared and ASECNA Senegal has started its
implementation.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Category (5), in
the case of Special Account A and Categories (1) through (3) in the
case of Special Account B, as set forth in the table in paragraph 1
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
Page  20
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Category in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to CFAF 600,000,000 in the case of Special Account A and
an amount equivalent to CFAF 150,000,000 in the case of Special
Account B, to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited
into the Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Accounts have been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Accounts shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the respective Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Accounts, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Accounts
                  at such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the respective Special Account such amount as the
                  Borrower shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of the respective Special
                  Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of any Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Accounts:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
Page  21
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Accounts as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of any Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the respective Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into
the Special Accounts shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Accounts.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                      Implementation Program
Project Coordination
1.    During execution of the Project the Borrower shall employ, at
all times, an overall project coordinator within METL with adequate
qualifications and experience, responsible for liaison with co-
donors, and support of executing agencies in procurement, disburse-
ement, documentation and reporting.
2.    By September 30, 1991, the Borrower shall establish, and
thereafter maintain, a project coordination unit to assist the
project coordinator with terms of reference acceptable to the
Association.
Road Management Bureau
3.    By December 31, 1991, the Borrower shall establish, and
thereafter maintain, the Road Management Bureau with a mandate
satisfactory to the Association.
DTT Staffing
4.    By October 31, 1991, the Borrower shall appoint division
chiefs for all divisions within DTT, with experience and
qualifications acceptable to the Association.
Annual Work Programs
Page  22
5.    (a)   By July 31 of each year during execution of the Project,
the Borrower shall submit to the Association an annual work program
specifying all activities to be carried out under Part A of the
Project; such annual work programs to be of such scope and in such
detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
      (b)   By August 31 of each year during execution of the
Project, the Borrower shall submit to the Association a report on
the execution of the annual work program carried out during the
preceding year; such report to include all works carried out to
assist collectivites publiques.
6.   The Borrower shall take all necessary measures to ensure that
all works carried out to assist collectivites publiques:
            (i)   shall be carried out by a special brigade; and
           (ii)   shall not exceed, during any FY of execution of
                  the Project, the aggregate of 200 million CFAF.
Periodic Road Maintenance
7.    The Borrower shall apply a methodology, acceptable to the
Association, for the evaluation and selection of maintenance
operations under the Project.
Routine Maintenance
8.    The Borrower shall select routine maintenance operations to be
carried out under the Project in accordance with priority criteria,
acceptable to the Association.
