Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2266 SE
          (Transport Sector Adjustment/Investment Credit)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
          SOCIETE NATIONALE DE CHEMINS DE FER DU SENEGAL
                        Dated July 22, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2266 SE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 22, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SOCIETE NATIONALE DE
CHEMINS DE FER DU SENEGAL (SNCS).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Senegal (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-nine
million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 49,900,000) on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that SNCS agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SNCS, the proceeds of the credit provided
for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to
SNCS on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS SNCS, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
      "FY" means the fiscal year of SNCS which is the calendar year.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. SNCS declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, commercial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SNCS shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and
Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. SNCS shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, SNCS shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SNCS shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part B of the Project, the performance of its obliga-
tions under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   SNCS shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by SNCS of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of SNCS
      Section 3.01. SNCS shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
commercial and engineering practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. SNCS shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and financial
practices.
      Section 3.03. SNCS shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SNCS shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SNCS shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, SNCS shall maintain, for each FY, a ratio of total working
expenses to total operating revenues not higher than 0.7.
      (b)   Before September 30 during each FY, SNCS shall, on the
basis of forecasts prepared by SNCS and satisfactory to the
Association, ascertain whether it would meet the requirements set
forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such FY and the next following
FY, and shall furnish to the Association the results of such review
upon its completion.
      (c)   If any review shows that SNCS would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for SNCS's FY covered by
such review, SNCS shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its rates) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "total working expenses" means all
                  expenses related to labor, fuel and other
                  materials and services by third parties except
                  those contributing to creation of fixed assets;
                  and
     (ii)   the term "total operating revenues" means revenues from
            all sources related to operations.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
Page  4
agree, the Borrower shall maintain a ratio of current assets to
current liabilities of not less than 0.7 during FY 1991, 0.8 during
FY 1992 and 1 thereafter.
      (b)   Before September 30 during each FY, SNCS shall, on the
basis of forecasts prepared by SNCS and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such FY and the next following FY and
shall furnish to the Association the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that SNCS would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for SNCS's FY covered by
such review, SNCS shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its rates in order to meet such requirements).
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "current assets" means cash, all assets
                  which could in the ordinary course of business be
                  converted into cash within twelve months, in-
                  cluding accounts receivable, marketable securi-
                  ties, inventories and pre-paid expenses properly
                  chargeable to operating expenses within the next
                  FY;
     (ii)   the term "current liabilities" means all liabilities
            which will become due and payable or could under
            circumstances then existing be called for payment within
            twelve months, including accounts payable, customer
            advances, debt service requirements, taxes and payments
            in lieu of taxes, and dividends;
    (iii)   the term "debt service requirements" means the aggregate
            amount of repayments of (including sinking fund
            payments, if any), and interest and other charges on,
            debt; and
     (iv)   whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
            necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the
            Borrower, debt payable in another currency, such
            valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
            lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
            at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
            purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the absence of
            such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable
            to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, SNCS shall not incur any debt, if after the incurrence of
such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall be greater than 45 to
55.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of SNCS
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
     (ii)   debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a loan
            contract or agreement or other instrument providing for
            such debt or for the modification of its terms of
            payment on the date of such contract, agreement or
            instrument; and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
            date the agreement providing for such guarantee has been
            entered into;
    (iii)   the term "equity" means the sum of the total un-impaired
            paid-up capital, retained earnings and reserves of SNCS
            not allocated to cover specific liabilities; and
           (iv)   whenever for the purposes of this Section it
Page  5
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, SNCS shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of
the revenues and expenditures of SNCS shows that the estimated net
revenues of SNCS for each FY during the term of the debt to be
incurred shall be at least 1.4 times the estimated debt service
requirements of SNCS in such FY on all debt of SNCS including the
debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of SNCS
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
     (ii)   debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a loan
            contract or agreement or other instrument providing for
            such debt or for the modification of its terms of
            payment on the date of such contract, agreement or
            instrument; and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
            date the agreement providing for such guarantee has been
            entered into;
          (iii)   the term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-operating
                        income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions including administration, adequate
                        maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, but excluding provision for
                        depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt;
     (iv)   the term "net non-operating income" means the difference
            between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   the term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate of repayments of (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any), and interest and other
                  charges on, debt;
     (vi)   the term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast prepared
            by SNCS not earlier than twelve months prior to the
            incurrence of the debt in question, which both the
            Association and SNCS accept as reasonable and as to
            which the Association has notified SNCS of its
            acceptability, provided that no event has occurred since
            such notification which has, or may reasonably be
            expected in the future to have, a material adverse
            effect on the financial condition or future operating
            results of SNCS; and
Page  6
          (vii)   whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of SNCS, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                  acceptable to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of SNCS thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20  years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify SNCS of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Societe Nationale de Chemins
            de Fer du Senegal:
Page  7
            B.P. 175-A
            Thies
            Senegal
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FERSENEGAL                0906-77129
                  Thies                     FERSENTH-SG
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of SNCS may be taken or executed by the Director
General or such other person or persons as the Director General
shall designate in writing, and SNCS shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  SOCIETE NATIONALE DE CHEMINS DE FER DU SENEGAL
                  By /s/ Ibra Degucne KA
                                         Authorized Representative
