Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2607 MOZ
                   Development Credit Agreement
           (Financial Sector Capacity Building Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         Dated May 2, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2607 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 2, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received from the Borrower a
Financial Sector Capacity Building Policy letter, dated December 1,
1993, describing a program of actions, objectives and policies
designed to achieve the development of human resource capabilities
within the financial sector (the Program) and declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of said Program;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a non-reimbursable contri-
bution in an amount of one million five hundred thousand Swiss
Francs (SW.F. 1,500,000) (the Swiss Contribution) to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the Swiss Contribution Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and Switzerland;
      (D)   Switzerland intends to appoint the Association to
administer the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the provisions
of the Procedural Arrangements, dated May 9, 1990, between
Page  2
Switzerland and the Association (the Procedural Arrangements);
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Overseas
Development Agency (ODA) a grant (the ODA Grant) to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the ODA Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and ODA; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BM" means Banco de Mocambique, the Central Bank of the
Borrower established and operating pursuant to Law No. 1/92 (Lei
Organica do Banco de Mocambique) of the Borrower, dated January 3,
1992;
      (b)   "BCM" means Banco Comercial de Mocambique, S.A.R.L., the
commercial bank established and operating in the territory of the
Borrower pursuant to its Statutes approved by Decree No. 3/92 of the
Borrower, dated February 25, 1992;
      (c)   "IFBM" means the Instituto de Formacao Bancaria de
Mocambique, the banking training institute of the Borrower
established and operating pursuant to Acta da Assembleia
Constituinte, dated November 1, 1993;
      (d)   "MOF" means the Ministry of Finance of the Borrower;
      (e)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters, dated August 5, 1993, and
August 24, 1993, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (f)   "Performance Indicators" means indicators designed to
measure the Borrower's performance in achieving Project objectives,
as agreed between the Borrower and the Association and referred to
in Section 3.06 (a) (i) of this Agreement;
      (g)   "Key Project Staff" means the staff responsible for
Project implementation referred to under Part A of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement;
      (h)   "BCM's Strategic Plan" means the plan of financial
measures to be undertaken by the Borrower with the objective of
designing and implementing strategic options to enhance BCM
financial soundness and define its future organizational aspects,
referred to in Section 3.06 (a) (i) of this Agreement;
      (i)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (j)   "fiscal year" means the Borrower's fiscal year which
runs from January 1 to December 31;
      (k)   "Project Year" means each period of twelve months,
Page  3
beginning the first Project Year, on the Effective Date;
      (l)   "Training Coordination Committee" or "TCC" means the
Committee referred to in Part A (d) (i) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement; and
      (m)   "Swiss Contribution Account" means the account
established by Switzerland for the purposes of the Swiss
Contribution.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to six million six hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 6,600,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit and the Swiss
Contribution may be withdrawn from the Credit Account and the Swiss
Contribution Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services required for the Project described in Schedule 2
to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit and the Swiss Contribution.
      (b)   Except as the Association and Switzerland shall
otherwise agree or to the extent the Swiss Contribution Agreement
may otherwise specify, the allocation and the procedures for
withdrawals of the Swiss Contribution shall be governed, mutatis
mutandis, by the provisions of the General Conditions.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars two special deposit accounts, one for
the Credit (Special Account A) and one for the Swiss Contribution
(Special Account B), in a commercial bank on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate protection
against setoff, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments
out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
Page  4
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
June 1, 2004, and ending December 1, 2033. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 1, 2013, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through BM
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
banking, financial, administrative and training practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.
Page  5
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Swiss Contribution shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, until the completion of the
Project:
      (a)   maintain institutional arrangements and Key Project
Staff, with such responsibilities for Project implementation, and
with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association,
as specified under Part A of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
      (b)   appoint qualified local counterpart trainers to closely
work with, and receive training from foreign trainers, in order to
allow said local staff to gradually take full responsibility for the
delivery of training programs financed under the Project.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall take all necessary measures
to implement in a timely manner a cost recovery system, in
accordance with terms and conditions agreed between the Borrower and
the Association including those set forth in Part C of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than October 1, 1994, complete and furnish to
the Association, for its review and comments, a draft of BCM's
Strategic Plan;
      (b)   not later than January 1, 1995, commence implementation
of BCM's Strategic Plan, taking into account comments made by the
Association; and
      (c)   if required by the Strategic Plan, not later than July
1, 1995, select and employ management consultants' services for the
purpose of the implementation of the strategic option identified
throughout BCM's Strategic Plan, in accordance with terms of
reference agreed between the Borrower and the Association in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than twelve months after the Effective Date,
and yearly thereafter, until the completion of the Project, conduct
with the Association annual Project implementation reviews,
including a midterm review, by the end of the second Project Year
to:
            (i)   monitor, in accordance with Performance
                  Indicators agreed between the Borrower and the
                  Association, progress achieved in the imple-
                  mentation of the following: (A) training
                  programs; (B) BCM's Strategic Plan; (C) adjust-
                  ment of the existing, and enactment of the new
                  financial legal and regulatory framework; (D)
                  actions taken to ensure appropriate transfer of
                  responsibilities to local counterpart trainers,
                  and the most efficient utilization of technical
                  assistance financed under the Project; (E) cost
                  recovery system; (F) the Program; and (G) the
                  results of beneficiary assessment for banking
                  systems clients;
           (ii)   review proposed measures taken by the Borrower to
                  ensure timely provision of local counterpart
                  funds to the Project;
          (iii)   exchange information among staff and government
                  and private institutions responsible for Project
Page  6
                  implementation;
           (iv)   identify issues which may delay Project
                  implementation and propose appropriate solutions;
            (v)   review the status of all other technical
                  assistance provided by donor agencies and
                  Cofinanciers;
           (vi)   update Performance Indicators, the Implementation
                  Program described under Schedule 4 to this
                  Agreement, and approve the action program for the
                  upcoming Project Year;
      (b)   not later than four weeks prior to such annual and
midterm reviews, furnish to the Association for its review and
comments, a report in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request, including:
            (i)   an evaluation of progress achieved in Project
                  implementation pursuant to the Performance
                  Indicators; and
           (ii)   a draft action program including training
                  programs to be carried out during the upcoming
                  Project Year; and
      (c)   promptly after completing such annual and midterm
reviews, carry out those recommendations arising out of said
reviews, as shall be agreed between the Borrower and the
Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
Page  7
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution or
                  payment out of the Special Accounts was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program or a significant part thereof will be
carried out; and
      (b)   the BCM's Strategic Plan shall have been amended, or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of the
Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                            Termination
      Section 6.01. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. In the event that Switzerland or the Association
terminates the functions of the Association pursuant to paragraph 9
of the Procedural Arrangements, the Association shall notify the
Borrower promptly of the date on which Switzerland shall assume the
rights and obligations of the Association under this Agreement in
respect of the Swiss Contribution.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of Banco de Mocambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco de Mocambique
Page  8
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O. Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MOBANCO                   6576/7
                   Maputo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                        By /s/ Hipolito Zozimo Patricio
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Stephen M. Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                                       Amount
                       Amount          of the
                       of the       Swiss Contri-
                       Credit          bution           % of
                      Allocated       Allocated       Expendi-
                     (Expressed      (Expressed        tures
                       in SDR         in Swiss         to be
     Category        Equivalent)       Franc)         Financed
(1)  Consultants'     4,820,000     1,500,000         100%
     services
(2)  Training           950,000                       100%
(3)  Equipment,         310,000                       100%
     materials and
     supplies
Page  9
(4)  Refunding of       290,000                       Amounts due
     Project                                          pursuant to
     Preparation                                      Section 2.02
     Advance                                          (c) of this
                                                      Agreement
(5)  Unallocated        230,000
                      _________     _________
       TOTAL          6,600,000     1,500,000
                      =========     =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "training" shall
cover the costs of fellowships, conferences, seminars, study-tours
and other activities included in the training programs to be
financed under the Project, and directly related to Project
objectives.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account or the Swiss Contribution to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure for expenditures under contracts for goods
not exceeding $25,000 (twenty-five thousand dollars) equivalent and
all expenditures for local training, under such terms and conditions
as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) strengthen the
Borrower's capabilities to carry out the Program through training of
central and commercial bank staff; and (b) institutional building
within the Borrower's financial sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Central Bank Training
1.    Carrying out of basic level training program for BM staff
through the organization of courses in, inter alia, the following:
accounting, banking and legal English language and computer skills;
and other areas to be selected in agreement between the Borrower and
the Association.
2.    Carrying out of an intermediate level core program for BM
staff through the organization of short courses in, inter alia, the
following: macroeconomics, monetary policy, economics of money and
finance and commercial banking; and other areas to be selected in
agreement between the Borrower and the Association.
3.    Carrying out of a senior management development program for BM
staff through the organization of seminars in, inter alia, the
following: strategies of monetary policy, management and organi-
zation of central banks, function of bank supervision, development
of financial markets; and other areas to be selected in agreement
between the Borrower and the Association.
4.    Organization of practical specialized internal courses for BM
staff, including inter alia, the following topics: fundamentals of
bank supervision, monetary policy and treasury bills.
5.    Participation of BM staff in overseas seminars in banking
supervision, monetary policy and other priority financial sector
reform topics.
Page  10
6.    Short-term attachments of senior BM staff to other central
banks.
7.    Provision of about nine fellowships to BM staff to undertake
postgraduate studies in accounting, banking and finance and
macroeconomics.
Part B:     Commercial Bank Training
1.    Carrying out basic in-house training programs for commercial
bank staff.
2.    Strengthening of the IFBM.
3.    Carrying out training activities for commercial bank staff to
develop the following skills: (a) credit analysis; (b) project
appraisal; (c) documentary credits; (d) trade finance; and (e)
management.
Part C:     Strengthening of Legal Capabilities
1.    Provision of training for legal staff including: (a) local
short-term practical seminars; (b) professional internships abroad;
and (c) long-term graduate training in banking and financial law.
2.    (a)   Strengthening of the Legal Department of BM and the
Legal Studies Departments of MOF through: (i) acquisition, printing
and translation of financial legal materials and publications; and
(ii) acquisition of basic office equipment, materials and legal
software.
      (b)   Establishment and operation of BM's Cartorio Notarial,
through: (i) employment and training of local professionals and
assistants; and (ii) acquisition of basic office equipment and
materials.
3.    Dissemination of information on the banking and financial
legal and regulatory framework through: (a) publication of laws and
financial regulations; (b) design of standard legal documentation
and contracts; and (c) publication of MOF's Tax Journal, including
strengthening of MOF's National Directorate of Taxation.
Part D:     Institutional Development
      Provision of technical support to the Borrower's financial
institutions to:
      (a)   carry out banking supervision through: (a) selection and
employment of a team of experienced bank supervisors; and (b)
strengthening of BM's Bank Supervision Department;
      (b)   develop and implement BCM's Strategic Plan, including
the strengthening of commercial banking and management capabilities
of BCM staff;
      (c)   develop and put into operation a legal and regulatory
framework for: (a) insurance, pension and provident fund activities;
and (b) money and capital markets;
      (d)   strengthen the accounting and auditing capabilities
within BM; and
      (e)   strengthen the Human Resource Departments of BM, BCM and
BPD.
2.    Provision of specialized advisory services to strengthen other
priority areas to be identified throughout Project implementation,
in agreement between the Borrower and the Association.
Part E:     Studies
Page  11
1.    Carrying out studies, in accordance with terms of reference
and timetables agreed between the Borrower with the Association in
inter alia, the following topics: (a) interest rate developments;
(b) ways to change the structure of deposits in the banking system;
(c) deposit mobilization; (d) the national social security scheme;
(e) evaluation of the impact of existing schemes to provide more
long-term credit and alternative mechanisms; (f) enhancement of
banking competition; (g) viability of credit unions; (h) housing
finance; (i) leasing activities; (j) agricultural credit; and (k)
inter-enterprise debt.
2.    Carrying out of a review of the large enterprises owned by the
Borrower which borrow from the banking system.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     Procurement Procedures
1.    Local Competitive Bidding: Goods up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $220,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    International Shopping: Equipment, materials and computers, up
to an aggregate amount equivalent to $200,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers from at least two different
countries eligible under the "Guidelines for Procurement under the
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the
Guidelines), in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Direct Contracting: Textbooks up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $25,000 may be procured directly from the supplier, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 (one hundred thousand dollars) or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Accounts, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Accounts in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Accounts, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Page  12
Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account are to be made on
the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% (ten percent) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ banking, legal and financial consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants under
contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use other
standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$40,000 equivalent each for firms and $20,000 for individuals.
However, this exception to prior Association review shall not apply
to the terms of reference for such contracts or to the employment of
individuals, to single source selection of firms, to assignments of
a critical nature as reasonably determined by the Association or to
amendments of contracts raising the contract value to $400,000
equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     Project Administration
      (a)   Banco de Mocambique (BM) shall be responsible for
overall Project coordination.
      (b)   Component Coordinators. The Governor of BM shall appoint
and thereafter maintain, until the completion of the Project,
management staff with qualifications and experience satisfactory to
the Association to coordinate implementation of the respective
Project components as follows: (i) Deputy Director of the Human
Resources Department for Part A of the Project; (ii) Chairman of the
TCC for Part B of the Project; (iii) General Manager of Legal
Department for Part C of the Project; and (iv) General Manager of
Monetary Policy and Banking Supervision of BM for Parts D and E of
the Project.
      (c)   Project Coordinator. The General Manager of BM's Human
Resources Department shall be the overall Project Coordinator.
      (d)   Training Coordinating Committee
            (i)    A Training Coordinating Committee shall be
                   established by the Governor of BM with the
                   following membership: Chairperson (repre-
                   sentative of BM); and representatives of BCM,
                   BPD, the private sector banks.
           (ii)    The TCC shall be responsible for overseeing the
                   implementation of Part B of the Project.
          (iii)    The TCC shall meet regularly and frequently, and
                   at least four (4) times during the first Project
Page  13
                   Year.
Part B:     Schedule of actions to be carried out by the Borrower
            during Project Implementation
      Except as the Association and the Borrower shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall carry out the following actions:
1.    During the First Year of the Project:
      Not later than December 31, 1994: (i) appoint a banking
supervision advisor to assist in the strengthening of BM's Banking
Supervision Department; (ii) complete the work assigned to the bank
supervision advisory team, including a completed loan portfolio
review for all the commercial banks operating in the territory of
the Borrower; (iii) appoint a technical expert to assist in the
strengthening of BM's Foreign Exchange Departments; (iv) complete
BPD's Strategic Plan; (v) commence BM's core training course; (vi)
commence BM's senior management development training course; (vii)
commence commercial banking training program; (viii) appoint Human
Resource experts to strengthen the two banks owned by the Borrower;
(ix) complete and submit to the Association final audited accounts
for BM, BCM and BPD, for the year ended 1993; and (x) take all
necessary technical, financial and administrative measures to fully
establish IFBM and make it operational, in a manner satisfactory to
the Association.
2.    During the Second Year of the Project:
      (a)   Not later than June 30, 1995: (i) complete and submit to
the Association, for its review and comments, a draft Foreign
Exchange Control Law; (ii) complete and furnish to the Association,
for its review and comments, a comprehensive diagnostic review,
action program and timetable for the enactment of a legal and
regulatory framework pertaining to insurance, pension and provident
fund activities; and (iii) complete the first cycle of BM's core and
senior management training courses, in accordance with programs and
timetables agreed with the Association.
      (b)   Not later than December 31, 1995:
            (i)    design and implement a pilot Treasury Bill
                   auction system, in accordance with terms and
                   conditions satisfactory to the Association;
           (ii)    complete and furnish to the Association, for its
                   review and comments, draft Exchange Control
                   regulations for the commercial banks;
          (iii)    complete and furnish to the Association, for its
                   review and comments, a comprehensive review of
                   existing legislation and a proposal for the
                   enactment of the legal and regulatory framework
                   aimed at assisting the development of money and
                   capital markets;
           (iv)    complete the second cycle of BM's training
                   courses; and
            (v)    complete the second cycle of commercial banking
                   training courses.
Part C:     Cost Recovery System
      The Borrower shall, until the completion of the Project,
implement a cost recovery system, in connection with the commercial
banking training courses described under Part B of the Project,
including:
      (a)   recovery of 40% (forty percent) in the first Project
Year;
Page  14
      (b)   recovery of 60% (sixty percent) in the second Project
Year;
      (c)   recovery of 80% (eighty percent) in the third Project
Year;
      (d)   recovery of 90% (ninety percent) in the fourth Project
Year; and
      (e)   full recovery of total cost in the fifth Project Year.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: for Special
Account A, Categories (1) through (3), and for Special Account B,
Category (1) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or
the Swiss Contribution allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) for Special
Account A, an amount equivalent to $500,000; and (ii) for Special
Account B, an amount equivalent to $100,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the Swiss Contribution Account and deposited into
the Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Accounts have been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Accounts shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account and deposit into
the Special Accounts such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account or the Swiss Contribution Account and
                   deposit into the Special Accounts such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
Page  15
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Accounts for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account under therespective eligible 
Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Accounts:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account or the Swiss Contribution Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General Condi-
tions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or the
Swiss Contribution allocated to the eligible Categories, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account or the Swiss
Contribution Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or the Swiss Contribution allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Accounts as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Accounts
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Accounts shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Accounts will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Accounts.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account or the Swiss Contribution Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions of
this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
Page  16
