Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3131-UR
                    Loan Agreement
       (Second Agricultural Development Project)
                        between
            REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                   Dated November 2, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER  3131-UR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 2, 1989, between
REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY (the Borrower) and
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project; and
     (B)  by agreement of even date herewith (the
Japanese Grant Agreement), the Bank, acting as
Administrator of grant funds provided by the Government
of Japan (Japan), has agreed to sake available to the
Borrower a grant requested by the Borrower and agreed to
be made available by Japan (the Grant) in an aggregate
principal amount of two hundred fifty million Yen, the
currency of Japan, to assist in financing part of the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Japanese Grant Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter, of
the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Banco Central" means Banco Central del
Uruguay, the Borrower's Central Bank;
     (c)  "IFI" means any commercial bank or case
financiers operating in the Borrower's territory,
including Banco Republica, and the "Banco Republica"
means Banco de la Republica Oriental del Uruguay, a
commercial bank owned and controlled by the Borrower;
     (d)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means each of the
agreements to be entered into, pursuant to Section 3.02
(a) of this Agreement, between Banco Central and an IFI;
     (e)  "Subsidiary Loan" means a loan provided for
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement made with the purpose
of financing a specific Sub-loan (as the term is defined
in (g) below) and the term "advance" means each
disbursement made under a Subsidiary Loan with the
purpose of fully financing a specific Sub-loan or
specific disbursements made thereunder;
     (f)  "Sub-project" means a plan of investment to be
carried out by a Sub-borrower (as the terms is defined in
(h) below) for purposes of Part A of the Project and to
be financed, in an amount not to exceed 50% of the
aggregate cost of the investment in question, by a
Sub-loan (as the term is defined in (g) below);
     (g)  "Sub-loan" means a medium- or long-term loan
that is being, or will be, fully financed out of the
proceeds of one or more Advances, and that has been or
will be made by an IFI to a Sub-borrower for purposes of
financing up to 50% of the cost of a Sub-project to be
carried out under Part A of the Project, all in
accordance with the provisions of the Reglamento (as the
term is defined in (J) below), and the term "Approved
Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan, as so defined, which has been
approved by the IFI in question when the Sub-loan in
question is not covered by the provisions of Section 3.05
(a) of this Agreement, and also by the Bank when it is
covered by said provisions;
     (h)  "Sub-borrower" means any person or legal entity
who is eligible to borrow under a Sub-loan in accordance
with Article 7 of the Reglamento (as the term is defined
in (j) below) and who has entered or will enter into a
Sub-loan Contract (as the term is defined in (i) below)
with an IFI;
Page  3
     (i)  "Sub-loan Contract" is an agreement providing
for a Sub-loan, which has been or will be entered into
between an IFI and a Sub-borrower in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.06 of this Agreement;
     (j)  "Reglamento" means  Reglamento del Programa de
Credito del Proyecto, the Regulations of the Credit
Program of the Project issued by Banco Central by means
of a resolution of its Board of Directors, as said
Regulations may be changed from time to time by the
Borrower with the Bank's and Banco Central's concurrence;
     (k)  "Ministry" means the Borrower's Ministerio de
Ganaderia, Agricultura y Pesca, the Ministry of
Livestock.  Agriculture and Fisheries;
     (1)  "Comision" means Comision Honoraria del Plan
Agropecuario, an agency of the Ministry, created under
Law No. 12394, of July 2. 1957, of the Borrower, as
modified by the Borrower's Decree Law No. 15,682, of
November 13, 1984;
     (m)  "Office" means Oficina de Planeamiento y
Presupuesto, the Office of the Planning and Budgeting of
the Borrower's Presidency;
     (n)  "Direccion" means Direccion General de
Generacion y Transferencia de Tecnologia, the Ministry's
General Directorate of Technology Creation and Transfer;
     (o)  "Agro-ecological Zones" means the four
geographical zones agreed from time to time between the
Borrower, acting through Comision, and the Bank;
     (p)  "Procedures" means the criteria and procedures
for selecting and implementing Demonstration Farms (as
the term is defined in (q) below) to be issued by
Comision pursuant to paragraph 3 (e) (ii) of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
     (q)  "Demonstration Farm" means a farm located in an
Agro-ecological Zone and selected under the Procedures.
to be developed under Part B.1 of the Project with the
main purpose of demonstrating an ad-hoc proven farming
technology under commercial conditions to agricultural
extensionists, Producers and consultants;
     (r)  "Forestal" means Direccion Forestal, the
Ministry's Forestry Directorate and "Executive Division"
means the division to be established within Forestal that
will be charged with the administration of activities
under Part B.4 of the Project under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, and "Executive
Division Director" means the head of the Executive
Division to be appointed pursuant to the provisions of
paragraph (c) of Section 3.01 of, and paragraph 3 (f) of
Schedule I to, this Agreement;
     (s)  "Fund" means the export promotion fund to be
established for purposes of Part C.2 of the Project
pursuant to paragraph (c) of Section 3.02 of this
Agreement;
     (t)  "Set of Export Promotion Actions" means a group
of one or more specific actions to take place within a
24-month period, for which financing under the Fund in an
amount not exceeding '.-he lover of the equivalent of
$50,000 or 500 of the estimated cost thereof would be
generally available and is being sought in accordance
with the Fund Rules (as the term is defined in (v) below)
to support sound, programmed, market-related steps aimed
at Setting up a commercial flow of export products and
Page  4
the term "Selected Set of Export Promotion Actions" means
a Set of Export Promotion Actions, as so defined, which
have been selected by the Coordinating Unit, as the term
is defined in (u) below, for financing under the Fund in
accordance with the Fund Rules;
     (u)  "Coordinating Unit" means the unit, with
functions and powers satisfactory to the Bank, to be
created by means of a Decree from the Borrower's
President for purposes of Part C of the Project pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph (a) of Section 3.03 of
this Loan Agreement, with a representative of the
Ministry, as the presiding member, and one representative
each from the Office and COEX/MEF, (as the term is
defined in (w) below); and "Technical Secretary' means
the head of the Technical Secretariat of the Coordinating
Unit, to be hired pursuant to the provisions of paragraph
(a) of the aforesaid Section of, and of paragraph 3 (d)
of Schedule 1 to, this Agreement;
     (v)  "Fund Rules" means the rules: (i) to be issued
by the Coordinating Unit with the approval of the
Ministry pursuant to paragraph 3 (d) of Schedule 1 to
this Loan Agreement. as changed from time to time with
the Bank's concurrence; and (ii) which shall govern the
terms and conditions and operational arrangements under
which financing from the Fund will be made available,
including the eligibility criteria to receive
non-reimbursable financing therefrom on the basis of
technically and economically sound selection criteria,
the procedures for inviting eligible beneficiaries to
submit one proposed Set of Export Promotion Actions, and
for ranking each submitted proposal and determining which
of the proposals so ranked will be considered a Selected
Set of Exported Promotion Actions, the entering into
contracts with the corresponding beneficiaries, and the
mechanisms for the follow-up and monitoring of the
Actions in each Selected Set of Export Promotion Actions
for the carrying out of which a contract has been entered
into, including disbursement of Fund proceeds in order to
reimburse actual eligible expenditures incurred by the
beneficiary in question under the said contract;
     (w)  "COEX/MEX" means Direccion General de Comercio
Exterior, the General Directorate of External Commerce of
the Borrower's Ministry of Economy and Finance;
     (x)  "Table" means the table set forth in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as amended from time
to time;
     (y)  "Entity" and "Agency" mean, respectively, each
of the
entities, and agencies with legal personality, both
mentioned in Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement; and
     (z)  "Nuevo peso" means the Borrower's currency
unit.
                      ARTICLE 11
                       The loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, various currencies
that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the
amount of sixty-five million dollars ($65,000,000), being
the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with
each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such
withdrawal.
Page  5
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts
A. B (other than B.4 (d), (e) and (f)), C.2 and D of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in Banco Central on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank.  Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be May 31, 1995
or such later date as the Bank shall establish.  The Bank
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, at a rate for each
Interest Period equal to the Cost of Qualified Borrowings
determined in respect of the preceding Semester. plus
one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%).  On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal
amount outstanding during the preceding Interest Period,
calculated at the rate applicable during such Interest
Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such
Semester.
     (c)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means a six-month
               period ending on the date immediately
               preceding each date specified in Section
               2.06 of this Agreement, beginning with
               the Interest Period in which this
               Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost, as reasonably determined by the
               Bank and expressed as a percentage per
               annum, of the outstanding borrowings of
               the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               excluding such borrowings or portions
               thereof as the Bank has allocated to
               fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B)
               loans which may be made by the Bank after
               July 1. 1989, bearing interest rates
               determined otherwise than as provided in
               paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the  second six months of
                    a calendar year.
     (d)  On such date as the Bank may specify by no less
than six months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a),
Page  6
(b) and (c) (iii) of this Section shall be amended to
read as follows:
          "(a) Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2
of 11).  On each of the dates specified in Section 2.06
of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
applicable during such Interest Period.'
          "(b) As soon as practicable after the end of
each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
such Quarter."
          "(c) (iii) 'Quarter' means a three-month period
commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1, or October 1 in
a calendar year."
     (e)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, the interest rate for the Interest
Period commencing in the first Semester of 1989 shall be
seven and sixty-five hundredths percent (7.65%).
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.08. The General Manager of Banco Central,
the Borrower's Minister of Livestock, Agriculture and
Fisheries, and the Director of the office or the person
or persons respectively authorized by each of then in
writing, are designated as representatives of the
Borrower for purposes of taking any action required or
permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 and of Article V of the General Conditions under
Part A, Parts B and C, and Part D, of the Project,
respectively.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end and with the
participation of Banco Central, each IFI, the Ministry,
Comision, Direccion and Forestal shall carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate financial, agricultural,
forestry and administrative practices, and shall provide,
or cause Banco Central, each IFI, the Ministry, Comision,
Direccion and Forestal to be provided with, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall make, or cause to be made,
all arrangements (including contractual arrangements, if
warranted) with Banco Central, each IFI, Comision,
Direccion and Forestal as shall be necessary to: (i)
establish the responsibilities, functions or
administrative procedures of Banco Central, each IFI,
Page  7
Comision,, Direccion and Forestal, as the case may be, in
respect of the carrying out of the Project; (ii) where
applicable, make available to the Agencies or Entities in
(i) hereof the equivalent in nuevos pesos of such
portions of the proceeds of the Loan and other funds in
nuevos pesos as shall be necessary for the carrying out
of the corresponding Part of the Project; and (iii)
ensure that the Agency or Entity in question shall carry
out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
corresponding Part or Parts of the Project.
     (c)  Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower
shall maintain the Executive Division and ensure that it
is provided at all times with such funds, facilities,
services and other resources as shall be required by it
to perform its functions in respect of Part B.4 of the
Project, including the services of a Director thereof
with qualifications and experience and under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 3.02. Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 3.01, the Borrower shall:
     (a)  through Banco Central: (i) enter into a
Subsidiary Loan Agreement with each IFI on the terms and
conditions not forth in the Reglamento and on such other
terms and conditions as shall be satisfactory to the
Bank, for the purpose of lending to the IFI in question
by means of Advances made thereto, such portion of the
proceeds of the Loan as shall be required for such IFI to
finance, in accordance with the Reglamento and the
provisions of this Agreement, the- making of Approved
Sub-loans by such IFI under Part A of the Project; and
(ii) to establish and maintain separate accounts to
record and reflect therein all amounts lent to each IFI
under Advances;
     (b)  through Comision, enter into a contract with
each owner of a Demonstration Farm on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Procedures and on such other
terms and conditions as shall be satisfactory to the
Bank, for the purpose of making available to such owner
as a grant under such contract, such portion of the
proceeds of the @n as shall be required for such owner to
finance, in accordance with the Procedures and the
provisions of this Agreement, the development of the
Demonstration Farm in question under Part B.1 of the
Project;
     (c)  through the Ministry. (i) establish and
maintain, upon terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank, a fund for purposes of Part C.2 of the Project with
the authority to reimburse through the account referred
to in paragraph (f) of Section 3.03 of this Agreement, as
a grant, a share of the expenditures incurred in the
carrying out of a Selected Set of Export Promotion
Actions under such Part of the Project; (ii) keep within
such Fund separate records and accounts fox. purposes of
such Part of the Project; (iii) credit the Fund,
immediately upon withdrawal from the Special or Loan
Account, with such amounts in nuevos pesos as shall be
equivalent to the mounts withdrawn by the Borrower from
time to time from the Loan Account, or the Special
Account, as the case may be, on account of expenditures
for the said Part C. 2 of the Project under Category (7)
of the Table.; and (iv) enter into contractual
arrangements tinder Part C.2 (c) of the Project on terms
Page  8
and conditions satisfactory to the Bank with each person
or entity who is expected to carry out a Selected Set of
Export Promotion Actions;
     (d)  exercise through the Ministry, and cause each
of Banco Central and Comision to exercise, the Borrower's
rights in relation to each contract pursuant to the
provisions of paragraph (c) (iv) above, each Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and each contractual arrangement pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph (b) above, respectively,
in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Bank and not to take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of Amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving any provision of such
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or contract or contractual
arrangement; and
     (e)  take all such action as shall be necessary from
time to time to ensure chat Approved Sub-loans under Part
A of the Project are made in accordance with lending and
operating policies and procedures set forth in the
Reglamento, Demonstration Farms under Part B.1 of the
Project are selected and implemented In accordance with
the Procedures, and all actions belonging to Selected
Sets of Export Promotion Actions are carried out in
accordance with the Fund Rules.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, for purposes of
Part C of the Project: (a) take 4,11 such stamps, without
limitation to the provisions of Section 3.Ol of this
Agreement, as shall be necessary to establish and
maintain the Coordinating Unit and ensure that it is
provided at all times with such funds, facilities,
services and other resources as shall be required by such
Unit to discharge its functions in respect of Part C of
the Project, including a Technical Secretariat comprising
a Director and two professionals, all with qualifications
and experience and under terms of reference satisfactory
to the Bank, one administrative officer and one staff
assistant;
     (b)  furnish to the Bark for its approval, through
the Coordinating Unit and by not later than October 1 in
each year: (I) an operating plan, of such scope and in
such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, for the
activities to be carried out during the following
calendar year under Part C.1 of the Project, including
those activities for which third party services are
expected to be contracted pursuant to paragraph (d) of
this Section; and (II) a set of all documents to be used
for publicizing invitations during the next calendar year
for purposes of Part C.2 (b) of the Project;
     (c)  carry out, through the Coordinating Unit, the
activities under Part C.1 of the Project and the process
of selection of proposed Sets of Export Promotion Actions
under Part C.2 of the Project in conformity with the
respective operating plan and set of documents approved
by the Bank pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section;
     (d)  ensure that, in case the carrying out of any
activity under Part C.1 of the Project will require
contracting third party services therefor, the party in
question be acceptable to the Bank and be contracted on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank;
     (e)  cause each party contracted pursuant to
paragraph (d) above and each Exporter referred to in Part
C.2 of the Project with whom a contract has been entered
into, to comply with the provisions of the corresponding
contract;
Page  9
     (f)  open an account with Banco Republica with as
many sub-accounts as shall be required to reflect all
operations of the Fund and record all expenditures under
each Selected Set of Export Promotion Actions; and
     (g)  furnish to the Bank for its approval, all
documents related to selection and award of the first
three Selected Sets of Export Promotion Actions in
respect of which withdrawals from the Loan Account are
intended, including contracts executed and delivered, or
final drafts thereof, for the carrying out therefor.
     Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.  The
procurement of the above referred items by the Borrower
in respect of Part B of the Project shall be carried out
by the Ministry, the latter being authorized hereby to
delegate those functions in Forestal, in respect of Part
B.4 of the Project, and in Comision, in respect of the
remainder of Part B of the Project.
     Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall cause Banco
Central to take all such action as shall be necessary to
ensure that no Advance is made to finance any Sub-loan
made: (i) to a Sub-borrower who is an agricultural
producer and in an amount that exceeds the equivalent of
$300,000, or (ii) to a Sub-borrower other than an
agricultural producer and in an amount that exceeds the
equivalent of $500,000, unless any such Sub-loan has been
previously approved by the Bank.
     (b)  The Borrower shall cause Banco Central, when
presenting a Sub-loan to the Bank for approval, to
furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory
to the Bank, together with (i) the information
transmitted to Banco Central by the IFI in question,
under the Reglamento, in respect of the Sub-loan in
question; and (ii) such other information as the Bank
shall reasonably request.
     (c)  Requests made pursuant to the provisions of
subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before January 31, 1993 or a
date three years from the Effective Date, whichever comes
earlier.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower, through Banco Central
and under each Subsidiary Loan Agreement, shall cause
each IFI to ensure that each Sub-loan is made under a
written contract with the Sub-borrower providing to the
IFI rights adequate to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Bank, including the right to:
     (a)  require the Sub-borrower to carry out and
operate the Sub-project with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, financial and
agricultural standards and to maintain adequate records;
     (b)  require that: (i) the goods and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
purchased by the Sub-borrower, or on behalf thereof, at
a reasonable price, account being taken also of other
relevant factors such as time of delivery and efficiency
and reliability of the goods and availability of
maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor, and, in
the case of services, of their quality and the competence
of the parties rendering them, and shall be procured by
the Sub-borrower, or on behalf thereof, in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
Page  10
(ii) such goods and services shall be used exclusively in
the carrying out of the Sub-project;
     (c)  inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Bank if the Bank shall so request,
such goods and the sites, works, plants and construction
included in the Sub-project, the operation thereof, and
any relevant records and documents;
     (d)  require that: (i) the Sub-borrower shall take
out and maintain, with responsible insurers such
insurance, against such risks and in such amounts. as
shall be consistent with sound business practice; and
(ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of
use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made
payable in a currency freely usable by the Sub-borrower
to replace or repair such goods;
     (e)  obtain all such information as the Bank or the
Borrower or Banco Central or the IFI in question shall
reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the
Sub-borrower and to the benefits to be derived from the
Sub-project; and
     (f)  suspend or terminate the right of the
Sub-borrower to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon
failure by such Sub-borrower to perform its obligations
under its contract with the IFI in question.
     Section 3.07. The Borrower shall take all such steps
as shall be necessary: (a) to ensure that the studies
under Part D.1, Part D.2 and Part D.4 of the Project, and
Part D.3 of the Project are completed by not later than
one year after the Effective Date, and June 30, 1990,
respectively;
     (b)  to submit to the Bank for comments, promptly
upon completion of each of the studies referred to in (a)
above, the findings and recommendations of each study;
and
     (c)  to discuss with the Bank said findings and
recommendations and to put into effect such
recommendations as shall have been agreed between the
Borrower and the Bank within the time-frame agreed for
the purpose, if any.
     Section 3.08. (a) The Borrower and the Bank hereby
agree to undertake consultations, at the request of
either party, from time to time but not earlier than nine
months after the Effective Date, on (A) the fiscal cost
to the Borrower of making credit available to the
Borrower's banking system for the financing of Part A of
the Project and for other credit lines for same, or
closely similar, purposes financed from other sources;
(B) whether the demand for Sub-loans has been affected by
factors in the credit market which are under the control
of the Borrower or Banco Central; (C) the findings and
recommendations of the study under Part D.4 of the
Project and the time-frame of the measures to be taken
for the carrying out of those recommendations that the
Borrower and the Bank may have agreed upon; and (D) such
other subjects as may be agreed upon at the time or
before any such consultation is requested provided.
however, that the topics under (C) above shall not be the
object of any consultation that has been undertaken
earlier than two years after the date of this Loan
Agreement.
Page  11
     (b)  The Borrower end the Bank further agree that,
once each of the aforesaid consultations has been
completed (each such consultation hereinafter called "a
Review"), the parties will determine, in view of the
findings and conclusions of the applicable Review,
whether specific changes to the Reglamento or the
Borrower's credit policies, or both, are warranted.
     (c)  Should the parties fail to agree, three months
after each Review has been completed, on the need to make
any material change pursuant to (b) above or in the form
and substance of any specific change that the parties
have agreed needs to be made, or should the Borrower, or
the applicable Entity or Agency, fail to taker' within
the aforesaid period, any measure required to materialize
a change or changes that the parties have agreed be
made@and without which change or changes the carrying out
of Part A of the Project will be materially and adversely
affected, the Borrower shall refrain, or, through Banco
Central, shall cause each IFI to refrain, from approving
any Sub-loan for purposes of Part A of the Project.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures in
revert of the Project of the departments of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof, including each Entity and Agency.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have, and cause each Agency to have, the
               records and accounts referred to in
               paragraph (a) of this Section, including
               those for the Special Account, for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing, principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish, and cause each Agency to
               furnish, to the Bank as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish, and cause each Agency to
               furnish, to the Bank such other
               information concerning maid records
               and accounts and the audit thereof
               as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause each Agency to
               maintain, in accordance with paragraph
               (a) of this Section, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, or cause each Agency to retain,
Page  12
               until at least one year after the Bank
               has received the audit report for the
               fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
               from the Loan Account was made, all
               records (contracts, orders, invoices,
               bills, receipts and other documents)
               evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable, or cause each Agency to
               enable, the Bank's representatives
               to examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure, or cause each Agency to ensure,
               that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
                    Other Covenants
     Section 5.01. (a) The Borrower shall cause each
Agency:
          (i)  to take out and maintain with responsible
               insurers, or to make other provision
               satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
               against such risks and in such amounts as
               shall be consistent with appropriate
               practice; and
          (ii) to carry on its operations and conduct
               its affairs in accordance with sound
               administrative, financial and banking
               practices under the supervision of
               qualified and experienced management
               assisted by competent staff in adequate
               numbers.
     (b)  The provisions of -paragraph (a) (i) of this
Section shall not apply to any IFI.
                      ARTICLE VI
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified; provided, however, that if any of the events
specified in the following paragraphs (a). (b), (c), (e),
(f) or (g) shall have occurred and be continuing, the
suspension of the Borrower's right to make withdrawals
from the Loan Account may be limited to withdrawals in
respect of Project expenditures related to the Entity,
Entities, Agency or Agencies affected, or to Part C.2 of
the Project, in the case of paragraphs (c) and (a) and if
the event in question affects the Fund:
     (a)  Banco Central, an IFI or Comision shall have
failed to perform any of its obligations,
responsibilities and functions with regard to the
carrying out of the Project;
Page  13
     (b)  an extraordinary situation shall have &risen
which shall make it improbable that Banco Central, an IFI
or Comision will be able to perform any of its respective
obligations, responsibilities and functions with regard
to the carrying out of the Project;
     (c)  the Borrower or any other authority having,
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of Banco Central, an IFI,
Comision, Direccion.  Forestal or the Fund or for the
suspension of its respective operations related to the
carrying out of the Project;
     (d)  the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall divest Banco Central, Banco Republica,
Comision, Direccion or Forestal of any of the functions
or powers vested in any of them which are necessary for
the efficient carrying out of the Project;
     (e)  the Reglamento or the Procedures or the Fund
Rules shall
have been amended, suspended or abrogated, without the
Bank's concurrence;
     (f)  any provision of a Subsidiary Loan Agreement
shall have been amended, terminated, assigned or waived
or Banco Central shall have failed to enforce any
provision of a Subsidiary Loan Agreement. without the
prior agreement of the Bank;
     (g)  any IFI shall have become unable to pay its
debts as they mature or any action or proceeding shall
have been taken by such IFI or by others whereby any of
the property of such IFI shall or may be distributed
among its creditors; and
     (h)  the superintendency regulatory norms of Banco
Central, current as of July 14, 1989, shall have been
amended, suspended or abrogated in a way which shall
materially and adversely affect the carrying out of Part
A of the Project.
     Section 6.02. For the purposes of Section 7.01 of
the General Conditions, the following additional events
are specified pursuant to paragraph (h) thereof. namely,
that any of the events specified in paragraphs (a), (c),
(d), (e), (f), (g) or (h) of Section 6.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of
sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Bank to the Borrower.
                      ARTICLE VII
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 7.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the waning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  that the Reglamento has been issued and
published in form and substance satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Bank and the Subsidiary Loan Agreement
between Banco Central and Banco Republica has been
executed and delivered; and
     (b)  that Banco Republica has !the capability to
furnish to the Bank through Banco Central the;
information on Approved Sub-loans stipulated under
paragraph (b) of Section 3.05 of this Agreement, as and
when required by the Reglamento.
Page  14
     Section 7.02. The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank, namely,
that an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Bank, on
behalf of Banco Central and of Banco Republica, that the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement referred to in Section 7.01 (a)
of this Agreement has been duly authorized   ratified by,
and executed and delivered on behalf of, Banco Central
and Banco Republica, respectively, and is legally binding
upon each of them, respectively, in accordance with its
terms.
     Section 7.03. The date of                      is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General
Conditions.
                     ARTICLE VIII
       Representative of the Borrower: Addresses
     Section 8.01. Subject to the provisions of Section
2.08 of this Agreement. the Minister of Livestock,
Agriculture and Fisheries of the Borrower is designated
as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministerio de Ganaderia, Agricultura
             y Pesca
          Constituyente 1476
          Montevideo
          Uruguay
     Cable address:                     Telex:
     MAP                                24503 MAP UY
          Montevideo, Uruguay
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
          1818 R Street, N.V.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)or
                                              64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
               REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
Page  15
               By
                             Authorized  Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By
                               Regional Vice  President
                       Latin America and the  Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                    Amount of the
                    Loan Allocated           % of
                    (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category       Dollar Equivalent)  to be Financed
(1)  Approved Sub-       58,900,000     100% of Advances
     loans under
     Part A of the
     Project
(2)  Goods, works           411,000     23%
     and services
     for Demonstra-
     tion Farms
(3)  Services for           586,000     100%
     Part B.2 of
     the Project
(4)  Training under       1,469,000     100%
     Part B.3
     (b) of the
     Project, con-
     sultants' ser-
     vices under
     Part B.3 of the
     Project and ex-
     tension train-
     ing and scholar-
     ships under
     Part B.3 (c)
     and (d) of the
     Project
(5)  Services of:                       100%
      (a) Executive Divi-    422,000
          sion Director
          under Part B.4
          of the Project
Page  16
      (b) Technical          422,000
          Secretary
          under Part C
          of the Project
      (c) Consultants        115,000
          for Part D
          of the Project
(6)  Goods under             248,000     100%
     Part B.4
     of the Project
     and for equip-
     ping the Coordi-
     nating Unit
(7)  Goods and ser-        2,256,000     60% of amounts
     vices under                         disbursed by
     Selected Set                        Fund
     of Export
     Promotion
     Actions
(8)  Unallocated             271,000
         TOTAL            65,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
datu of this Agreement. except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$6,000,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures under Parts A and B.4 of the Project, and in
respect of the Technical Secretary, before that date but
after January 1, 1989;
     (b)  any Advance unless the requirements under
paragraph (b) of Section 7.01 of this Agreement have been
met, mutatis mutandis, by the IFI in question, and the
Bank shall have been furnished with evidence satisfactory
to the Bank that the corresponding Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been entered into between Banco Central and
the IFI in question, including an opinion, on behalf of
the IFI in question, satisfactory to the Bank and
covering, mutatis mutandis, the matters stipulated under
Section 7.02 of this Agreement;
     (c)  expenditures under & Sub-loan required to be
approved by the Bank pursuant to the provisions of
Section 3.05 of this Agreement, unless the Sub-loan in
question shall have been so approved and such
expenditures shall have been incurred not earlier than
ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank shall
have received the application and information required
under such Section 3.05 in respect of such Sub-loan;
Page  17
     (d)  expenditures under a Selected Set of Export
Promotion Actions under Part C.2 of the Project and to be
withdrawn from the Loan Account under Category 7 of the
Table, unless the Bank shall have been furnished with
evidence satisfactory to the Bank that: (L) the
Coordinating Unit has been established, and the Technical
Secretary has been appointed, all in form and substance
satisfactory to the Bank; (ii) the Fund shall have been
established and the Fund Rules shall have been issued,
all in form and substance Satisfactory to the Bank; (iii)
an initial amount of not less than the equivalent to
$100,000 has been made available to the Fund and (iv) the
corresponding contractual arrangements to be entered by
the Borrower, through the Ministry, pursuant to Section
3.02 (c) (iv) of this Loan Agreement in respect of the
Selected Set of Export Promotion Actions in question has
been executed and delivered;
     (e)  expenditures for a Demonstration Farm under
Part B.1 of the Project, unless the Bank shall have been
furnished with: (i) a list of the Demonstration Farms
which will begin to be developed during the first year of
Project execution, together with the detailed definition
of the technology and management practices to be adopted
on each such Demonstration Farm; (ii) evidence that the
Procedures have been issued in form and substance
satisfactory to the Bank; and (iii) evidence satisfactory
to the Bank that the corresponding contract to be entered
into by Comision pursuant to Section 3.02 (b) of this
Loan Agreement has been executed and delivered; and
     (f)  for  expenditures under Part B-4 of the
Project, unless the Bank shall have been furnished with
evidence satisfactory to the Bank that the Executive
Division shall have been established and the Executive
Division Director shall have been &appointed, all in form
and substance satisfactory to the Bank.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The main objectives of the Project are to increase
and diversify agricultural production and exports.
Intermediate objectives of the Project are to promote the
more rapid adoption of improved farm technology through
a more effective technical assistance system and to allow
the development of a more competitive and market-oriented
credit system for the sector.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:
     Making of Approved Sub-loans for the provision of
medium- and long-term credit to livestock, crop,
crop-livestock, dairy and forestry farmers for pasture
and associated crop and other on-farm investments, and
forestry development and orchard establishment and
renovation, to agriculture and forestry contractors who
usually provide on-farm services to farmers for
investments related to the provision of said services a@d
to agro-industrial enterprises for investments directly
related to their processing facilities, including, but
not limited to, sawmills and packing.  Finance of
permanent working capital for all of the above,
complementary to the respective investments, will also be
provided under said Sub-loans.
Page  18
Part B:   Institutional Support
1.   Development of up to 16 Demonstration Farms to
validate and extend available farm technology already
adapted to the corresponding Agro-ecological Zone under
technological packages to be prepared in respect of each
Demonstration Farm by Comision, Direccion, and the farm
owner or operator in question who would have agreed to
the implementation of such plan and to allow such Farm to
be used as a demonstration unit for Comision to diffuse
the technology in question.
2.   Execution of an applied research program on specific
problems of pastures and pasture management concentrated
on pasture genetic material, fertilization, pasture
management and use, extensive pasture improvements,
forage conservation, feed supplementation, weed control,
insects and disease problems, pasture renovation and
inoculation of Rhizobium and other topics agreed from
time to time between the Bank and Comision on behalf of
the Borrower.  This program will consist of specific
studies on the above topics to be carried out by
Direccion and other entities acceptable to the Bank under
the guidance and coordination of Comision.
3.   Execution of a training program consisting of: (a)
special courses for farm foremen with varying class
frequency, these courses to be conducted by Comision; (b)
scholarships abroad for young persons willing to
undertake a career as farm managers to enhance during a
period of approximately nine months their skills in
practical aspects of livestock and cropping enterprises
and in the concept of the farm as a business unit,
comprising living on a farm, participating in all farm
activities, working in close association with the farmer
in question, and undertaking short periods of study to
correlate theoretical and practical aspects of farming
together with the initial and final week of the training
period and every five-to-six weeks during said period;
(c) development of extension skills and techniques of
agronomists and veterinarians who are involved in the
transfer of technical and economic information to farmers
through a series of intensive courses in extension
methods to be developed, and initially conducted, by a
foreign consultant who will also train selected Uruguayan
trainers in course development and training techniques to
enable then to develop and conduct further! courses on
same subjects; and (d) about seven scholarships abroad
for scientists and highly skilled technicians residing in
Uruguay willing to study the following agricultural
related themes:: (i) training of agricultural consultants
and/or extensionists; (ii) control of disease and insect
problems in grasses and legumes; (iii) renovation of
extensive pasture improvement; (iv) pasture management
under intensive sheep breeding; and (v) farm management
techniques for forage conservation for supplemental
winter feeding, provided, however, that the scholarships
for themes under (ii) through (iv) above will be reserved
to scientists.
4.   Execution of a program aimed at strengthening the
institutional framework and personnel skills of Forestal
and the necessary applied research required to promote
forestry investments on a sound basis, such program to
consist of:
     (a)  establishing and maintaining the Executive
Division, with such functions and powers as shall be
required to assist the Borrower in carrying out this Part
B.4 of the Project and to ensure that all forestry
related Sub-projects approved for financing under a
Page  19
Sub-loan under Part A of the Project are consistent with
the provisions of the Borrower's Law No. 15,939 dated
December 28, 1987 and its Regulations;
     (b)  opening and staffing three regional offices for
the Executive Division, to be located in Tacuarembo,
Young and Montevideo in order to decentralize the
procedures related to the approval of Sub-projects and to
the following activities under this part of the Project,
and acquisition and utilization of vehicles therefor;
     (c)  Strengthening of Forestal's present
organization in order to achieve a higher degree of
efficiency in the processing of applications, forestation
programs and incentives, and controlling the two latter,
including acquisition and utilization of computer and
micro-film equipment therefor;
     (d)  provision of technical assistance, mostly
through the visits of internationally qualified
technicians, in the following fields: (i) nursery
techniques; (ii) use of herbicides in plantation
establishment and management; (iii) site preparation and
planting techniques; (iv) logging techniques; (v)
maritime freight for wood products; (vi) medium-size
saw-mill design; (vii) measurement of forest products;
(viii) loading and stowing of vessels with wood products;
(ix) kiln drying of wood; (x) economics of saw-milling,
slicing and peeling; (xi) forest@; fire protection; and
(xii) such other field or fields as the Bank and
Forestal, on behalf of the Borrower, may agree to from
time to time;
     (e)  overseas professional visits by and training of
staff of Forestal to familiarize themselves with the
following subjects:
(i) uses and markets for wood, particularly that produced
from
Eucalyptus grandis; (ii) forest management, particularly
that of
Eucalyptus grandis and Pinus taeda/elliotti; (iii)
agro-forestry; (iv) timber extraction; (v) world markets
for forest products; (vi) economics of the operation of
small saw-mills; (vii) nursery
techniques; (viii) site preparation for tree planting;
(ix) forest fire protection; (x) preparation of
simulation models for stand development; and (xi) such
other subjects, including duration of visits therefor, as
the Bank and Forestal, on behalf of the Borrower, may
agree to from time to time; the subjects listed under (i)
through (vi), and (vii) through (x), above, to be
covered, respectively, by about one-month and about
one-semester visits; and
     (f)  applied research in the following fields: (i)
development of yield tables for Eucalyptus grandis and
Pinus taeda elliotti, based on existing data; (ii) trials
of the different methods of tree establishment for pine
and eucalyptus; (iii) agro-forestry trials to utilize
better the natural grazing aptitudes of soils where trees
will be planted; (iv) trials on the aptitudes for
mechanical conversion of Eucalyptus grandis and pine
wood; and (v) such other fields as the Bank and Forestal,
on behalf of the Borrower, may agree to from time to
time.
Part C:   Assistance to and Promotion Non-traditional
          Agricultural Exports
1.   A non-traditional agricultural export awareness
program that may include actions such as: (a) visits of
Page  20
about one week duration to overseas marketing hubs by
groups of exporters to afford then an opportunity to
appreciate, inter alia, quality standards, receiving,
storage and handling facilities, presentation of produce
at retail outlets, price ranges and margins, Operational
procedures of importers, and to make the first commercial
contact with potential receivers; (b) short visits to
overseas production areas of about ton days duration by
groups of growers who are potential or actual exporters,
and their technicians, to gain experience on variety
performance, cropping techniques and management and
post-harvest management and processing; (c:) technical
field trips in Uruguay of about one to three days
duration by groups of growers, exporters or technical
advisors, to be advised on how to deal with specific
production matters, such as crop management, pest and
disease control, post-harvest management and processing;
(d) short visits to Uruguay by prospective foreign
importers or traders; and (a) short seminars and talks of
about three days to one week duration for groups of 20 to
30 participants on issues such as external marketing,
shipping, packaging, post-harvest treatment, varieties
and quality standards, toxic residues and phyto-sanitary
standards for specific products or group of related
products.
2.   Execution of a non-traditional agricultural export
promotion program consisting of: (a) establishment of a
fund within the Ministry and provision of resources
thereof to enable it to reimburse, on a grant basis, the
lower of the equivalent of $50,000 or 50% of actual
expenditures incurred in respect of each specific action
approved to be carried out under a Selected Set of Export
Promotion Actions; l,b) not less than three annual@
rounds of invitations to submit to the Coordinating Unit,
not more than one by each prospective beneficiary,
proposals of Sets of Export Promotion Actions; (c)
ranking of the said proposals and selection by the
Coordinating Unit of each Selected Set of Export
Promotion Actions and carrying out, by the exporter or
trader or producer or other legal entity or person
responsible for the group of actions in question
(hereinafter the Exporter) of the Actions in question, in
accordance with the terms of the proposal -and of the
corresponding contract to be entered into between the
Borrower, through the Ministry, and the Exporter; and (d)
follow-up and monitoring of the Selected Set of Export
Promotion Actions contracted for and divulgence of the
results thereof, and of the problems met, solutions found
and lessons learned in the carrying out of each such
Selected Set of Export Promotion Actions.
Part D:   Studies
     Execution of studies on the following subjects:
1.   Regulation of, and other constraints to,
agricultural export trade, including technical,
commercial and legal aspects.
2.   Sources and causes of discrimination against, and
protection for, respectively, agricultural export
products and import-substituting products.
3.   A description of prevailing conditions before
commencement of the carrying out of the Project that will
provide a basis for comparison of the impact thereof for
purposes of aid-term and expost evaluation studies to be
carried out pursuant to Section 9.07 (a) and (c) of the
General Conditions, such studies to include: a detailed
estimate of the sources and uses of medium- and long-term
credit in agriculture; an analysis of the current
Page  21
provision -if related technical assistance services and
of the available sources thereof; an analysis of
agricultural exports and their evolution in recent years;
an inventory of planted forest resources and analysis of
their use; an inventory of comercially-oriented fruit and
vegetable production; and an analysis of agro-industrial
facilities, particularly those oriented towards export
markets.
4.   Determination of: (i) alternative ways in which the
policy objectives of allowing product basket price
indices for loan principal adjustment could be achieved
without any possible distortions in lending terms and
conditions, such as development (preferably by the
private sector) of market-based negotiable instruments or
price insurance schemes or other equivalent means: and
(ii) steps required for putting into effects the
alternative way or ways so determined and recommended.
The Project is expected to be completed by December 31,
1996.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                  (expressed in dollars)*
On each June 15 aid December 15
     beginning June 15, 1995
     through December 15, 2004               3,250,000
     The figures in this column represent dollar
equivalents determined as of the respective dates of
withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and
4.03.
                Premiums an Prepayment
     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General
Conditions, the premium payable on the principal amount
of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid shall be the
percentage specified for the applicable time of
prepayment below:
    Time of Prepayment                       Premium
                                   The interest rate (ex-
                                   pressed as a percentage
                                   per annum) applicable to
                                   the Loan on the day of
                                   prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                         0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but                         0.40
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                           0.73
     not more than eleven years
Page  22
     befcre maturity
Moro than eleven years but not                    0.87
     more than thirteen years
     before maturity
More than thirteen years before                   1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section.l.     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Uruguay may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Subject to paragraph 2 below, goods, civil works or
services included in any Sub-project, to be financed by
an Approved Sub-loan and estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $3,000,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from at
least three different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
2.   Goods, civil works or services referred to in
paragraph 1 above, estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of  $1,000,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of normal commercial
practices acceptable to the Bank.
3.   Subject to paragraph 5 below, goods, civil works and
services for Part B of the Project estimated to cost less
than the equivalent of $300,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
4.   Goods and services under Part C of the Project may
be procured  under contracts awarded following normal
commercial practices.
5.   Contracts for items referred to in paragraph 3 aboveaph 3 above
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $30,000,
may be awarded, after soliciting price quotations from
not less than 3 suppliers eligible under the Guidelines,
to the lowest bidder amongst said suppliers, to the
extent that the aggregate of the contracts so awarded
shall not exceed the equivalent of $250,000.
Page  23
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for Part B of the
Project estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
more the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the B&n-k as part of the evidence
to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which
the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (c)(ii)
of this Agreement.
Section II.    Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out
of Parts B, C and D of the Project, the Borrower shall
employ consultants, including the Executive Division
Manager, the Technical Director, and the two other
professionals referred to in paragraph (a) of Section
3.03 of this Agreement, whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank.  Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency' published by the Bank
in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means all
Categories set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement except Category (8);
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for Parts A, B (other than B.4 (d),
(e) and (f)), C.2 and D of the Project and for the
Technical Secretary, and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to the
eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
Page  24
amount equivalent to $6,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be
made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation.  On
the basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts
as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank
               requests for deposits into the Special
               Account at such intervals as the Bank
               shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Bank the documents and other evidence
               required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
               Schedule for the payment or payments in
               respect of which replenishment is
               requested.  On the basis of each such
               request, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
               Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
               and deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.  All such deposits
               shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
               Loan Account under the respective
               eligible Categories, and in the
               respective equivalent amounts, as shall
               have been justified by said documents and
               other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Bank shall reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment
was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
Page  25
with respect to the corresponding Parts of the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.  Thereafter, withdrawal from the
Loan Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the
Loan allocated to the eligible Categories for Parts A, B
(other than B4 (d) and (e) and (f)), C.2 and D of the
Project shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall
specify by the notice to the Borrower.  Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of
the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made
for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant
to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Bank, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request;
or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank
shall so request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified.  Unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding
amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank,
refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Loan Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK
          FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                      CERTIFICATE
               I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
               true copy of the original in the archives
               of the International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development.
                     FOR SECRETARY
Page  26
