Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2300 IN
           (Child Survival and Safe Motherhood Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 20, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2300 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 20, 1992, between INDIA, acting by
its President, (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower expects to obtain from the United Nations
Childrens' Fund (UNICEF) a grant (the UNICEF Grant) in an amount
equivalent to $67,800,000 to assist in financing the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an Agreement (Plan of Operations
(1991-1995)) dated May 1991 (the UNICEF Agreement) entered into
between the Borrower and UNICEF;
      (C)   Part 4 of the Project will be carried out by the
Borrower individually and Parts 1, 2, 3 and 5 of the Project will be
carried out jointly by the Borrower and the Project Entities (as
herein defined) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
Page  2
assistance, the Borrower will make available to the Project Entities
a part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from each of the Project
Entities certain undertakings in respect of the carrying out of
their portion of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "DOHFW" means the Departments/Directorates of Health and
Family Welfare of the respective Project Entities and includes any
successor or successors thereto;
      (b)   "Fiscal Year" means the Fiscal Year of the Borrower
beginning on April 1 and ending on March 31 of the following
calendar year;
      (c)   "Letter of Undertaking" means the Letter of Undertaking
to be obtained by the Borrower from each of the Project Entities
pursuant to Section 3.03 of this Agreement;
      (d)   "MOHFW" means the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
of the Borrower and includes any successor or successors thereto;
      (e)   "Project Entities" means, as the context may require,
any State or Union Territory individually or all States and Union
Territories collectively of the Borrower, including any successor or
successors thereto, which participate in the Project and from which
the Borrower has obtained a Letter of Undertaking; and
      (f)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred sixty million nine hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 160,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Page  3
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1995 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing February 15, 2002 and ending August 15, 2026. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on August 15,
2011 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
Page  4
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part 4 of the Project
individually through MOHFW and Parts 1, 2, 3, and 5 of the Project
jointly with the Project Entities through their respective DOHFW,
all with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate health and family welfare practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause each Project Entity to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the relevant Letter of Undertaking all the
obligations of such Project Entity therein set forth, shall take and
cause to be taken all actions, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate
to enable such Project Entity to perform such obligations, and shall
not take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Associa-
tion shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out and cause
the Project Entities to carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall make such portion of the proceeds of
the Credit available to the Project Entities, as may be required by
them for purposes of carrying out their portion of the Project, in
accordance with the Borrower's standard arrangements for develop-
mental assistance to States or Union Territories, as the case may
be.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (c) of Section 3.01 hereof, the Borrower shall ensure that
each of the Project Entities shall carry out its portion of the
Project in accordance with a Letter of Undertaking satisfactory to
the Association, to be obtained by the Borrower from each of the
Project Entities and submitted to the Association, including the
provisions set forth in Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain and cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower and the Project Entities responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have and cause the Project Entities to have the
Page  5
                   records and accounts referred to in para-
                   graph (a) of this Section including those for
                   the Special Account for each fiscal year audit-
                   ed, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than nine months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of such audits by said audi-
                   tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish or cause to be furnished to the Associa-
                   tion such other information concerning said
                   records, accounts and the audit thereof as the
                   Association shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain or cause to be retained, until at least
                   one year after the Association has received the
                   audit report for the fiscal year in which the
                   last withdrawal from the Credit Account or
                   payment out of the Special Account was made, all
                   records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                   receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Any Project Entity shall have failed to perform any of
its obligations under the relevant Letter of Undertaking.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that any Project
Entity will be able to perform its obligations under the relevant
Letter of Undertaking.
      (c)   The Borrower shall have waived or failed to enforce any
of the provisions of any Letter of Undertaking.
      (d)   Any Letter of Undertaking shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated or repealed without the prior approval of the
Association.
Page  6
      (e)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the pro-
                   ceeds of the UNICEF Grant made to the Borrower
                   for the financing of the Project shall have been
                   suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or
                   in part, pursuant to the terms of the UNICEF
                   Agreement.
            (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                   faction of the Association that: (A) such sus-
                   pension, cancellation or termination is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under such agreement; and
                   (B) adequate funds for the Project are available
                   to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                   conditions consistent with the obligations of
                   the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (c) of
Section 5.01 of this agreement shall occur and continue for a period
of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   The event specified in paragraph (d) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that all conditions precedent to the effective-
ness of the UNICEF Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those
related to the effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.03. The provisions of Section 5.02 of this Agreement
shall cease and determine on the date on which this Agreement shall
terminate or on the date 20 years after the date of this Agreement,
whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                 Telex:
Page  7
                   ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                   New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INDIA
                   By /s/ Lalit Mansingh
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil works                 14,300,000      90%
(2)  Equipment, vehicles,        97,400,000      100% of foreign
     medicines, vaccines,                        expenditures,
     vitamins, information,                      100% of local
     education and communi-                      expenditures
     cation materials, and                       (ex-factory cost)
     maternal and child                          and 80% of local
     health medical supplies                     expenditures for
                                                 other items
                                                 procured locally
(3)  Consultants'   16,900,000                   90%
     services and training
Page  8
(4)  Operating Costs             20,600,000      90% of local
                                                 expenditures
                                                 until March 31,
                                                 1993 and 60%
                                                 thereafter
(5)  Unallocated                 11,700,000
     TOTAL                      160,900,000
                                ===========
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)    the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
     (b)    the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
     (c)    the term "Operating Costs" means the incremental costs
for (i) salaries of additional staff, (ii) reporting fees for
traditional birth attendants, and (iii) operation and maintenance
costs of cold chain equipment and vehicles. The date in Category (4)
of the table set forth in paragraph 1 above refers to date of
receipt by the Association of Applications for withdrawal from the
Credit Account.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawal shall be made in respect of:
     (a)    payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed SDR 15,800,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after November 30, 1990; and
     (b)    expenditures incurred by each of the Project Entities
unless the Borrower has obtained and submitted to the Association a
Letter of Undertaking as required hereunder.
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into to
pay amounts to, or on the order of, the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed under Categories (1), (2), (3) and (4)
out of the proceeds of the Credit such that the aggregate of the
proceeds of the Credit withdrawn under such Categories from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall exceed
the equivalent of SDR 34,000,000 prior to April 1, 1992, SDR
70,000,000 prior to April 1, 1993, SDR 114,000,000 prior to April 1,
1994, and SDR 160,900,000 prior to April 1, 1995 or such other
amount as may be set by the Association by notice to the Borrower,
provided, however, that in respect of Category (4) the aggregate of
the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account and the
total amount of such commitments shall not exceed the equivalent of
SDR 3,000,000 prior to April 1, 1992, SDR 8,000,000 prior to
April 1, 1993, SDR 14,000,000 prior to April 1, 1994 and SDR
20,600,000 prior to April 1, 1995, or such other amount in respect
of Category (4) as may be set by the Association by notice to the
Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to support the first phase
(1991-95) of the Borrower's Maternal and Child Health (MCH) Program
with a view to enhancing child survival, reducing maternal mortality
and morbidity, and increasing the effectiveness of related service
delivery.
Page  9
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
     1.  Sustaining the Borrower's Universal Immunization Program
(UIP), at least to the levels attained at the end of the Borrower's
Seventh Plan period (1989-1990), and expanding UIP to previously
underserviced areas and beneficiaries by provision of medicines,
vitamins, vaccines, MCH medical supplies, additional staff,
immunization cards, operation and maintenance costs of cold chain
equipment and vehicles.
     2.  Strengthening of diarrhoea management and disease control
including social marketing of ORS, prevention and treatment of
nutritional anemia, deworming, control of acute respiratory
infections, Vitamin A prophylaxis and deficiency treatment, newborn
care, and promotion of breast feeding (collectively referred to as
UIP Plus) by provision of Oral Rehydration Salts (ORS), Anti-
microbial Cotrimoxazole, Vitamin A, Iron and Folic Acid (IFA),
deworming and other medicines, and additional staff.
     3.  Supporting Safe Motherhood interventions including
strengthening essential obstetric care and capabilities to treat
obstetric complications, promoting family life education, birth
spacing, timing and post partum counselling at primary and first
referral levels to reduce maternal mortality and morbidity by
provision of equipment, vehicles, civil works, additional staff,
disposable delivery kits, reporting fees for traditional birth
attendants, operation and maintenance costs of equipment and
vehicles, consultants' services, and training.
     4.  Undertaking of a program of operational research including
studies related to the effective implementation of Safe Motherhood
and Child Survival Programs, and the development and reform of
management information systems (MIS) by provision of consultants
services and equipment.
     5.   Expansion, strengthening, and upgrading of existing
Center/State/District capacity in information, education and
communications (IEC), training, supervision, planning, logistics,
procurement and maintenance, and by provision of technical assis-
tance, equipment, vehicles, additional staff, training and IEC
materials, local fellowships and MCH medical supplies; and support-
ing community participation programs to involve communities, non-
governmental organizations, the private sector and government
organizations in the delivery of MCH services.
                               * * *
     The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be grouped
into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or
more.
Page  10
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in India may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Civil works shall be carried out by force account.
2.   (a)    Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) hereof, items or
groups of items for equipment, IEC materials, medicines, and MCH
medical supplies, estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$69,900,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
     (b)    Items or groups of items for equipment, IEC materials,
medicines and MCH medical supplies, estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $28,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.   Items or groups of items for vaccines (except for BCG and
measles vaccines) and vitamins may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
4.   Contracts for BCG and measles vaccines and vehicles may be
awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
     (a)    With respect to each contract awarded under Part A
hereof and the first three contracts awarded in each Fiscal Year
under Part C.2 (a) hereof estimated to cost the equivalent of
$75,000 or more per contract, the procedures set forth in paragraphs
2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior
to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
     (b)    With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)    The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
Page  11
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
     1. The Borrower shall, by January 31 of each year, prepare, in
consultation with the Association and in accordance with a phased
implementation schedule agreed to by the Association, a draft Safe
Motherhood Plan.  The Safe Motherhood Plan shall be implemented in
a timely manner and shall be based on the Safe Motherhood Model Plan
prepared by MOHFW acceptable to the Association.
     2. The Borrower shall, by January 31 of each year, prepare and
submit to the Association for its review, an Annual Plan each
regarding implementation of (i) the UIP Program, (ii) the UIP Plus
Program, and (iii) the Safe Motherhood Program for the following
Fiscal Year of the Borrower. The Borrower shall take into account
the comments and suggestions, if any, made by the Association in the
implementation of the said programs.
     3. (a)  The Borrower shall cause the Project Entities to
institute district planning including community participation and
civil works programs based on MOHFW guidelines acceptable to the
Association for purposes of carrying out the activities under the
Project.
        (b)  The Borrower shall ensure that no district is included
in the Project unless it has completed a district UIP Plus Plan
based on the MOHFW guidelines acceptable to the Association.
     4. The Borrower shall, in consultation with the Association,
establish, by April 1, 1992, National and Regional Maternity
Mortality Review Committees comprising such members and having such
functions and powers necessary to monitor, evaluate and assist MOHFW
in the implementation of the Safe Motherhood Program.
     5. The Borrower shall, by May 1, 1992, institute, on a national
basis, distribution of tasks and work routine changes for health
workers satisfactory to the Association.
     6. The Borrower shall, by April 1, 1993, transfer maintenance
of the cold chain system to the Project Entities.
     7. The Borrower shall appoint or cause the Project Entities to
appoint key additional staff according to a schedule satisfactory to
the Association.
     8. The Borrower shall: (i) utilize key performance indicators,
satisfactory to the Association, for evaluating the progress of the
Project; (ii) furnish to the Association annual monitoring reports
and an end-of-project summative evaluation report focusing on the
impact of the Project; and (iii) take necessary corrective actions
as may be required in implementation of the integrated package of
services of UIP Plus and Safe Motherhood Programs to achieve Project
objectives.
     9. The Borrower shall: (i) review the management information
systems currently used in its health and family welfare programs in
order to assess their conformity with functional guidelines agreed
with the Association; and (ii) indicate to the Association, by April
1, 1992, the modifications it will make to its systems to bring
these into conformity with such guidelines.
Page  12
     10. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) maintain the levels of planned
budgetary allocations for the national Maternal and Child Health
Program as agreed to with the Association for Fiscal Years 1991
through 1995; (ii) consult with the Association before proposing any
major change to such allocations; and (iii) by November 30 of each
year commencing in 1992, furnish to the Association for its review
the annual plan budget allocation for such Program for the following
Fiscal Year.
         (b) The Borrower shall cause the Project Entities to
provide the required budgetary support for undertaking civil works
under the Project.
     11. The Borrower shall maintain its Maternal and Child Health
Care Advisory Committee and shall, by May 1, 1992, institute
mechanisms, satisfactory to the Association, for purposes of
coordinating the activities of the MCH Program and Integrated Child
Development Services Program under the Project.
     12. The Borrower shall, by May 1, 1992, furnish to the
Association for review a phased program of operational research and
studies, including proposed implementation arrangements for the
studies, to be carried out under Part 4 of the Project.
     13. The Borrower shall, by May 31, 1992, enter into an
agreement with UNICEF, satisfactory to the Association, for
assistance in (i) the procurement of selected equipment and
vehicles, and (ii) institution and development of a program to
improve the capacity of MOHFW and DOHFW regarding procurement and
logistics for other equipment and materials necessary for the
effective implementation of the MCH Program.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                   Provisions to be Included in
                      Letters of Undertaking
     Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, each Letter of
Undertaking shall include, inter alia, the following provisions:
     1.     Each Project Entity shall declare its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and to that end, it shall agree to undertake an iden-
tified portion of the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate health and family welfare practices,
and to provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required therefor.
     2.     Each Project Entity shall agree to assume all the
obligations applicable or relevant to the Project Entities under
this Agreement and to take all actions necessary to undertake its
portion of the Project. Each Project Entity shall further agree to
specifically carry out its portion of the Project as follows:
            a.    Each Project Entity shall, for purposes of
carrying out activities under its portion of the Project, agree to
institute district planning and complete a district UIP Plus Plan
including community participation and civil works programs based on
MOHFW guidelines acceptable to the Borrower and the Association;
            b.    Each Project Entity shall, by April 1, 1993, agree
to assume maintenance of the cold chain system transferred to it by
the Borrower;
            c.    Each Project Entity shall agree to appoint key
additional staff according to a schedule satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Association; and
            d.    Each Project Entity shall agree to provide the
required budgetary support for undertaking civil works under the
Project.
Page  13
     3.     Each Project Entity shall agree that procurement of the
goods, works and consultants' services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit under this
Agreement shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     4.     Each Project Entity shall agree that the Borrower or the
Association may from time to time inspect the goods, works and
services under the Project including all records and documents
relating thereto.
     5.     Each Project Entity shall agree to assume and undertake
the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) of the General Conditions in respect of its
Letter of Undertaking and its portion of the Project.
     6.     Each Project Entity shall agree to assume and undertake
to comply or assist the Borrower in complying with the financial
covenants prescribed by Article IV of this Agreement.
     7.     Each Project Entity shall agree that the Borrower may
suspend or terminate its right to use the proceeds of the Credit
made available under this Agreement upon its failure to perform any
obligations under its Letter of Undertaking or upon notice by the
Association that it intends to exercise its remedies under Article
V of this Agreement.
     8.     Each Project Entity shall agree to promptly inform the
Borrower and the Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of its portion of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit under this
Agreement, or the performance of its obligations under its Letter of
Undertaking.
     9.     Each Project Entity shall agree that it shall, from time
to time, at the request of either the Borrower or the Association,
(i) exchange views with the Borrower and/or the Association with
regard to the progress of carrying out activities under its portion
of the Project, its performance under its Letter of Undertaking and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit under this
Agreement, and (ii) furnish all such information related thereto as
may reasonably be requested. Each Project Entity shall further agree
to provide such information as may be required by the Borrower to
fulfill its supervision, monitoring and reporting obligations to the
Association. Each Project Entity shall also agree to afford all
reasonable opportunity for representatives of the Association to
visit any part of its territory for purposes related to the Project.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)    the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
     (b)    the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)    the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $18,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
Page  14
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)    For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)    (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in therespective 
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule,
the Association shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:
     (a)    if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)    once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit
Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
Page  15
6.   (a)    If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)    If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
     (c)    The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
     (d)    Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
