Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3750 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
                   (Northern Border Environment Project)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                            Dated June 10, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3750 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 10, 1994, between the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the
Guarantor) and the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios
Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred sixty eight million Dollars
($368,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations
of the Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such other
obligations as set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations as set
forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth in Schedule 7 to the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to
this end, shall carry out Parts A.1 through A.4, B.2 and B.3 of the Project
through PFPA, Parts A.5 (a), A.6 (b), A.6 (c), B.1 and C of the Project
through INE and Parts A.6 (d), D and E.3 (b) of the Project through SEDESOL,
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with sound technical,
financial, administrative, environmental and managerial standards, as well
as in a manner consistent with the Program. Without limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement,
the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not
as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the
prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be provided,
in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                              Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and, except
as the Bank may otherwise agree, shall not amend or fail to enforce any
provision of such contractual arrangements or of a Subloan Agreement or
Grant Agreement to which it is a party.  The Guarantor shall: (a) exercise
its rights under such contractual arrangements, Subloan Agreements and Grant
Agreements in such manner as to protect the interests of the Guarantor and
the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan; and (b) comply with its
obligations thereunder. The Guarantor shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the performance
by the Guarantor of its obligations under such contractual arrangements,
Subloan Agreements or Grant Agreements. To this end, the Guarantor shall
promptly exercise its rights set forth in paragraphs 1 (c) (vi) and 2 (d)
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement and in paragraph 2 (f) of Schedule 5 to the
loan agreement for the Medium-Size Cities Urban Transport Project (as made
applicable to the Northern Border Environment Project pursuant to Section
3.09 (c) of this Agreement).
      Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out Parts A.1 through A.2
of the Project, through PFPA, according to the annually adjustable
indicators set forth in Annex B of the Implementation Letter.
      (b)   Throughout the course of Project implementation, the Guarantor,
through PFPA, shall carry out the coordination referred to in Part A.4 of
the Project, and in so doing shall make use of the management information
system referred to in Part A.3 of the Project, such system to be established
according to terms of reference set forth in Annex C of the Implementation
Letter.
      Section 3.03. Throughout the course of implementation of Part A.5 (a)
Page  3
of the Project, the Guarantor, through INE, shall maintain, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, a unit (consisting of no more than six
individuals) to coordinate such implementation.
      Section 3.04. (a) With respect to Parts A.5 (a) and B.2 of the
Project, the Guarantor undertakes that, unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, EM Grants and EA Grants will be made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement and elsewhere in this Agreement.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through INE, shall prepare the operational
manual, satisfactory to the Bank and referred to in Part A.6 (b) of the
Project, according to terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor, through INE, shall:  (a) carry out the
assessment and studies referred to in Part B.1 of the Project according to
the schedule set forth in Annex I of the Implementation Letter; and (b)
present the results of each such assessment and studies to the Bank promptly
upon its completion.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Guarantor, through PFPA, shall carry out the
pilot phase referred to in Part B.3 (a) of the Project, as well as the
evaluation referred to in Part B.3 (b) of the Project, in accordance with
the procedures and schedule, if satisfactory to the Bank, recommended as a
result of an implementation study to be carried out pursuant to a September
29, 1993 Japanese Grant Agreement (Trust Fund No. 23017) between the Bank
and the Guarantor.
      (b)   The procedures referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section
shall, inter alia, specify that only four trucks referred to in Part B.3 (a)
of the Project shall be used during the pilot phase, that the residuals
resulting from the waste processed by such trucks shall remain the property
of the enterprise which generated such waste and that proper insurance
mechanisms are in place to cover risks derived from such processing and from
the transport and disposal of any residuals resulting therefrom.
      (c)   The full-scale implementation referred to in Part B.3 (c) of the
Project shall involve approximately ten trucks in addition to the four
specified in paragraph (b) of this Section and shall be carried out or
caused to be carried out according to the same procedures referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section, as such procedures may be modified, in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank, pursuant to the evaluation referred to in
Part B.3 (b) of the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor, through INE, shall carry out or cause to
be carried out Part C of the Project according to the provisions of Schedule
2 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.08. The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall carry out or cause
to be carried out Part D of the Project according to the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.09. (a) With respect to Part E.1 of the Project, the
provisions of Sections 3.02 and 3.04 of the Guarantee Text for the Second
Water Supply and Sanitation Sector Project shall apply.
      (b)   With respect to Part E.2 of the Project, the provisions of
Sections 3.03, 3.04, 3.05 and 3.10 of the Guarantee Text for the Second
Solid Waste Management Project shall apply.
      (c)   With respect to Part E.3 of the Project, the provisions of
Section 3.02 (a), (c) and (d) of the guarantee agreement for the Medium-Size
Cities Urban Transport Project shall apply.
      Section 3.10. (a) The Guarantor, through PFPA with respect to Parts
A.1 through A.4, B.2 and B.3 of the Project, through INE with respect to
Parts A.5 (a), A.6 (b), A.6 (c), B.1 and C of the Project and through
SEDESOL with respect to Parts A.6 (d), D and E.3 (b) of the Project, shall
maintain records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in
connection with the Parts of the Project referred to in this paragraph.
Page  4
      (b)   The Guarantor, through the entities referred to in paragraph (a)
of this Section and with respect to the Parts of the Project referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section, shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and
                  procedures consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such
                  year, a certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                  said records and accounts as well as the audit thereof as
                  the Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to the Parts of the Project
referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section for which withdrawals from the
Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, or for all
such expenditures with respect to which withdrawals were made from the
Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower all records,
accounts and information necessary to allow the Borrower to perform its
obligations punctually under Section 5.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.11. Throughout the course of Project implementation, the
Guarantor shall:  (a) through SEDESOL and in a manner consistent with the
terms of reference set forth in Annex D of the Implementation Letter,
maintain, staff and operate OASP so as to coordinate and monitor
implementation of the Project; as well as (b) maintain in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank the SEDESOL staff referred to in Section 7.01 (b)
of the loan agreement for the Medium-Size Cities Urban Transport Project and
the professional specialists and consultants referred to in Section 3.02 (a)
of the Guarantee Text for the Second Solid Waste Management Project.
      Section 3.12. Throughout the course of Project implementation, the
Guarantor, through OASP and using a management information system to be made
operational by SEDESOL no later than September 30, 1994, shall prepare the
following semestral reports on Project progress and submit such reports and
provide any other assistance to the Borrower so as to permit the Borrower
to comply with its obligations under Section 4.06 of the Loan Agreement:
      (a)   reports, based on data provided by PFPA, on imple- mentation of
Parts A.1 through A.4, B.2 and B.3 of the Project as measured in part
according to the annually adjustable indicators set forth in Annex B of the
Implementation Letter and the reports referred to in paragraph 2 (d) (i) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   reports, based on data provided by INE, on imple- mentation of
Parts A.5 (a), A.6 (b), A.6 (c), B.1 and C of the Project as measured in
part according to the annually adjustable indicators set forth in Annex B
of the Implementation Letter and the reports referred to in paragraphs 1 (d)
(iv) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   reports, based on data provided by SEDESOL, on imple- mentation
of Parts A.6 (d), D and E.3 (b) of the Project.
      Section 3.13. (a) The Guarantor, through CNA, SEDESOL, PFPA, INE and
SHCP, shall participate in periodic reviews of Project implementation to be
held in conjunction with the Bank and the Borrower each month of May and
November during Project imple- mentation, beginning in November 1994. Each
such review shall, based inter alia on the reports referred to in Section
3.12 of this Agreement and in Section 4.06 of the Loan Agreement, examine
the status of Project and Program implementation and the topics referred to
in Annex E of the Implementation Letter.
      (b)   Each such November review shall conclude with the joint
preparation by the Guarantor and the Borrower of a plan of action,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be carried out or caused to be carried out by
Page  5
the Guarantor (with respect to Parts A.1 through A.4, A.5 (a), A.6 (b)
through (d), B, C, D and E.3 (b) of the Project) during the immediately
subsequent fiscal year.
      (c)   The Guarantor, through CNA, SEDESOL, PFPA, INE and SHCP, shall
participate in a Project implementation midterm review to be held with the
Bank and the Borrower as part of the May review to be held in 1997. During
such midterm review, a more comprehensive evaluation of Project achievements
and prospects than is possible during other periodic reviews shall be
carried out, under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.14. With respect to Parts A.1 through A.4, A.5 (a), A.6 (b)
through (d), B, C, D and E.3 (b) of the Project, the Guarantor shall carry
out, or cause to be carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of the
Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Guarantor is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
            Oficina 4037
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                            1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By /s/ Guillermo Ortiz Martinez
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  6
                        By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
                                SCHEDULE 1
                       Procedures for and Terms and
                   Conditions of EA Grants and EM Grants
1.    With respect to EM Grants, the following provisions shall apply:
      (a)   Costs for an EM Subproject carried out by an EM Recipient shall
be partially covered by the EM Recipient's own resources (which in no case
may include EM Recipient borrowings of any sort). The remaining costs of an
EM Subproject shall be covered by an EM Grant.
      (b)   An EM Recipient shall not receive an EM Grant for purposes of
carrying out an EM Subproject unless a diagnostic, consisting of the
identification of the EM Recipient's environmental management institutional
strengthening needs and design of a technical assistance (and goods, if
necessary) package to meet such needs, has been completed (or caused to be
completed) by the Guarantor, through INE. As part of such identification
(and under terms of reference set forth in the operational manual referred
to in Section 3.04 (b) of this Agreement), the Guarantor, through INE, shall
prepare (or cause to be prepared), the action plans, evaluation schemes and
indicators referred to in such operational manual.
      (c)   EM Grants shall be made on terms whereby the Guarantor shall
obtain, by written EM Grant Agreement with the EM Recipient, rights adequate
to protect the interests of the Bank and the Guarantor, including the right
to:
            (i)   require the EM Recipient to carry out the EM Subproject
                  with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                  sound technical, financial, administrative and managerial
                  practices;
           (ii)   require that: (A) the goods and services to be financed
                  out of the proceeds of the EM Grant shall be procured in
                  accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
                  Agreement; and (B) such goods and services shall be used
                  exclusively in the carrying out of the EM Subproject;
          (iii)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of the
                  Bank if the Bank shall so request, such goods included in
                  the EM Subproject, the operation thereof, and any
                  relevant records and documents;
           (iv)   require that the EM Recipient shall take out and
                  maintain, with responsible insurers, insurance which
                  shall cover hazards incident to the acquisition,
                  transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the
                  proceeds of the EM Grant to the place of use or
                  installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made payable
                  in a currency freely usable by the EM Recipient to
                  replace or repair such goods;
            (v)   obtain all such information as the Bank or the Guarantor
                  shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to
                  the administration and operations of the EM Recipient and
                  to the benefits to be derived from the EM Subproject; and
           (vi)   suspend or terminate the right of the EM Recipient to the
                  use of the proceeds of the EM Grant upon failure by such
                  EM Recipient to perform any of its obligations under any
                  EM Grant Agreement.
      (d)   EM Grant Agreements shall also include provisions whereby:
            (i)   the EM Recipient shall maintain records and separate
                  accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
Page  7
                  accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in
                  respect of the EM Subproject;
           (ii)   the EM Recipient shall: (A) have the records and accounts
                  referred to in subparagraph (d) (i) of this paragraph for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures consistently
                  applied, by independent and qualified auditors acceptable
                  to the Guarantor; (B) furnish to the Guarantor as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than six months
                  after the end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Guarantor shall have reasonably requested; and (C)
                  furnish to the Guarantor such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Guarantor shall from time to time
                  reasonably request;
          (iii)   the EM Recipient shall present to the Guarantor
                  documentation justifying the expenditures to which EM
                  Grant withdrawals shall apply, and the documentation
                  shall be such as would be acceptable by the Bank for
                  processing withdrawal applications presented by the
                  Borrower under the Loan Agreement; and
           (iv)   the EM Recipient shall carry out the action plans
                  referred to in subparagraph (b) of this paragraph and
                  report every six months to the Guarantor on the progress
                  of the EM Subproject (as such progress is measured by the
                  indicators referred to in said subparagraph).
      (e)   EM Grant Agreements shall provide that the EM Recipient must
contribute, from its own resources (either in cash or in kind), inputs for
the EM Subproject to cover costs not covered by an EM Grant.
      (f)   EM Grant Agreements with a municipal EM Recipient shall also
provide as follows:
            (i)   that the EM Recipient's State agrees that procurement of
                  the goods and services required for the EM Subproject and
                  to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
                  governed by provisions identical to those of Schedule 4
                  to the Loan Agreement; and
           (ii)   that the EM Recipient's State shall support the EM
                  Recipient's performance of the obligations of the EM
                  Recipient set forth in the EM Grant Agreement.
      (g)   An EM Grant Agreement may take the form of a Mexican
administrative law instrument known as a Coordination Agreement (Acuerdo de
Coordinacion) between the Guarantor, the EM Recipient and, if necessary, the
EM Recipient's State. Contractual provisions set forth or referred to in
subparagraphs (c), (d) or (e) of this paragraph need not be set forth in
detail in an EM Grant Agreement as long as such provisions appear in the
operational manual referred to in Section 3.04 (b) of this Agreement and the
EM Grant Agreement contains a clause obligating the EM Recipient (and its
State when such State is a party to such EM Grant Agreement) to abide by the
terms of such operational manual.
2.    With respect to EA Grants, the following provisions shall apply:
      (a)   EA Grants shall be made only to industrial enterprises which:
(i) are small-size (that is, have 100 or fewer employees and annual sales
equivalent to no more than the equivalent of 1,115 minimum salaries, as such
minimum salaries are defined by Mexican labor law) or are medium-size (that
is, have 250 or fewer employees and annual sales equivalent to no more than
the equivalent of 2,010 minimum salaries, as such minimum salaries are
defined by Mexican labor law); (ii) operate in the automobile, motor and
auto part, textile, radio and television part, electrical installation part,
glassware, plastic and synthetic resin, iron, copper or chemical sectors;
and (iii) operate in the States of Baja California, Nuevo Leon, Chihuahua,
Coahuila, Tamaulipas, Sonora, Veracruz, Jalisco, Mexico and Guanajuato.
Page  8
      (b)   In the case of small-size industrial enterprises, EA Grants
shall be made for no more than 50% of the cost of the technical assistance
referred to in Part B.2 of the Project, and each such EA Grant shall be for
no more than $16,000 equivalent per small-size industrial enterprise. In the
case of medium-size industrial enterprises, EA Grants shall be made for no
more than 25% of the cost of the technical assistance referred to in Part
B.2 of the Project, and each such EA Grant shall be for no more than $24,000
equivalent per medium-size industrial enterprise.
      (c)   Any otherwise eligible industrial enterprise may receive an EA
Grant for technical assistance to carry out an action plan referred to in
Part B.2 of the Project only if such enterprise: (i) has, with the support
of an EA Grant, carried out an audit referred to in Part B.2 of the Project;
or (ii) has, without the support of an EA Grant and after January 1, 1994,
carried out a PFPA-approved audit referred to in Part B.2 of the Project.
      (d)   (i)   EA Grants shall be made pursuant to written EA Grant
                  Agreements containing the same provisions, mutatis
                  mutandis, as are contained in EM Grant Agreements
                  according to paragraphs 1 (c) (i), (ii), (iii), (v) and
                  (vi), 1 (d) (iii) and 1 (e) of this Schedule. EA Grant
                  Agreements shall also contain provisions whereby the EA
                  Recipient shall report every six months to PFPA on the
                  progress of the EA Subproject. Disbursements of an EA
                  Grant shall be made by or on behalf of the Guarantor
                  directly (without passing through the EA Recipient) to
                  the consultants who provide the technical assistance
                  referred to in Part B.2 of the Project.
           (ii)   An EA Grant Agreement may (if entered into to cover the
                  technical assistance costs incurred in carrying out
                  environmental audits referred to in Part B.2 of the
                  Project) take the form of a PFPA instrument known as a
                  Collaboration Framework (Bases de Colaboracion) between
                  the Guarantor and the EA Recipient and (if entered into
                  to cover the technical assistance costs incurred in
                  carrying out action plans referred to in Part B.2 of the
                  Project) take the form of a PFPA instrument known as a
                  Cooperation Agreement (Convenio de Concertacion) between
                  the Guarantor and the EA Recipient.
3.    No expenditures for goods or services required for an EM Subproject
or an EA Subproject shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of
the Loan unless:
      (a) the EM Grant or the EA Grant shall have been approved by the Bank
and such expenditures shall have been made after the date on which the Bank
shall have approved the application referred to in paragraph 4 (a) of this
Schedule in respect of such EM Grant or EA Grant; or
      (b) the EA Grant for such EA Subproject is a free-limit EA Grant, in
which case no application to the Bank and no prior approval of the Bank is
required, but the information required under paragraph 4 (a) of this
Schedule in respect of such EA Grant shall be kept by the Guarantor for the
Bank's information and ex post review. For the purposes of this Agreement,
a free-limit EA Grant shall be: (i) each one of the first five EA Grants to
cover the technical assistance costs incurred in carrying out environmental
audits referred to in Part B.2 of the Project; and (ii) each one of the
first five EA Grants to cover the technical assistance costs incurred in
carrying out action plans referred to in Part B.2 of the Project.
4.    (a)   When presenting an EM Grant or an EA Grant to the Bank for
approval, the Guarantor shall cause the Borrower to furnish to the Bank an
application, in form satisfactory to the Bank, which application shall
include, inter alia:  (i) in the case of an EM Grant, the final draft EM
Grant Agreement and a summary description of the objectives, measures to
attain such objectives and costs of the EM Subproject in question; and (ii)
in the case of an EA Grant, the final draft EA Grant Agreement and a summary
description of the objectives, measures to attain such objectives and costs
of the EA Subproject in question.
Page  9
      (b)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provisions of
subparagraph (a) of this paragraph shall be presented to the Bank on or
before July 31, 1998.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                 Biological Diversity and Ecological Areas
1.    Ecological areas referred to in Part C.1 (a) of the Project shall be
identified as suitable for legal protection only if they meet the
eligibility criteria set forth in Annex F of the Implementation Letter.
2.    Management Plans and Operating Plans, all satisfactory to the Bank,
shall be prepared or caused to be prepared by the Guarantor, through INE,
according to the schedule set forth in Annex F of the Implementation Letter.
3.    The Guarantor, through INE, shall carry out (or cause to be carried
out) all Emergency Plans, Management Plans and Operating Plans in accordance
with their terms.
4.    Studies under Part C.2 of the Project shall be carried out by the
Guarantor, through INE, according to the schedule set forth in Annex F of
the Implementation Letter.
5.    Training under Part C.3 of the Project shall be carried out by the
Guarantor, through INE, according to the schedule set forth in Annex F of
the Implementation Letter.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                               Street Paving
1.    Only streets meeting the following requirements shall be eligible for
paving under Part D of the Project:
      (a)   water supply and sewerage pipes are already installed along the
street;
      (b)   at least 80% of the heads of households on properties with
frontage on the street have signed a paving request to the relevant
municipality, prepared by the local Solidarity Committee, and have in such
request indicated their agreement to contribute a percentage, in cash or in
kind, of the cost of such paving;
      (c)   the request referred to in subparagraph (b) of this paragraph
includes technical specifications for the paving which indicate that: (i)
the width of the street between both curbs shall be between seven and eleven
meters (the minimum seven meters to consist of two traffic lanes and any
additional width to be used for parking, with the painting of individual
parking space demarcations to be done by the relevant municipality if it so
wishes); and (ii) the cost of the paving shall not exceed the equivalent
(based on January 1994 construction material price levels prevalent in
Mexico) of $22 per square meter of paved surface; and
      (d)   the request referred to in subparagraph (b) of this paragraph
is approved by the municipality, the relevant State and SEDESOL.
2.    The Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall cause paving under Part D of the
Project to be carried out by municipalities and/or by Solidarity Committees
in accordance with the following provisions:
      (a)   the provisions of the PRONASOL Manual shall be adhered to, such
provisions to be satisfactory to the Bank;
      (b)   the cost of the paving (to the extent not covered by
contributions referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of this Schedule) shall be
covered 50% by grants transferred from the Guarantor to the relevant State
and 50% by grants from such relevant State's own resources, all such federal
and State grants to then be transferred by such State to the relevant
municipality and, if the paving is to be carried out by a Solidarity
Committee, by the municipality to the Solidarity Committee;
      (c)   the relevant State, municipality and Solidarity Committee shall
(so as to assist the Guarantor in complying with its obligations under
Page  10
Section 3.10 of this Agreement) maintain appropriate records and separate
accounts and allow the Guarantor to carry out appropriate audits of such
records and accounts;
      (d)   procurement of goods, works and services for the paving shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement;
      (e)   in the case of paving carried out by a Solidarity Committee, all
labor shall be provided for free by community members as part of the
contribution referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of this Schedule; and
      (f)   the Guarantor, through SEDESOL, shall encourage Solidarity
Committees to, on their own account:  (i) sweep dust off the streets paved
under the Project so as to prevent its accumulation thereon; and (ii) pave,
stabilize or otherwise treat areas between each curb of such paved streets
and the property lines facing such curb so as to minimize dust emissions
from such areas.
3.    Of the streets paved under Part D of the Project up until December 31,
1995, 60% shall have their pavement connect directly to an already existing
paved street. Such percentage shall be 75% for such streets paved during
1996 and 90% for such streets paved during each year of Project
implementation thereafter.
4.    SEDESOL shall hire consultants to provide technical assistance to
those Solidarity Committees which request help in preparing the requests
referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of this Schedule.
5.    SEDESOL shall carry out a study, under terms of reference satisfactory
to the Bank, to monitor dust levels in urban areas within the Border Area
so as to measure the effects of street paving on such levels. Consultants
to carry out such study shall be hired no later than March 31, 1996.
