Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2899 JM
                    Loan Agreement
            (Education Program Preparation
               and Student Loan Project)
                        between
                        JAMAICA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated February 10, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2899 JM
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 10, 1988, between JAMAICA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS   (A)  the Borrower, having satisfied itself
as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested
the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
     (B)  Part D of the Project will be carried out by
the Students' Loan Bureau (the SLB) established by the
Students' Loan Fund Act, as defined in this Agreement,
with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will take available to the SLB
part of the proceeds of the Loan as provided in this
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
Page  2
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and the SLB;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "MOE" means the Borrower's Ministry of
Education;
     (b)  "PIU" means the Project Implementation Unit of
MOE referred to in Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement;
     (c)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and the SLB of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project
Agreement;
     (d)  "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the borrower and the SLB pursuant
to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
     (e)  "SLB Regulation" means the Students' Loan Fund
Regulations 1983 which were issued by the Students' Loan
Council pursuant to Section 10 of the Students' Loan Fund
Act and became effective on May 2, 1983, as amended to
the date of this Agreement;
     (f)  "EDCO" means the Estate Development Company
Ltd, at agency of the Borrower's Ministry of Construction
charged with the responsibility for the construction of
public facilities in Jamaica;
     (g)  "Special Account' means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (h)  "MOE Sub-Project" means Parts A, B and C of the
Project;
     (i)  "Annual Program" means the program referred to
in Section 2.01  (c) of the Project Agreement;
     (j)  "Plan of Action" means the plan of action for
institutional improvements to be carried out by the SLB
as set forth in the Schedule to the Project Agreement, as
such Schedule may be amended from time to time; and
     (k)  "Students' Loan Fund Act" means the act on
student loans enacted by the Borrower and came into force
on July 1, 1971.
                      ARTICLE II
Page  3
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eight million three hundred
thousand dollars ($8,300,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a)  The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Borrower and the Bank, for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in Bank of Jamaica on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Bank.  Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be December
31, 1991 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half percent per annum
above the Cost of Qualified Borrowing or the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
         (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
        (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
       (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or
               the second six months of a calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable
semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
principal amount of the Loan in accordance with the
Page  4
amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01.  (a)  The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and to this end, shall:
(i) carry out the MOE Sub-Project through PIU with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, engineering and educational
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds facilities, services and other resources required
for the MOE Sub-Project; and (ii) cause the SLB to
perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of the SLB therein set
forth, shall take or cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
the SLB to perform such obligations, and shall not take
or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
     (b)  Without limitation to the provisions of
paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall make available to
the SLB, as a grant, on a timely basis, the portion of
the proceeds of the Loan allocated to Part D of the
Project and any additional funds and resources as
required by the SLB to carry out Part D of the Project,
under a subsidiary agreement satisfactory to the Bank.
     (c)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as to protect the
Interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish
the purposes of the Loan, and except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Agreement or any
provision thereof.
     (d)  Without limitation to the provisions of
paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall maintain, until
the Bank has received the report referred to in Section
9.07 (c) of the General Conditions, a project
implementation unit in charge of the implementation of
the MOE Sub-Project, with staffing, functions and
organizational structure satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 3.02.  Without limitation to the provisions
of Section 3.01 above, and in order to assist the PIU in
the carrying out of the MCE Sub-Project, the Borrower
shall: (a) establish and thereafter maintain a technical
advisory committee and a review committee, each with
participating entities, representation, functions and
personnel satisfactory to the Bank; and (b) appoint in
the PIU a Project Coordinator and an Educator with
qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 3.03.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions ut Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.04.  For purposes of carrying out the
civil works under Parts A and B.1 of the Project, the
Borrower shall enter into contractual arrangements with
EDCO, satisfactory to the Bank, such arrangements to
provide, inter alia, for the preparation by EDCO of
designs and bidding documents, and for the supervision of
Page  5
the civil works under such Parts of the Project.
     Section 3.05.  Without limitation to the provisions
of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Bank by February 28 and August 31 of
each year, starting August 31, 1988, an evaluation of the
progress made in the execution of the Project, as of the
preceding semester ending December 31 and June 30,
respectively, of such scope and in such detail as the
Bank shall reasonably request.
     Section 3.06.  The Borrower shall, not later than
December 31, 1988, establish, and thereafter maintain,
school maintenance committees satisfactory to the Bank in
all schools included under the Project.
     Section 3.07.  The Borrower shall: (a) not later
than June 30, 1990, submit to the Bank for the Bank's
review the conclusions of the studies under Part C of the
Project; and (b) not later than December 31, 1990, submit
to the Bank a program, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
implementation of the recommendations of such studies.
     Section 3.08.  The Bank and the Borrower hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06 and 9.07 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules and records and reports, respectively) in
respect of Part D of the Project shall be carried out by
the SLB pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Project
Agreement.
     Section 3.09.  The Borrower shall take all action as
shall be necessary to enable the SLB to comply with the
provisions of Section 3.04 of the Project Agreement,
including, if necessary, enactment of legislation.
satisfactory to the Bank, for improving the recovery of
loans made by the SLB.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a)  The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
MOE Sub-Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the MOE Sub-Project
or any part thereof.
     (b)   The Borrower shall:
         (i)   have the accounts referred to in
               paragraph (a) of this Section including
               the Special Account for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
        (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested;
       (iii)   furnish to the Bank monthly statements of
               the Special Account; and
Page  6
        (iv)   furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said accounts and
               the audit thereof and said records as the
               Bank shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
         (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, separate records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
        (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
       (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
        (iv)   ensure that such separate accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report thereof contains, in respect
               of such separate accounts, a separate
               opinion by said auditors as to whether
               the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in
               respect of such expenditures were used
               for the purposes for which they were
               provided.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  The SLB shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that the SLB will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
     (c)  The Students' Loan Fund Act shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as
to affect materially and adversely the ability of the SLB
to perform any of its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of the SLB or for the
suspension of its operations without having established
or appointed an agency, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
carrying out of Part D of the Project.
     (e)  The SLB shall have failed to apply the SLB
Regulation in such a way as to materially and adversely
affect the efficient execution of Part D of the Project.
Page  7
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and
(e) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and the SLB;
     (b)  the Borrower has entered into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.04 of this
Agreement;
     (c)  the committees referred to in Section 3.02 (a)
of this Agreement have been established; and
     (d)  the Project Coordinator and the Educator
referred to in
Section 3.02 (b) of this Agreement have been appointed.
     Section 6.02.  The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank.
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the SLB, and is legally binding
upon the SLB in accordance with its terms;
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and the SLB, and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and the SLB in
accordance with its terms; and
     (c)  that the contractual arrangements referred to
in Section 3.04 of this Agreement have been duly executed
and are legally binding upon the parties thereto in
accordance with their terms.
     Section 6.03.  The date May 10, 1988 hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Minister responsible for Finance
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Page  8
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance and Planning
          30 National Heroes Circle
          Kingston
          Jamaica
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINFIN                   2447 FINANCE
               Kingston
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington,  D.C.  20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248L23 (RCA) or
                                        64145  (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be a signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    JAMAICA
                    By /s/ Keith Johnson
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL RANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Shahid Husain
                              Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and  the
Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE I
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                   Amount of the
                  Loan Allocated           % of
                   (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category   Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
Page  9
(1)  Works                    2,300,000      40%
(2)  Goods includ-    500,000           100% of foreign
     ing installa-                      expenditures and
     tion where                              80% of local
     applicable                              expenditures
(3)  Consultants'    1,900,000               100%
     services and
     fellowships
(4)  Credits under   2,600,000               75% of
local
     Part D of the                      expenditures
     Project
(5)  Unallocated              1,000,000
          TOTAL               8,300,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $830,000 may be made on account
of payments made before that date but after September 1,
1986.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The main objective of the Project is to assist the
Borrower in: (a) developing its preparatory work to
improve the quality and cost-effectiveness of its
education system, including its basic education; and (b)
improving and expanding its student loan program.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:
     Consolidation of about 20 small all-age schools, as
listed in Annex I to this Schedule (as such Annex may be
changed from time to time by agreement between the
Borrower and the Bank), into larger schools, including:
(a) upgrading of existing facilities, (b) construction,
furnishing and equipping of about 40 new classrooms, and
(c) construction of new sanitary facilities.,
Part B:
1.   Carrying out of a training program for teachers,
Page  10
aimed to develop their skills in: (a) adequate
utilization of textbooks; (b) multigrade teaching; (c)
student evaluation; (d) curriculum content and
development; (e) educational administration; and (f)
utilization of community resources for school activities;
including the acquisition and utilization of training
materials and equipment and the construction of a small
in-service teacher training center.
2.   Improvement of MOE's capabilities in education
planning and administration, facilities planning and
management, teacher education, curriculum development and
evaluation, and in statistics, information and financial
management by means of:
     (a)  the provision of training and fellowships for
the education and managerial staff of MOE; and
     (b)  the acquisition and utilization of
micro-computer systems.
Part C:
     Carrying out of studies on:
     (a)  school administration and maintenance of the
Borrower's school network;
     (b)   the Borrower's proposed secondary school level
reform;
     (c)  the unit costs of the secondary, tertiary and
higher
education and the financing of such costs; and
     (d)  the Borrower's student loan scheme.
Part D:
1.   Provision of credits to students at the higher
education level, for purposes of financing tuition fees,
living expenses,, learning materials and transportation
costs.
2.   Acquisition and utilization of micro-computer
systems for the SLB.
The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1991.
                  ANNEX TO SCHEDULE 2
Central Schools to receive              All-age Schools
to become
students of Grades 7 - 9                primary schools
Port Morant - All Age                   Arcadia
                                   Pear Tree River
Yallahs - Secondary                Easington
Bath - All Age                     Airy Castle
                                   Hayfield
                                   Thornton
Cedar Valley - All Age                  Richmond Gap
                                   Woburn Lawn
Morant Bay - Secondary                  Morant Bay
                                   Johns Town
Page  11
                                   Lyssons
                                   White Horses
                                   Wilmington
Gregory Park - Secondary           Gregory Park
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                        (expressed in
dollars)*
On each January 15 and July 15
     beginning July 15, 1992
     through   July 15, 2004              320,000
On January 15, 2005                     300,000
     The figures in this column represent dollar
equivalents determined as of the respective dates of
withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and
4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of
Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                                   The interest rate
                                   (ex- pressed as a
                                   percentage per
                                   annum) applicable
                                   to the balance
                                   outstandingon  the
                                   Loan  on  the  day
                                   of prepayment
                                   multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.18
     before maturity
More than three years but                    0.35
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                      0.65
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity
More than 11 years but not                   0.88
     more than 15 years
     before maturity
More than 15 years before                    1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
Page  12
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Jamaica may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for: (a) civil works; (b) furniture up to
an aggregate amount to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan not to exceed the equivalent of $200,000; and
(c) equipment (excluding micro-computer systems), library
books and instructional material estimated to cost more
than the equivalent of $20,000 but less than the
equivalent of $50,000, up to an aggregate amount to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan not to exceed
the equivalent of $100,000; shall be awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Goods (other than micro-computer systems) which
cannot be grouped in packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of  $20,000 or more, up to an aggregate amount
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan not to
exceed the equivalent of $50,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth In
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
Page  13
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (c)(ii)
of this Agreement.
4.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.    Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in r trying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank.  Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means the
Categories other than Category (5), set forth in the
table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $750,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify.  On the basis of
such requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amounts
as shall be required to replenish the Special Account
with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made
Page  14
out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by the evidence supporting the request for
such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to               paragraph 3 (b)
of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank,
prior to or at the time of such request, such documents
and other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such   payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
         (i)   the Bank shall have determined that all
               further withdrawals should be made
               directly by the Borrower from the Loan
               Account in accordance with the provisions
               of paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
               Agreement; or
        (ii)   the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
               allocated to the eligible Categories,
               minus the amount of any outstanding
               special commitment entered into by the
               Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
               General Conditions with respect to the
               Project, shall be equal to the equivalent
               of twice the amount of the Authorized
               Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice have been or will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank, deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank) an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified.  No further deposit
by the Bank into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
Page  15
