Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2464 PAK
                         Project Agreement
                  (Second Family Health Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                      PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                                and
                        PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                       Dated April 16, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2464 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 16, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF
BALOCHISTAN and PROVINCE OF PUNJAB acting by their respective
Governors (hereinafter referred to as Balochistan and Punjab,
respectively, and collectively as the Provinces and each as a
Province).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-five
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 35,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only
on condition that the Provinces agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement (with the exception of the amount
allocated for Part D of the Project) will be made available to the
Provinces; and
      WHEREAS the Provinces, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
Page  2
have agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Provinces declare their commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
their activities under the Project through their respective
Departments of Health with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering
and public health practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for their activities under the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and the Provinces
shall otherwise agree, the Provinces shall carry out their
activities under the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Provinces shall, each in respect of its
activities under the Project, carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively).
      Section 2.04. (a) The Provinces shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of their obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Provinces shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by the Provinces of their obligations
under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Provinces shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices their operations and financial condition in respect of the
Project.
      (b)   The Provinces shall:
            (i)   have such records and accounts for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
Page  3
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof, as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of the Provinces thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify the
Provinces of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
Page  4
      For Balochistan:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Balochistan
            Quetta, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               7875 BLNSE PK
                  Quetta, Pakistan
      For Punjab:
            Planning and Development Board
            Government of Punjab
            Lahore, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               952-44868
                  Lahore, Pakistan          Punjab Secretariat
                                            Lahore, Pakistan
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of either Province, or by a Province on behalf
of the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken
or executed by the Additional Chief Secretary (Development),
Planning and Development Department in the case of Balochistan, and
by the Chairman, Planning and Development Board in the case of
Punjab, or such other person or persons as said Additional Chief
Secretary or Chairman, as the case may be, shall designate in
writing, and the Provinces shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                                    Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                  PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                  PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                  By /s/ Agha Ghazanfar
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
Page  5
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, equipment, furniture,
vehicles, medicine and contraceptives shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of equipment, furniture, vehicles, medicine
and contraceptives in accordance with the procedures described in
Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Pakistan may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for civil works may be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Except as provided in paragraphs 3 and 4 hereof, equipment,
furniture, medicine and contraceptives estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $200,000 per contract up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $1,700,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
3.    About twelve vehicles estimated to cost an aggregate amount
not to exceed the equivalent of $200,000, and equipment, furniture,
medicine, contraceptives and supplies estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $50,000 per contract up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $1,200,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
4.    Medicines and medical equipment, estimated to cost an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $5,300,000, may be
procured from the United Nations International Children's Emergency
Fund (UNICEF) under arrangements satisfactory to the Association,
and contraceptives, estimated to cost an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $6,700,000, may be procured from the United
Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) under arrangements satisfactory to
the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to the first contract for works to be
awarded in each of the Provinces and thereafter each contract for
works estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, and each
contract awarded under Part A hereof, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of a Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
Page  6
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower and the Provinces in the
carrying out of their respective activities under the Project, the
Borrower and the Provinces shall each employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Each Province shall: (a) implement a phased plan satisfactory
to the Association which shall ensure the provision, through about
one-half of its health facilities by December 31, 1994, and through
all such facilities, by July 31, 1996, of adequate family planning
services; (b) approve by July 31, 1994, an essential drugs list and
introduce such list by December 31, 1994; (c) ensure the acquisition
and availability of all sites required for the construction of
facilities to be constructed in its territory under the Project, not
later than June 30, 1995; (d) establish and adequately staff, not
later than December 31, 1993, a Provincial staff development team to
be responsible for the formulation and implementation of the train-
ing provided under the Project; (e) undertake a review of the
incentives and service conditions of female paramedical staff, both
during training and employment, by July 31, 1994, agree on the
findings of such review with the Association and start the imple-
mentation of agreed measures by December 31, 1994; and (f) undertake
a review of the administrative and staffing implications of the
reorganization of the communicable disease control program to be
carried out under Part A 8 of the Project by July 31, 1994, agree on
the findings of such review with the Association by December 31,
1994, and start the implementation of agreed measures by July 31,
1995.
2.    Each Province shall: (a) establish the PHDC, included in its
territory under Part B (1) (a) of the Project, in accordance with
operational arrangements and staffing plan satisfactory to the
Association; (b) ensure the assignment of about 75% of the staff
included in such staffing plan not later than December 31, 1993, and
the assignment of the remaining staff by December 31, 1994; and (c)
ensure the assignment of about 75% of the staff required for each
DHDC to be established under Part B (1) (a) of the Project during
the first year of operation of such DHDC and the assignment of the
remaining staff during the second year of such operation.
3.    Each Province shall: (a) enter into suitable arrangements with
appropriate local institutions for obtaining technical support for
the Project to begin in the first year of Project implementation and
to continue until Project completion; and (b) not later than March
31, 1994, sign contracts with consultants for the purposes of
improving the institutional capabilities for, and the quality and
efficiency of, health management under Part C of the Project.
Page  7
4.    Each Province shall:
      (a)   together with the Borrower and the Association and not
later than March 31 in each year:
            (i)   review the Province's activities carried out in
                  the last preceding year under its health
                  development program for FY 94-98, including the
                  Project; and
           (ii)   review and agree on the Province's activities to
                  be carried out in the next following year under
                  such health development program including the
                  Project, together with the funding requirements
                  therefor; and
      (b)   ensure that any funding requirements agreed for a given
year under paragraph (a)(ii) above will be reflected in the budget
proposal for such year.
5.    Each Province shall ensure that: (a) adequate development and
recurrent budgetary allocations will be made every year for primary
and rural health care services to be provided under its health
development program for FY 94-98, including the Project; (b)
proposals for such recurrent budgetary allocations, including those
to be made under the Project, will incorporate the recommendations
of the joint review carried out by the Borrower, the Province and
the Association pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 4 (a) above
and reflect the real rate of growth of the gross domestic product;
and (c) in making additional such budgetary allocations, preference
will be given to basic health services and non-salary items.
6.    Each Province shall: (a) subject to the relevant rules
currently under review and by June 30, 1994, delegate powers to the
District Health Officers to hire, transfer and promote staff up to
the level of the Borrower's Basic Pay Scale 12 in their respective
districts; and (b) ensure that financial powers for authorizing
current expenditures for the health sector including those under the
Project will be delegated in practice to the appropriate levels in
the districts in a manner satisfactory to the Association.
7.    Each Province shall, in consultation with the Association and
not later than December 31, 1993, issue an official statement
setting forth the Province's health sector policy, strategy and
priorities.
8.    Each Province shall prepare, and furnish to the Association,
semi-annual progress reports on the implementation of the Project in
the territories of the Province.
9.    Each Province shall, in consultation with the Association and
in accordance with terms of reference and methodology satisfactory
to the Association, undertake and complete by May 31, 1996 a mid-
term review of the Project, and, shall, promptly thereafter, carry
out the recommendations of such review in a manner acceptable to the
Association.
