Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2464 PAK
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Second Family Health Project)
                              between
                   ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated April 16, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2464 PAK
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 16, 1993, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
PAKISTAN acting by its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project (with the exception of Part D thereof) will
be carried out by the Province of Balochistan (Balochistan) and the
Province of Punjab (Punjab) (both referred to collectively as the
Provinces and each as a Province) with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to
the Provinces the proceeds of the Credit, the ODA Grant (as
hereinafter defined) and the KfW Grant (as hereinafter defined)
(except the amount allocated for Part D of the Project) as provided
in this Agreement;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Overseas
Development Administration (ODA) of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland a grant (the ODA Grant) to assist in
Page  2
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the ODA Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and ODA;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Kreditanstalt
f\1ar Wiederaufbau (KfW) of the Government of Germany a grant (the KfW
Grant) to assist in financing the Project on the terms and condi-
tions set forth in an agreement (the KfW Grant Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and KfW; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and the
Provinces;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and the Provinces of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (b)   "MOH" means the Ministry of Health of the Borrower;
      (c)   "Borrower Special Account" means the account to be
opened pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement, to meet expenditures incurred by the Borrower under the
Project;
      (d)   "Balochistan Special Account" means the account to be
opened pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement, to meet expenditures incurred by Balochistan under the
Project;
      (e)   "Punjab Special Account" means the account to be opened,
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement, to
meet expenditures incurred by Punjab under the Project;
      (f)   "Special Accounts" mean collectively the Borrower
Special Account, the Balochistan Special Account and the Punjab
Special Account and "Special Account" means each and any such
account;
      (g)   "PHDC" means a Provincial Health Development Centre to
be established in each Province under Part B (1) (a) of the Project;
      (h)   "BHU" means a Basic Health Unit established in each of
the Provinces;
      (i)   "MCHC" means a Maternal and Child Health Centre
established in each of the Provinces;
      (j)   "DHDCs" means District Health Development Centres to be
established in the Provinces under Part B (1) (a) of the Project;
      (k)   "RHC" means a Rural Health Centre established in each of
the Provinces; and
Page  3
      (l)   "Fiscal Year" or "FY" means the Borrower's or a
Province's fiscal year, as the case may be, covering the period July
1 through June 30.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty-five million Special Drawing Rights (SDR
35,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of its part of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars, and shall cause the
Provinces, for the purposes of their respective parts of the
Project, to open and maintain in dollars, special deposit accounts
in the National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions satis-
factory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not with-
drawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of
June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one
percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on August 1 and February 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each August 1 and February 1
commencing August 1, 2003 and ending February 1, 2028. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 1,
Page  4
2013 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part D of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public health practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for Part D of the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause the Provinces to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of the
Provinces therein set forth, shall take and cause to be taken all
action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services and
other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the Provinces to
perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken
any action which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
(except the amount allocated for Part D of the Project) and the ODA
Grant, and a portion of the KfW Grant available to the Provinces in
accordance with its standard arrangements satisfactory to the
Association.
      (d)   The Borrower shall, together with the Provinces and the
Association and not later than March 31 in each year:
            (i)   review the Borrower's and the Provinces'
                  activities carried out in the last preceding year
                  under their respective health development
                  programs for FY 94-98 in general and under their
                  respective parts of the Project in particular;
                  and
Page  5
           (ii)   review and agree on their activities to be
                  carried out in the next following year under such
                  health development programs and the Project,
                  together with the related funding requirements
                  and the planned budgetary (development and
                  recurrent) allocations therefor.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of
Parts A, B and C of the Project shall be carried out by the
Provinces pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures of MOH in
respect of Part D of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
           (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii)    ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
Page  6
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Either of the Provinces shall have failed to perform any
of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that either of the
Provinces will be able to perform its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
      (c)   The ODA Grant Agreement and the KfW Grant Agreement
shall have failed to become effective by December 31, 1993, or such
later date as the Association may agree; provided, however, that the
provisions of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower
establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that adequate
funds for the Project are available to the Borrower from other
sources on terms and conditions consistent with the obligations of
the Borrower under this Agreement.
      (d)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                  the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                  proceeds of the ODA Grant or the KfW Grant made
                  to the Borrower for the financing of the Project
                  shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                  terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to the
                  terms of the ODA Grant Agreement or the KfW Grant
                  Agreement, as the case may be.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation or termination is not
                  caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                  any of its obligations under the ODA Grant
                  Agreement or the KfW Grant Agreement; and (B)
                  adequate funds for the Project are available to
                  the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                  conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                  Borrower under such Agreements.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that the Executive Committee of the National
Economic Council of the Borrower has approved the PC-1 document with
respect to the Project.
Page  7
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by the Provinces, and is legally
binding upon the Provinces in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary to the Government of Pakistan,
Economic Affairs Division, or any Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Deputy Secretary or Section Officer in the Economic
Affairs Division of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of Pakistan
            Economic Affairs Division
            Islamabad, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECONOMIC                  ECDIV-05-634
                  Islamabad
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                  By /s/ Agha Ghazanfar
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
Page  8
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil works                                90%
     (a) Balochistan           2,480,000
     (b) Punjab                4,660,000
     (c) Borrower                290,000
(2)  Equipment,                                 100% of foreign
     furniture,                                 expenditures,
     vehicles,                                  100% of local
     medicines,                                 expenditures
     contraceptives,                            (ex-factory
     and supplies                               cost) and 60%
                                                of local expen-
                                                ditures for other
                                                items procured
                                                locally
     (a) Balochistan           2,330,000
     (b) Punjab               10,260,000
     (c) Borrower                150,000
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)  Technical                                  100%
     assistance,
     consultants'
     services and
     training
     (a) Balochistan           1,720,000
     (b) Punjab                2,420,000
     (c) Borrower                800,000
(4)  Project                                    100%
     coordination
     (a) Balochistan             450,000
     (b) Punjab                  430,000
     (c) Borrower                 10,000
Page  9
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  Incremental staff                          80% until
     salaries and female                        amounts dis-
     staff incentives                           bursed from the
                                                Credit under this
     (a) Balochistan             970,000        Category reach the
                                                equivalent of
     (b) Punjab                2,690,000        SDR 490,000 for
                                                Balochistan, SDR
     (c) Borrower                220,000        1,350,000 for
                                                Punjab and SDR
                                                110,000 for the
                                                Borrower; 60%
                                                until amounts
                                                disbursed from the
                                                Credit under this
                                                Category reach the
                                                equivalent of
                                                SDR 770,000 for
                                                Balochistan,
                                                SDR 2,160,000
                                                for Punjab and
                                                SDR 190,000 for
                                                the Borrower; and
                                                40% until full
                                                disbursement from
                                                the Credit under
                                                this Category for
                                                Balochistan,
                                                Punjab and the
                                                Borrower,
                                                respectively
(6)  Unallocated               5,120,000
                               _________
       TOTAL                  35,000,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "incremental staff salaries" means the salaries
of health staff appointed by the Borrower and the Provinces to posts
created or revived after July 1, 1993 in their relevant health
departments and agencies for purposes of implementing the Project;
and
      (d)   the term "female staff incentives" means the incentives
offered, inter alia, in the form of training stipends, salary steps,
bonuses, and housing and transport allowances to female health staff
of the Borrower and the Provinces participating in the
implementation of the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 370,000, may be made in respect of Categories (2), (3) and (4)
on account of payments made for expenditures before that date but
Page  10
after June 30, 1992.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower and
the Provinces in improving the health status of the populations in
their respective areas and, to that end, in strengthening their
institutional effectiveness and capacity for the delivery, in
particular, of primary health care and preventive and promotive
services, all through the implementation of their respective health
development programs for FY 94-98.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Strengthening Primary Health Care Services
      The carrying out of activities designed to improve the access
to, and the quality and utilization of, services related to maternal
health care and control of communicable disease, including:
1.    (a)   Expansion of the training program for traditional birth
attendants in the Provinces; and (b) introduction of a scheme of
community health workers in Punjab.
2.    (a)   Placement of additional (particularly female)
paramedical staff in rural health facilities in Balochistan; and (b)
facilitating service outreach by female paramedical staff in the
Provinces.
3.    Strengthening the referral system and enhancing emergency
handling capacity, inter alia, through: (a) provision of improved
communications facilities, including, telephones or, where
necessary, radios for BHUs and RHCs in Punjab; (b) upgrading of
existing emergency facilities including labor rooms at divisional
hospitals in Balochistan and at district hospitals in Punjab; (c)
establishing labor rooms at district hospitals and RHCs in
Balochistan; (d) enhancing the first line referral services
available for obstetric emergencies at key district hospitals and
RHCs in Balochistan and at tehsil hospitals and RHCs in Punjab; (e)
provision of training to physicians in special surgical and
emergency procedures; and (f) provision of transport services and
ambulances, including the carrying out of experiments on
alternatives for emergency transport and communications.
4.    Assistance to non-governmental organizations to construct
additional, and expand or upgrade existing, health and health
training facilities operated and managed by such organizations,
including the carrying out of experimental community health schemes.
5.    Improving health care facilities, inter alia, through: (a)
upgrading of selected MCHCs in Balochistan; (b) equipping of
selected BHUs and MCHCs in the Provinces; and (c) establishment and
operation of temporary satellite clinics.
6.    Provision of essential drugs and supplies to BHUs and MCHCs in
the Provinces, and improving their availability, inter alia,
through: (a) formulating and implementing an approved list of
essential drugs; and (b) reorganizing and decentralizing the
distribution system for medicines and supplies.
7.    Enhancing nutrition activities, inter alia, through developing
and updating nutrition strategies, integrating nutrition education
into the health education programs of MCHCs, BHUs and RHCs.
8.    Reorganizing communicable disease control activities and
strengthening diagnostic capacities, subject to the findings of the
review referred to in paragraph 1(f) of Schedule 2 to the Project
Page  11
Agreement, inter alia, through: (a) taking steps leading to
integration of most vertical communicable disease control programs
at the periphery into the primary care system including changes in
the organizational set-up of out-reach workers and supervisors and
upgrading their technical and managerial skills; (b) decentrali-
zation of authority and responsibility to the district level and
below to facilitate routine management decisions at the local level;
(c) introducing a system of disease surveillance to facilitate
monitoring and upgrading of control strategies; (d) strengthening
the laboratories in the BHUs and RHCs; and (e) establishing a public
health laboratory in Balochistan.
9.    Introducing family planning services in all health care
facilities.
10.   Improving the utilization of health care services, inter alia,
through: (a) strengthening health education activities and
integrating such activities into the work program of primary health
care staff; (b) increasing population awareness on health problems
and encouraging community involvement with local health services;
and (c) assessing the impact of activities to increase service
utilization on health status through studies, experiments and
community based surveillance systems.
11.   Developing and implementing plans for the establishment and
expansion of primary health care services in the urban areas of
Lahore, Bahawalpur and Sarghoda in Punjab and Quetta in Balochistan.
Part B:     Staff Development
1.    Improving staff capabilities and performance and increasing
the number of female paramedical staff, inter alia, through:
      (a)   establishing PHDCs and DHDCs;
      (b)   introducing comprehensive training for existing primary
health care staff;
      (c)   establishing two female paramedical schools in Punjab;
      (d)   strengthening existing training institutions and
programs; and
      (e)   improving the recruitment and retention of female
paramedical staff.
Part C:     Management and Organizational Development
1.    Improving institutional capabilities for health management,
inter alia, through: (a) strengthening of planning capacity; (b)
strengthening of implementation capacity; (c) development of
monitoring and evaluation programs; and (d) preparation of a follow-
up project.
2.    Improving health management quality and efficiency, inter
alia, through: (a) introduction of a management and supervisory
training system; (b) decentralization of authority to the district
level; (c) development of monitoring, information and financial
systems; and (d) strengthening supervisory skills and practices.
Part D:     Federal Primary Health Care Improvement
1.    Improving primary health care services in the Islamabad
Capital Territory, including introduction of a scheme of community
health workers, strengthening of communicable disease control
activities, carrying out of management development, monitoring and
evaluation activities, and strengthening of a non-governmental
female paramedical school in the private sector.
2.    Strengthening health systems research capacity through the
provision of training and technical assistance.
Page  12
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4) and (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in respect of
the Borrower Special Account, an amount equivalent to $200,000, in
respect of the Balochistan Special Account, an amount equivalent to
$800,000 and in respect of the Punjab Special Account, an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000, such amounts to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the relevant Special Account, all
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
relevant  Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish such Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, shall furnish to the
Association a request or requests for a deposit or deposits which do
not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf
of the Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, shall
have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, shall
                  furnish to the Association requests for deposits
                  into the Special Account at such intervals as the
                  Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, shall
                  furnish to the Association the documents and
                  other evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
                  of this Schedule for the payment or payments in
                  respect of which replenishment is requested. On
                  the basis of each such request, the Association
                  shall, on behalf of the Borrower or a Province,
                  as the case may be, withdraw from the Credit
                  Account and deposit into the Special Account such
                  amount as the Borrower or a Province, as the case
                  may be, shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of the Special Account for
                  eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
Page  13
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower or a Province, as the
case may be, out of a Special Account, the Borrower or a Province,
as the case may be, shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into a Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower or a
Province, as the case may be, directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the relevant Authorized
Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower or a Province, as the case may be.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower or a Province, as the case may be,
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit
into the  Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request,
refund to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless
the Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the
Association into the Special Account shall be made until the
Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower or a Province, as the case may be, may,
upon notice to the Association, refund to the Association all or any
portion of the funds on deposit in a Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
