Page  1
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3598 TH
        (Distribution System and Energy Efficiency Project)
                              between
                        KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 30, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3598 TH
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 30, 1993, between KINGDOM OF THAILAND
(the "Guarantor") and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the "Bank").
      WHEREAS: (A) The Guarantor and Metropolitan Electricity
Authority (the "Borrower"), having been satisfied as to the feasibi-
lity and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      WHEREAS: (B) By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to
the Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
and nine million dollars ($109,000,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS: (C) The Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the "General Conditions") constitute
an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is re-lettered as sub-
paragraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor specifi-
cally undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to believe that
the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the Project,
to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to provide
the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be provided with such funds as
are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Article II of this Agreement, and except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall carry out a periodic
review and take such measures (including, but without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of electricity tariffs of the
Borrower) as shall be necessary to produce for the Borrower suffi-
cient revenues to ensure that the Borrower shall comply with its
cash generation, debt service coverage and debt/equity ratio obliga-
tions pursuant to the provisions of Sections 5.02, 5.03 and 5.04 of
the Loan Agreement, respectively.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of
Finance of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
Page  3
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            The Permanent Secretary
            Ministry of Finance
            Rama VI Road
            Bangkok  10400
            Kingdom of Thailand
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINANCE                   82823
                   Bangkok                   FISPOLO TH
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT).
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                         By /s/ Manaspas Xuto
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Abdullah El-Maaroufi
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
