Report No. PID10947
Project Name                     Pakistan-HIV/AIDS Prevention Project (@)
Region                           South Asia Regional Office
Sector                           HIV/AIDS
Project ID                       PKPE74856
Implementing Agency
National Institute of Health
Address: Islamabad, Pakistan
Contact Person:
Tel: 92-51-925-5096
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                July 1, 2002
Auth Appr/Negs Date              June 29, 2002
Bank Approval Date               November 26, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Current Health Status: Pakistan has long lagged its neighbors and many
other low-income countries in terms of health and fertility outcomes
although both contraceptive prevalence and infant mortality rates have
improved during the 1990s. The infant mortality rate was 85/1000 live
births in 2000/01 (Pakistan Reproductive Health and Family Planning Survey
2000-01) as compared to 101/1000 in 1991-1993 (PIHS 1995/96). The total
fertility rate (TFR) is currently 4.8 (Pakistan Reproductive Health and
Family Planning Survey 2000-01) as compared to 5.4 at the beginning of the
1990s (PDHS 1990/91). In spite of the gains, progress has been much slower
than in neighboring countries and appears to be leveling off. An analysis
of the burden of disease (BOD) conducted in 1996 (Pakistan: Towards Health
Sector Strategy, World Bank) indicated that almost 40 percent of the total
BOD was related to communicable diseases, and 12 percent to reproductive
health problems. Nutritional deficiencies accounted for a further 6
percent of the total BOD. Thus, Pakistan appears to be in an early stage
of the epidemiological transition, with basically preventable or readily
treatable diseases primarily affecting young children and women accounting
for a dominant share of morbidity and premature mortality.Determinants of
Health: Further progress in health outcomes will partly depend on factors
outside the health sector, such as advances in primary education,
particularly of girls, and improvements in the social status and power of
women. However, there is also much scope to improve health outcomes
through improvements in health services. For example, routine immunization
coverage nationwide remains low with only 56% of infants receiving DPT3.
Government expenditure on health services is very low, and the public
obtains poor value from what expenditure there is. Public sector health
services suffer from weak management, frequent transfers, lack of
accountability, and imbalances in the object composition of expenditure
(too many staff relative to workload coexisting with insufficient budgets
for key non-salary inputs). The quality of care is often low in the public
sector and quality assurance mechanisms are barely operative. There are
also quality problems and widespread consumer abuse in the largely
unregulated private sector, which accounts for about four-fifths of
outpatient contacts. Initiatives to protect and educate consumers of



health services have been very limited and most households lack access to
risk pooling mechanisms for catastrophic diseases or accidents. The Social
Action Program: Beginning in 1993, the Government tried to address a
number of the above weaknesses through its Social Action Program (SAP),
focusing on programmatic and management reforms with a clear thrust toward
communicable disease control and maternal and child health. However,
progress was limited, especially in improving immunization coverage and
the nutrition of mothers and children. Management and organizational
reforms either were not implemented or implemented halfheartedly with
little effect on the quality of health care. In addition, issues related
to governance including staff absenteeism, lack of adequate measures to
monitor outputs and outcomes and lack of supervision significantly
hindered progress. The Government's Current Health Policy: The GOP's
devolution initiative, while broader than just health, is aimed at
addressing some of the important issues facing the sector by enhancing the
accountability of staff, improving the efficiency and quality of services,
and improving coordination with the private sector. Besides the devolution
initiative, a medium-term strategy for human development has been outlined
in the I-PRSP and the GOP's 2001 Health Policy, which focuses on: (i)
strengthening preventive health services including immunization,
communicable diseases such as malaria, TB, and HIV/AIDS, maternal and
child health, and family planning; (ii) improving the quality of health
care at the tehsil and district headquarter hospitals; and (iii)
strengthening management capacity at the district level. Lessons Learned
in the Government Health Sector: While overall there has been only limited
progress during the last decade in improving the delivery of publicly
funded health services, there are some areas where good results have been
achieved. For example, the number of community-based female health
workers, including female physicians and paramedics has improved
significantly in all provinces, resulting in improved availability of
maternal and child health and family planning services. Similarly, through
the lady health worker (LHW) program, access to primary health care and
family planning services in the periphery has improved. The recent third
party evaluation of the program indicates that those areas with LHWs have
better access to services compared to areas without LHWs (see table 1).
Given the increasing number of LHWs, they could become an important
conduit for health education related to HIV and other diseases. The
experience of these successes and a few others suggests that for the
Government to achieve results on the ground requires: (i) a clear and
coherent strategy; (ii) bold thinking and a willingness to innovate; (iii)
rigorous evaluation of programs; (iv) consistent financing; and (v) strong
and dedicated management.Table 1: Household Survey Results Related to
Service Delivery in Rural Areas With and Without Lady Health Workers,
PercentMeasureLHW AreasControl Areas- of mothers having at least 1
antenatal consultation5338t of mothers receiving at least 1 tetanus toxoid
injection during last pregnancy5130t of currently married women using any
method of contraception3223t of currently married women using modern
method of contraception2215t of children under 3 years ever weighed by
health worker339t of children with diarrhea given more liquids to
drink3215t of children 12-35 months fully vaccinated4745Source: External
Evaluation of the National Program for Family Planning and Primary Health
Care, Oxford Policy Management, May 200lSafety of Blood Transfusion
Services: About 1.2 million units of blood are transfused annually in
Pakistan and a recent external review by WHO and the Swiss Red Cross found
that at least 20t of blood used is inadequately tested for HIV and
- 2 -



Hepatitis B. The actual figure may be higher because in many instances
good records are not being kept, despite the existence of national
guidelines for blood transfusion services. Three of the four provinces of
Pakistan have passed legislation establishing blood transfusion
authorities (BTAs). Unfortunately, none of these BTAs has been formally
constituted and so both the public and private sector blood banks are
unregulated. While there is clearly much work to do, the successful
experience in Punjab is encouraging. Punjab has been able to establish
quality transfusion services in the public sector and had been able to
finance the introduction of Hepatitis C screening using its own
resources.The Government's AIDS Control Program: In recognition of the
threat of HIV, the GOP established a National AIDS Control Program (NACP),
in the late 1980's. The program made slow progress in the early 1990's due
to: (i) a failure to recognize the seriousness of the HIV threat,
resulting in low allocations and expenditures; (ii) a vague strategy that
mainly concentrated on blood screening and did not address the vulnerable
populations; (iii) weak surveillance and operational research which
resulted in GOP officials not having credible data on which to base
decisions; and (iv) slow mobilization of staff and other resources.
Towards the mid-1990s there was a gradual improvement in the level of GOP
commitment to the program which resulted in its inclusion in the Social
Action Program Project financed by the World Bank and other donors. This
enhanced commitment was reflected in slowly increasing expenditures,
increases in staffing levels, and establishment of provincial AIDS control
programs. However, the overall strategy remained unchanged with the
exception of an increased focus on health promotion and HIV education
aimed at the general public. In 2000, the GOP, through a broad
consultative process, developed a National Strategic Framework for
HIV/AIDS that set out the broad strategies and priorities for effective
control of the epidemic. While the framework was very comprehensive, it
did provide for increased focus on working with the vulnerable
populations. The framework has been formally adopted by the GOP and its
development partners and provides a useful general approach for HIV
prevention. The program is currently spending about $2.5 million per year
from all sources. Institutional Analysis: An external review of the
federal and provincial AIDS control programs was carried out in 2001 and
indicated some progress since the previous program review in 1993.
However, it identified a number of key issues, including: (i) there were
strong program units at the federal level and in Sindh province but the
other provinces needed to have their management strengthened and their
staffing increased significantly; (ii) there was a need to enhance the
GOP's reliance on NGOs for working with vulnerable populations; (iii) the
surveillance and research components of the program were found to be weak
and needed to be brought into line with global best practices; and (iv)
there was an urgent need to expedite release of funds and provide the
provincial programs with greater autonomy in using available funds.     NGO
Interest in HIV/AIDS Activities: During preparation of the project,
considerable attention was given to consulting with NGOs and assessing
their capacity to implement HIV/AIDS prevention activities. In large
meetings and also during visits to their offices, a wide variety of NGOs
expressed great interest in being involved in expanded efforts to prevent
HIV. NGOs who are currently involved in other aspects of health care
delivery, including some very large ones, also voiced a desire to take on
HIV prevention activities. All the NGOs already involved in HIV prevention
felt constrained by the severe lack of resources and the fact that funding
-3 -



was only available on a year-by-year basis, which, they felt,
significantly interfered with program development and expansion. Much of
the support currently being provided by donors does not allow for overhead
costs, including the costs of management. The concern most frequently
expressed by all the NGOs consulted was about the Government's ability and
willingness to pay them on time for work they carried out. For example,
one NGO involved in family planning recently had bills for Rs. 5 million
outstanding with the Government for more than five months. Because they
have limited capital, the NGOs realize that failure to receive timely
payments could seriously interfere with their work. NGO Capacity: In terms
of the financial and management systems required, it appears that there
are a reasonably large number of NGOs in Pakistan who have at least the
management capacity to carry out extensive HIV prevention activities. For
example, a recent study of 27 NGOs from all over Pakistan currently
involved, or interested, in HIV work found that 85% of the NGOs surveyed
had annual audits carried out by certified accountants, 89% had
computerized accounting systems, and 52% had substantial experience with
procurement. In-depth visits were made to the offices and field sites of
more than 15 NGOs during project preparation and corroborated the findings
of the above study. The visits also found that the NGOs were impressive in
terms of their commitment, dedication, and innovativeness. While the NGOs
visited were not necessarily a representative sample, they can be
classified into roughly four groups: (i) Small HIV NGOs of Limited
Capacity: These NGOs, mostly comprising volunteers, have limited funds
(often less than $1,000 per year) and carry out HIV prevention activities
on a very small scale. These kinds of NGOs could not take on significant
HIV prevention activities now although some of them may grow into
effective NGOs with training and support. (ii) Small to Medium-Sized HIV
NGOs of Uncertain Capacity: These NGOs are more sophisticated, have a
deeper knowledge and understanding of HIV prevention, and have often been
in existence for more than five years. They often have reasonable
accounting, information, and management systems and their management is
often charismatic and strong. Their capacity to expand their activities is
uncertain because they have always faced limited budgets. This kind of NGO
might be able to significantly expand its HIV activities if provided
sufficient resources, technical guidance, and management support. (iii)
Medium to Large HIV NGOs of Demonstrated Capacity: These NGOs are working
with particular vulnerable populations on a reasonable scale and have a
detailed understanding of HIV prevention activities acquired through
experience on the ground. They are better funded than the smaller NGOs and
have strong management systems. They are well managed and have dynamic
leadership that is willing to innovate and take on new challenges. This
kind of NGO could significantly expand its operations if provided
sufficient resources. (iv) Medium to Large Health NGOs: These NGOs have
long and successful track record of delivering health, nutrition, and
family planning services in various parts of the country. The have fairly
secure financing for their health service delivery and are interested in
becoming involved in HIV prevention as a natural extension of their
ongoing activities. They have well developed management systems and very
experienced managers but their knowledge of HIV prevention, particularly
working with vulnerable populations, is pretty limited. While expressing a
keen interest in HIV prevention they would require additional resources to
take it on. They frankly admit their need to learn more about working with
vulnerable populations and the details of HIV prevention.
- 4 -



2. Objectives
With a systematic and immediate response, Pakistan has an opportunity to
prevent a widespread HIV/AIDS epidemic. Hence, the objective of the
proposed project is to prevent HIV from becoming established in vulnerable
populations and preventing its spread to the general adult population,
while avoiding further stigmatization of the vulnerable populations. The
vulnerable populations include sex workers, injecting drug users (IDUs),
men who have sex with men (MSM), prisoners, and migrant workers
particularly long-distance truck drivers.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
n The Bank has by now extensive experience across a variety of countries
concerning HIV prevention programs. It can thus play an important role in
ensuring that the lessons learnt elsewhere are incorporated in the design
and implementation of the enhanced program. n The Bank can help provide a
broad perspective that takes account of the context into which the
investment will fit, thereby assisting in building capacity and
sustainability. n The Bank can help ensure a proper mix of different
interventions in the program. This is important because the internal
political dynamics could otherwise result in some interventions being
given an undue weight while other key interventions are downplayed (e.g.,
support for blood safety interventions is generally strong among senior
government officials and the public, but there is much less awareness of
the importance of interventions that focus on behavioral change among sex
workers and their clients).n The Bank, through its knowledge and
experience of helping governments to work with NGOs on delivery of social
services, can also contribute to the development of a successful
public-private partnership.
4. Description
The National Strategic Framework for the control of HIV/AIDS, adopted by
the Government and its development partners in 2000, provides the basis
for a detailed design. Building on the framework, the project would
comprise 4 components:1.     Expansion of Interventions Among Vulnerable
PopulationsThe National Strategic Framework for the control of HIV/AIDS,
adopted by the Government and its development partners in 2000, provides
the basis for a detailed design. Building on the framework, the project
would comprise 4 components: (i) expansion of interventions among
vulnerable populations; (ii) improved HIV prevention by the general
populations; (iii) prevention of HIV/STI transmission through blood
transfusion; and (iv) capacity building and program management. 1.
Expansion of Interventions Among Vulnerable Populations a. Service
Delivery Contracts with NGOs: This component would support the rapid
expansion of HIV prevention services to vulnerable populations at the
greatest risk of HIV, including: (i) sex workers; (ii) IDUs; (iii) MSM;
(iv) migrant workers, particularly truck drivers; and (v) prisoners.
Preventing the spread of HIV among these populations, particularly those
living in large cities, will be critical and will be the project's highest
priority.The Government would contract with NGOs to measurably change
behaviors through the provision of services in geographically defined
areas to a particular vulnerable population. The service package would
include: (i) behavior change communication aimed at improving the
vulnerable population's knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors related to
HIV; (ii) promotion of effective condom use; (iii) voluntary counseling
and HIV testing; (iv) proper management of STIs; (v) needle exchange and
- 5 -



promotion of safe injection practices (among IDUs); and (vi) empowering
activities that allow members of the vulnerable populations to assert
greater control of their lives. The Government would contract with NGOs to
measurably change behaviors through the provision of services in
geographically defined areas to a particular vulnerable population. The
service package would include: (i) behavior change communication aimed at
improving the vulnerable population's knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors
related to HIV; (ii) promotion of effective condom use; (iii) voluntary
counseling and HIV testing; (iv) proper management of STIs; (v) needle
exchange and promotion of safe injection practices (among IDUs); and (vi)
empowering activities that allow members of the vulnerable populations to
assert greater control of their lives. The Government would select NGOs
through an open and competitive process. The contracts would have specific
measurable goals that the NGOs would be responsible for achieving in their
geographical area. NGOs would be short-listed mainly on the basis of their
relevant experience and be eligible to bid if they met certain minimum
criteria including: (i) being a legal entity with named officers, (ii)
having audited financial statements for the last three years, and (iii)
having experience delivering social services in Pakistan. Evaluation of
the submitted proposals would be based both on price and technical merit
including: (i) experience of the NGO in successfully delivering health and
other social services; (ii) the competence of key personnel; and (iii) the
adequacy of the methodology and work plan for delivering the services. Bid
evaluation would be carried out by multi-disciplinary teams including
representatives of the local and national governments, the NGO community,
United Nations technical agencies, and academic institutions, while
ensuring that there are no conflicts of interest. Monitoring of NGO
performance would be carried out by the local and provincial governments
on a regular basis and would be supplemented by visits to project areas
carried out by a third party. Annual evaluations of performance on key
indicators would also be carried out by the third party based on
interviews with members of the vulnerable population. The key indicators
would be spelled out in the contracts and would include reduction in
syphilis prevalence, increase in reported condom use, and increased use of
STI treatment services. Eight service delivery contracts will be signed by
the concerned AIDS control program with the selected NGOs shortly after
effectiveness of the credit as part of advanced procurement actions.
Further service delivery contracts will be signed during the subsequent
year and documents could be changed to reflect lessons learned from the
first batch of contracts. The package for IDUs will be financed for three
years by the Department for International Development (DFID).b. Small
Grants: As part of the project a small grants system will be established
to: (i) help develop the capacity of NGOs and other institutions to carry
out work on HIV/AIDS; (ii) allow small NGOs, and NGOs who have not
previously worked in HIV, to develop a track record so they can eventually
take on a greater role in HIV prevention; and (iii) create opportunities
for testing and rigorously evaluating innovative approaches and carrying
out needed operational research. NGOs, universities, and other
organizations will submit project proposals using a standard format which
will be evaluated by peer reviewers and a grant committee. Draft
guidelines for this program have already been developed by the NACP. 2.
Improved HIV Prevention by the General Population This component would
comprise four sets of activities:a. Behavior change communication (BCC)
aimed at the general adult population: The NACP in coordination with
provincial programs will undertake BCC with the following behavioral
- 6 -



objectives: (i) use of condoms with non-regular sexual partners; (ii) use
of STI treatment services when they have symptoms of STI and knowledge of
the link between STIs and HIV; (iii) use of sterile syringes for all
injections; (iv) reduction in the number of injections received; (v)
voluntary blood donation (particularly among the age group 18-30); (vi)
use of blood for transfusion only if it has been screened for HIV; and
(vii) displaying tolerant and caring behaviors towards people living with
HIV/AIDS and members of vulnerable populations. These objectives would be
achieved by a series of activities that would include mass-media campaigns
and inter-personal communications (IPC) by lady health workers (LHWs). For
the mass media campaigns, the NACP's new strategy calls for: (i)
recruitment on a competitive basis of an advertising firm to carry out the
entire campaign; (ii) explicit market segmentation so that advertisements
and activities are specifically tailored to important sub-populations;
(iii) formative research among the important sub-populations; (iv) testing
the messages and advertisements on members of the target audience; (v) a
more extensive use of mass media, including print and radio spots in local
languages; and (vi) follow-up surveys to judge the effectiveness of the
mass media campaign. The IPC to be carried out by the LHWs will use
specially designed materials aimed at informing women in the community and
reinforcing the BCC messages that are being broadcast.       b.
Advocacy: In order to raise awareness of decision makers and opinion
leaders about HIV/AIDS, the project will support activities aimed at
having these groups: (i) appreciate the threat of HIV to Pakistan; (ii)
better understand the actions that can prevent a full-blown HIV epidemic;
(iii) become effective sources of information for the rest of the
community; (iv) take actions themselves to assist their communities to
avoid HIV; (v) provide continuous support for the AIDS control program;
and (vi) help avoid stigmatization or harassment of vulnerable
populations. To accomplish these objectives, priority will be given to the
large cities, formative research will be undertaken, specific messages
will be developed and tested for this group, and the messages will be
employed in a number of innovative ways, including personal visits by
influential personalities. c. Targeted interventions for youth, the
police, and formal sector workers: In addition to the mass-media BCC that
will be targeted at youth, IPC techniques will be used to reach a
particularly high risk group, i.e., in-school youth in grades 9 and 10 in
the large cities. The IPC will be carried out by NGOs and the provincial
departments of education. A comparison will be made between NGOs and the
government in terms of cost-effectiveness. Contracts would be
competitively bid for the delivery of BCC to other specific high risk
groups, particularly the police and migrant laborers. d.      Improved and
expanded management of sexually transmitted infection (STI) cases: The
project will support the improvement and expansion of STI case management
based on a protocol developed by WHO and the Government that uses a
"syndromic" approach. In the public sector diagnosis, treatment, and
contact tracing will be expanded to all health facilities down to at least
the district hospital level. 3. Prevention of HIV/STI Transmission
Through Blood TransfusionIn order to prevent the transmission of HIV and
other STIs through blood transfusions, the project will support the
following three sets of activities: a. Establishing and building the
capacity of provincial blood transfusion authorities: Building on the
successful experience in the Punjab, the project would help establish
effective provincial blood transfusions services and BTAs and build the
latter's capacity to regulate private and public sector blood banks.
- 7 -



b.   Implementation of a quality assurance system: The project would
support the operationalization of a robust and practical quality assurance
system that would likely include laboratory proficiency testing,
monitoring and supervision, improved record keeping, end use audits for
test kits, and re-testing of screened blood by reference laboratories.c.
Screening of blood for HIV and other STIs: The project would help provide
the necessary materials and reagents for testing all blood in the public
sector for HIV and hepatitis B. The introduction of hepatitis C outside
Punjab, would be dependent on the successful implementation of the quality
assurance system as judged by third party evaluation and a functioning
provincial BTA. d. Waste management: In order to begin implementing the
EMP, the Ministry of Health would develop guidelines for proper handling
of wastes in blood banks and needle exchange programs. Staff of health
facilities with blood banks and NGOs involved in needle exchange would be
provided with training in these guidelines and the materials for properly
handling bio-hazardous wastes. 4.    Capacity Building and Program
Management In order to strengthen the capacity of the National and
Provincial AIDS Control Programs and their NGO partners to undertake
significantly expanded HIV prevention activities, the Project would
support the following four sets of activities.a. Strengthening of federal
and provincial AIDS Control Programs: The project would support the
strengthening of the national and provincial AIDS control programs
through: (i) recruitment of a firm to help build the capacity of the
federal and provincial staff to manage contracts and carry out
procurement; (ii) recruitment of more full time staff to work in the
federal and provincial AIDS control programs; (iii) office support
including furniture, equipment, vehicles, and access to the world wide
web; (iv) an annual conference that would bring together staff from
government, NGOs, and research institutions to discuss lessons learned and
latest findings; (v) short term attachments of technical staff to other
AIDS control programs in the region to learn first hand about the
successes and difficulties encountered. b.    NGO capacity development:
Technical assistance and training would be provided to NGOs in bid
preparation and proposal writing for the small grants. The project
management and procurement firm would provide the winning bidders with
assistance in general management procedures and project implementation
techniques. Staff from the winning NGOs would also be given the
opportunity to visit other NGOs in the region who have been successful in
working with vulnerable populations, for example, the work of Sonorgachi
in Kolkota with sex workers. Technical support for the NGOs would be
provided by other partners, particularly UNAIDS and UNICEF. c.      Second
generation HIV surveillance and evaluation: Systematic behavioral
surveillance and HIV sero-prevalence surveillance would be undertaken
among the vulnerable populations on a regular basis using consistent
methodologies. The surveillance activities will be undertaken by a cell in
the NACP which would also have staff based in each province. Technical and
financial support for surveillance activities will be provided by CIDA.
The project will support the recruitment of an independent
firm/organization to carry out evaluations of the project's components,
including: (i) interviews with members of the vulnerable populations in
the areas covered by service delivery contracts; (ii) quality of care
provided in public STI clinics; (iii) implementation of the quality
assurance systems in blood banks; and (iv) household surveys to examine
the effectiveness of the mass media campaigns. d.      Care for people
living with AIDS:  The project will support the care of people living with
- 8 -



HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) through the establishment or strengthening of five units
for HIV/AIDS management which would provide the following services: (i)
counseling for patients and their families; (ii) treatment of
opportunistic infections; (iii) palliative care; (iv) supportive care for
the patient and their families; (v) linkages with other programs and
services such as the Tuberculosis Control Program; and (vi) prevention of
mother to child transmission of HIV in cases of HIV positive mothers who
are referred. Such units would comprise staff with various skills and
backgrounds who will receive training under the project. The project will
also provide the medicines needed for these units. WHO will provide
technical assistance to plan for the medium to long-term needs of a
program of care for PLWHA. This sub-component would not involve any
construction or acquisition of land.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER $6.50
IBRD
IDA $36.00
Total Project Cost $42.50
6. Implementation
Timing of Implementation: The proposed project would use a focused, phased
approach to implementation. During the first phase, which would correspond
to the first year of the project, only the highest priority activities
would be implemented and disbursements would be modest. The focus would be
on HIV prevention activities among vulnerable populations, particularly
sex workers, IDUs, and truck drivers concentrated in the largest cities,
and the establishment of a second generation HIV surveillance system. Some
other activities that have high political profile, such as mass media
campaigns and initial advocacy work would also begin implementation during
the first phase. The lessons learned from the initial experience would be
applied to the second phase during which HIV prevention activities would
expand to other vulnerable populations and other parts of the country.
Blood safety activities, and improved management of STIs for the general
adult population would also gear up during the second phase which
corresponds to the second and third years of implementation. The third
phase of the project would allow for the consolidation of these
activities, for example, the accomplishment of 100t of blood in the public
sector being properly screened for HIV and other STIs. The proposed
project would last five years.Roles and Responsibilities: The NACP has had
overall responsibility for the program and would oversee implementation of
the proposed project. However, a strong multi-sectoral and decentralized
approach lies at the heart of project design and implementation.
Provincial AIDS control program managers would oversee the implementation
of most activities, including signing contracts with, and monitoring the
performance of, NGOs who are providing HIV prevention services to
vulnerable populations and targeted interventions for youth and migrant
labor. The provincial programs would also have responsibility for: (i)
administering the small grants program; (ii) helping to carry out BCC and
advocacy work in local languages; (iii) working with districts to improve
STI management; (iv) helping to coordinate HIV surveillance and
operational research; and (v) ensuring the development of units to care
for people living with HIV/AIDS. District governments will be responsible
for implementation of the STI management and blood screening activities
-9-



that occur in district health facilities. Activities to be carried out by
the Ministries of Labor and Education with migrant labor and in-school
youth will also be coordinated through the NACP and the provincial AIDS
control programs. Both ministries will second people to work full time
with NACP on implementation of their activities.The NACP will focus on:
(i) formulating policy and guidelines; (ii) directing behavioral and
sero-surveillance as well as monitoring and evaluation; (iii) implementing
the BCC campaign on national mass media; (iv) carrying out advocacy work
at national level for decision makers and opinion leaders; (v) procuring
HIV, Hepatitis B, and Hepatitis C test kits; (vi) coordinating activities
with international partners; and (vii) overseeing the work of an NGO
contracted to work with long-distance truck-drivers nationwide. A detailed
description of the roles and responsibilities of the various actors is
included in the project implementation plans (PIPs) and the PC-I. Project
Coordination and Oversight: A multi-sectoral Federal Committee on AIDS,
comprising high level Government officials from the Ministries of Finance,
Education, and Interior, and chaired by the Minister of Health, has been
recently established and will meet twice a year to formulate the
Government's policy on HIV. In order to support and coordinate AIDS
control activities at the working level a Technical Committee on AIDS has
been established which comprises representatives of government, civil
society, academic institutions, UN agencies, and donors. The committee
would be similar to the Interagency Coordinating Committee that has been
established for immunization which has been quite successful. The NACP has
begun organizing quarterly meetings of all the provincial AIDS control
program managers to exchange information and coordinate activities. The
project will support annual conferences which would bring together people
and organizations involved in HIV prevention. Monitoring and Evaluation:
The indicators for tracking the project's development objectives and
implementation success are described in Annex 1 (including the details in
Tables 2 and 3) and for judging the performance of NGOs in Annex 2. Many
of the activities aimed at preventing the spread of HIV are difficult to
effectively monitor simply through tracking of inputs, like the number of
workshops held or the number of HIV test kits procured. Instead, there is
a need to regularly evaluate progress by measuring changes in outcomes,
outputs such as knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors, as well as process
indicators like the quality of STI management and blood transfusion
services. In order to collect information on outputs and outcomes, the
project will support behavioral and sero-surveillance aimed at tracking
behaviors and sero-prevalence of HIV and syphilis among vulnerable
populations. A firm will also be hired to provide third party assessments
of: (i) individual service delivery contracts with NGOs; (ii) BCC and
advocacy activities; (iii) targeted interventions aimed at youth, migrant
labor, and the police; (iv) LHW inter-personal communications; (v) STI
services; and (vi) blood transfusion services. These types of evaluation
should be carried out independently to avoid distraction of managers and
staff from the work of actually preventing HIV and to ensure an unbiased
evaluation. The terms of reference for the third party evaluation firm
have already been developed and approved and the recruitment process has
already begun as part of advanced procurement activities. Procurement:
Goods under the Project will be procured in accordance with the Bank's
Procurement Guidelines, and Consultants' services in accordance with the
Consultants' Guidelines. Details on the applicable procurement procedures
are provided in Annex-6. An assessment of the procurement capacity of the
implementing agencies was carried out and it was determined that the NACP
- 10 -



has had limited experience with procurement, particularly under Bank
financed projects, and the provincial AIDS control programs have had even
less. Given the amount of service contracts and goods that will need to be
procured under the proposed project, the capacity of NACP and the
provincial AIDS control program will need to be strengthened through the
engagement of consultants and training to effectively and efficiently
carry out procurement, manage and monitor the contracts. NACP will engage
a qualified individual procurement consultant for at least the first year
of the project. The procurement consultant will serve as the focal point
for all procurement matters under the project, and will provide
comprehensive procurement assistance and guidance, including procurement
planning and monitoring, preparation of bidding documents, evaluation of
bids, and contracts, to the national as well as the provincial AIDS
programs in complying with agreed procurement procedures. The procurement
consultant will be engaged by June 30, 2002, through DFID financing. For
the subsequent years of the Project, procurement support and assistance
will be provided as part of the contract with a Management Consulting firm
that is to be engaged through a competitive process under the project. It
is expected that the contracts for such a firm would contain performance
clauses related to timely procurement and implementation. IDA will conduct
procurement training workshops for key procurement staff of the
implementing agencies, before the start and during implementation of the
project, in order to improve their knowledge of IDA's procurement
procedures. The dates for these workshops will be mutually agreed.Advanced
Action on Procurement: The shortlist of firms and draft Request for
Proposal documents for the key consulting services contracts expected
during the first year of the Project, particularly the eight service
delivery contracts, the management and procurement contract, and the
evaluation and monitoring contract will be completed and ready for
issuance by Negotiations. Also, the draft bidding documents for the key
contracts for goods expected during the first year of the Project,
particularly blood screening kits (HIV, Hepatitis B) will be completed and
ready for issuance by Negotiations. Financial Management: Effective
financial management and expeditious funds flow are crucial to project
success, particularly as key activities will be undertaken by NGOs or
private firms under contract. The funds flow arrangements have not been
agreed to by all stakeholders, but the options basically are either the
use of special accounts managed by the program managers or use of the
GOP's budgetary mechanism. Both approaches have significant associated
problems that have been identified previously. Special accounts have
experienced weak financial control, inconsistent financial management, and
have not fed into the GOP's systems of national accounts. The GOP's budget
mechanism suffers from: (i) slow release of funds; (ii) diffuse and
unclear responsibility; (iii) poor track record of releasing money to NGOs
in a timely and transparent way; (iv) ad hoc spending restrictions that
interfere with project expenditures; and (v) a very difficult process for
advanced payments to facilitate NGO mobilization and training activities.
During appraisal of the project, the funds flow mechanism will be
finalized and a financial management consultant will be recruited to
develop a financial information system (FIS) and a corresponding financial
procedures manual. This manual will be agreed to and used by the various
Government departments involved in the management and oversight of the
project's finances. Each of the AIDS control programs (at federal and
provincial level) will recruit a finance officer and a finance manager
will be recruited with funds from DFID to work with the NACP to help
- 11 -



implement the FIS and the financial procedures manual. As part of the
conditions for negotiations of the credit, it has been agreed that the GOP
will: (i) recruit finance officers as part of proper staffing of the AIDS
control programs; (ii) finalize the FIS and financial procedures manual;
and (iii) resolve outstanding audit objections on the HIV/AIDS program;
and (iv) provide written confirmation from the finance departments that
there are adequate funds (at least 50- of annual requirements) to meet
project needs.
7. Sustainability
Technical sustainability of the project would be sought through focusing
on relatively low-cost preventive activities that will reduce the number
of future cases of HIV. Through extensive training, technical assistance
and operational research the capacity of NGOs to delivery effective HIV
prevention services would be strengthened. In addition, the small grant
program would help build the technical capacity of smaller NGOs or NGOs
without experience in HIV prevention. Political sustainability of the
project would be achieved by increasing awareness among the general adult
population and intensive advocacy efforts among decision makers and
opinion leaders. There would be a focus on leaders who could be
instrumental to the project including religious leaders, politicians and
local officials, and journalists. Managerial sustainability of the project
would be accomplished through enhancing the capacity of the national and
provincial AIDS control program managers and their staffs. By working
closely with management professionals from the management and procurement
firm, they would develop new skills in project and contract management,
procurement, financial management, and monitoring and evaluation. The
managerial capacity of the NGOs would also be strengthened. The management
and procurement firm would receive incentives for performance based on
their ability to ensure timely disbursement of project funds.Financial
sustainability would be almost completely a question of the GOP's
willingness to finance the project's recurrent costs in the long run.
Almost all the activities financed under the project are pure public goods
with few opportunities for cost-recovery.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The design of the proposed project reflects global state of the art
information on HIV/AIDS control. The key lessons from field experience and
scientific studies are: (i) a strategy of early and aggressive prevention
is the most effective in low prevalence countries; (ii) interventions
targeted at specific vulnerable populations is the most effective way of
combating HIV during the early stages of the epidemic; (iii) these
targeted interventions need to be coupled with broader awareness and
advocacy efforts to ensure political support and prevent stigmatization of
vulnerable groups; and (iv) close coordination and partnering among
concerned sectors is an important aspect of success.     There have not been
many completed Bank-financed HIV projects in countries that are at a
similar level of development as Pakistan, although OED has begun a study
that is in its initial stages. The anecdotal experience from Asia and
Africa seems to point out that most implementation difficulties have
centered around weak management capacity and inadequate staffing of AIDS
programs, lack of coordination among the various stakeholders, slow
financial disbursements, and delayed procurement of goods and services.
The first HIV project in India, while generally successful in developing
the Government's AIDS control program, also suffered from implementation
- 12 -



difficulties that arose from: (i) unfamiliarity with guidelines and
project processing requirements; (ii) delays in funds release and poor
financial management; (iii) staffing vacancies and frequent transfers; and
(iv) insufficient ownership at state level of what was perceived as a
centrally driven scheme. The experience in India and elsewhere has also
pointed out how difficult it is to effectively reach the vulnerable
populations on a significant scale although experience in Thailand and
Cambodia does indicate that it is possible to influence condom use among
sex workers and their clients. The Cambodia experience suggests that this
can significantly effect HIV prevalence. A Bank-financed HIV/AIDS
prevention project in Bangladesh became effective in February, 2001 and
has experienced delays in implementation. The initial implementation
experience suggests that: (i) avoiding initial implementation delays
requires advanced action on procurement, particularly when NGOs are to be
recruited; (ii) additional staff positions in the AIDS control programs
need to be filled prior to effectiveness; and (iii) early recruitment of
technical assistance for capacity development should also be a subject of
advanced action. These findings are consistent with the lessons learned
from previous health sector projects in Pakistan which also experienced
significant procurement delays due to lack of advance preparation. The
experience of the Northern Health Project and SAPP II suggests that
public-private partnerships will work best when: (i) the services provided
by the NGO are clearly defined; (ii) the Government is directly involved
and can maintain oversight; and (iii) the Government has confidence in the
NGO and there is a strong working relationship.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  The proposed project will NOT add to the amount of
bio-medical wastes generated by the health care system in Pakistan, nor
would it increase the hazard posed by such waste as is currently being
produced. However, it makes sense for the project to help prevent HIV
infection through contaminated waste and demonstrate how such materials
can realistically be handled and disposed of safely. Hence, the project
will help mitigate existing hazards such as: (i) the disposable equipment
used in blood transfusions including blood bags and bottles, silastic
tubing, and catheters and needles; (ii) the needles and syringes used in
needle exchange programs (although a needle exchange program is a
critically important component of bio-hazard containment because it deals
with the highest risk of spread of HIV associated with medical devices)
and in HIV testing; and (iii) the relatively small amount of materials
associated with testing blood for HIV including used HIV test kits, small
aliquots of blood used for quality assurance, and blood found to be HIV
positive. The risk of HIV infection resulting from improper handling of
medical waste must be seen in perspective. Medical waste poses much less
of a risk to the community than improperly screened blood, high risk
sexual activity, or sharing of syringes and needles among IDUs. The main
features of the draft EMP are to safely handle, store, and dispose of
syringes, needles and sharps, and blood bags. For syringes and needles two
strategies should be envisaged for initial handling and storage: (i) the
safe destruction of the syringe and needle shortly after patient use
through the use of needle cutters in a specially designed, puncture proof
box and treatment of the waste with disinfectant (the strategy mentioned
in the current version of the EMP) ; and (ii) auto-disabled syringes that
- 13 -



prevent re-use through a locking mechanism in the barrel of the syringe
and are then put into a specially designed safety box. The second approach
has been introduced in Pakistan through the expanded program on
immunization (EPI). Under no circumstances would needles ever be recapped
or syringes re-used. Blood bags and related, non-sharp equipment would be
segregated into specially marked, non-permeable, plastic bags.The storage
and disposal of syringes, needles, and blood transfusion equipment would
depend on the volume of waste generated at the health facility. In health
centers or hospitals with small volumes of bio-hazardous waste, deep
burial in appropriate locations which are not accessible to the public,
would be the preferred option. In facilities with large amounts of
bio-hazardous waste, incineration in high temperature
furnaces/incinerators with burial of the resulting ash is the preferred
option. These waste materials would not be stored for more than 24 hours.
In order to begin implementing the EMP, the Ministry of Health would
develop guidelines for proper handling of wastes in blood banks. Staff of
health facilities with blood banks would be provided with training in
these guidelines and the materials for properly handling bio-hazardous
wastes. A systematic checklist that provides a score of compliance with
the guidelines would be developed and used by third party auditors to
monitor compliance.The above procedures would provide a sensible means for
reducing the bio-hazard posed by medical waste and would provide a useful
beginning to a longer-term effort to properly deal with all medical waste.
The key stakeholders regarding environmental issues include: (i)
laboratory staff and other health workers, (ii) Government regulators,
(iii) NGOs involved in trying to make injection practices safer; (iv)
blood transfusion patients, (v) NGOs who are involved in needle exchange
programs, and (vi) the communities affected by improper bio-medical waste
disposal practices. Extensive consultations were carried out with
Government regulators, health workers and laboratory staff, and NGOs
involved in needle exchange and harm reduction. These consultations
involved meetings and interviews with key informants. Initial discussions
were held with some of the other stakeholders during preparation and need
to be followed up during appraisal.The draft EMP will be put on the NACP
web-site and other web-sites that are deemed appropriate. Copies will be
provided to NGOs who have expressed interest in this or related issues.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Benjamin Loevinsohn
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 1-202-473-7948
Fax: 1-202-522-2955
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
- 14 -



Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
July 5, 2002.
- 15 -



