Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2075 SE
             Development Credit Agreement
         (Public Works and Employment Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated January 23, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2075-SE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 23, 1990, between REPUBLIC
OF SENEGAL (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has, requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower intends to contract from African
Development Fund a credit which will contribute an amount
equivalent to about $8,3 million to the financing of the
Project; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
Page  2
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Executing Agency" means l'Agence d'Execution
du Projet de Travaus d'Interet Public contre le Sous-
Emploi, an association established pursuant to the laws
of the Borrower by decision of its general assembly on
April 18, 1989, whose declaration d'association has been
certified by the Ministre de l'Interieur on July 3, 1989;
     (c)  "Convention" means the agreement or the
agreements to be entered by the Borrower and Executing
Agency in accordance with Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement and such term shall include the Manuel de
Procedures referred to in Section 3.01 (b) (iii) of this
Agreement;
     (d)  "Beneficiary" means any municipality or other
public entity which submits a proposal for a Sub-project
or for whose benefit a Sub-project is being carried out;
     (e)  "Implementing Enterprise" means any entity
which proposes to carry out, or is carrying out, a Sub-
project;
     (f)  "Sub-Project" means any of the activities to be
carried
out by an Implementing Enterprise and proposed to be or
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or to be
financed in accordance with the provisions of Section
3.01 (d) (ii) of this Agreement; such activities include
the construction and rehabilitation of infrastructure
("Work Sub-Projects") and provision of urban services
("Service Sub-Projects");
     (g)  "Beneficiary Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered between the Executing Agency and a Beneficiary
of a Subproject;
     (h)  "Sub-Project Contract" means the agreement to
be entered between the Executing Agency and the
Implementing Enterprise for purposes of carrying out a
Sub-Project; and
     (i)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters dated
November 12, 1988, November 21, 1988 and May 25, 1989
between the Borrower and the Association.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to sixteen
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
16,100,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
Page  3
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, on the basis of the
Convention, cause Executing Agency, for the purposes of
the Project, to open and maintain in FCFA a special
account in a commercial bank acceptable to the
Association on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be October 31,
1992 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in
each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
April 1 and October 1, commencing April 1, 2000 and
ending October 1, 2029. Each installment to and including
the installment payable on October 1, 2009 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
Page  4
five consecutive years and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the Republic of France
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of
the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end without
any limitation or restriction upon any of its obligations
under the Development Credit Agreement, shall cause the
Executing Agency to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Convention all the obligations of the
Executing Agency therein set forth, shall take and cause
to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or
appropriate to enable the Executing Agency to perform
such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be
taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
     (b)  For the purpose of carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall enter into an agreement or agreements
with the Executing Agency (the Convention) on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association which shall
include, inter alia:
          (i)  provisions for the transfer of the
               proceeds of the Credit on a non
               reimbursable basis: (A) for purposes of
               financing expenditures incurred by Imple-
               menting Entities in the carrying out of
               SubProjects; (B) for operating costs and
               equipment of the Executing Agency,
               including the obligation of the Executing
               Agency to return all of its equipment to
               the Borrower upon completion of the
               Project or the day before its dissolution
               in accordance with the statutes of the
               Executing Agency, whatever happens first;
               and (C) for the activities to be carried
               out under Part B of the Project;
Page  5
          (ii) the obligation of the Executing Agency to
               take all measures necessary to ensure
               that the Project is carried out with due
               diligence and efficiency and in
               accordance with appropriate
               administrative, technical and financial
               practices;
         (iii) the Manuel de Procedures specifying
               the obligations of the Executing
               Agency relating to the execution of
               the Project, selection of Sub-
               Projects, procurement and
               preparation of evidence required for
               withdrawal requests and
               replenishment of the Special
               Account;
          (iv) the obligation of the Executing Agency to
               keep the positions of General Manager,
               Technical Director and Financial Director
               filled with employees with adequate
               experience and qualifications;
          (v)  the obligation of the Executing Agency to
               promptly inform the Borrower and the
               Association of any condition which
               interferes, or threatens to interfere,
               with the progress of the Project and Sub-
               Projects, the accomplishment of the
               purposes of the Credit, or the
               performance of the Executing Agency of
               its obligations under the Convention, or
               the performance of the Executing Agency
               and Implementing Entities under the Sub-
               Project Contracts;
          (vi) the obligation of the Executing Agency to
               provide by the fifteenth day of each
               month reports of such scope and in such
               detail as the Borrower or the Association
               shall reasonably request;
         (vii) a sample Sub-Project Contract;
        (viii) a sample Beneficiary Agreement; and
          (ix) the obligation of the Executing Agency to
               submit to the Association, not later than
               October 15, 1990, a new program of
               proposed Sub-Projects aggregating the
               estimated cost of $7,5 million
               satisfactory to the Association.
     (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Convention in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign,
amend, abrogate or waive the Convention or any provision
thereof.
     (d)  Without limitation upon the provisions of Sec-
tion 3.01 (a) of this Agreement the Borrower shall:
          (i)  cause the Executing Agency to execute new
               SubProjects aggregating the equivalent of
               $5 million before June 30, 1992, out of
               which Sub-Projects aggregating the
               equivalent of at least $2,5 million shall
               be completed before June 30, 1991; and
Page  6
          (ii) make available to the Executing Agency
               out of its own resources all the
               necessary funds needed for the execution
               of the Sub-Projects referred to in sub-
               paragraph (i) of this Section.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. Without any limitation to or
restriction upon its other reporting requirements under
the General Conditions and this Agreement, the Borrower
shall exchange views, and shall cause the Executing
Agency to exchange views, with the Association, at all
such times as the Association shall reasonably request,
but in any event not later than January 31, 1991, or such
other date as the Borrower and the Association shall
agree, with regard to the
progress of the Project and Sub-Projects, the management
of the operations of the Executing Agency, the
performance by the Executing Agency of its obligations
under the Convention, (including procurement procedures)
and the performance by the Executing Agency and
Implementing Enterprises of their respective obligations
under Sub-Project Agreements, and other matters relating
to the purposes of the Credit.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall cause the
Executing Agency to maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations and financial condition of the
Executing Agency.
     (b)  The Borrower shall cause the Executing Agency
to:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) and the records and accounts
               for the Special Account for the first two
               quarters after the Effective Date and,
               thereafter, for each semiannual period
               audited in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               three months after the end of the periods
               referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above:
               (A) certified copies of its financial
               statement for such period as so audited,
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning such
               records, accounts, financial state-
               ments and the audit thereof as the
               Association shall from time to time
Page  7
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall
cause the Executing Agency to:
          (i)  maintain, in accordance with paragraph
               (a) of this Section, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until one year after the
               Association has received the audit for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  as a result of events which have occurred after
the date of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that the Executing Agency
will be able to perform its obligations under the
Convention;
     (b)  the Statutes of the Executing Agency shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect materially and adversely the ability of the
Executing Agency to perform any of its obligations under
the Convention;
     (c)  the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of the Executing Agency,
or for the suspension of its operations;
     (d)  the Borrower or the Executing Agency shall have
failed to perform any of their respective obligations
under the Convention;
     (e)  the Convention shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the Project or the performance
of the Executing Agency of its obligations under the
Convention; and
     (f)  the Implementing Agency has employed to any of
the positions referred to in Section 3.01 (b) (iv) of
Page  8
this Agreement an individual who does not have adequate
qualifications or experience.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraphs (d) and (f)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall
continue for a period of 30 days after notice thereof
shall have been given by the Association to the Borrower;
and
     (b)  any event specified in paragraphs (a), (b) ,
(c) or (e) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Executing Agency has been fully staffed and
a Director General, a Technical Director and a Financial
Director have been employed with qualifications and
experience acceptable to the Association;
     (b)  the Executing Agency has selected Sub-Projects
whose aggregate estimated cost is equivalent to $7,5
million or more and the Association has approved the
selection of such Sub-Projects;
     (c)  the Convention has been signed by the Borrower
and the Executing Agency; and
     (d)  the Executing Agency has prequalified an
initial list of enterprises and engineering firms in
accordance with the provisions of Part C of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
     Section 6.02. The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association,
namely, that the Convention has been duly authorized or
ratified by the Borrower and the Executing Agency and is
legally binding upon the Borrower and the Executing
Agency in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower at the
time responsible for finance is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministere de l'Economie et des Finances
Page  9
          Rue Charles Laine
          B.P. 4017
          Dakar
          Senegal
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINFINANCES                   32035 SG
               Dakar
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
               By /s/ Ibra Deguene KA
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Michael J. Gillette
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Sub-Projects under                 100%
    Part A of the
    Project
   (a) Work Sub-        6,800,000
       Projects
   (b) Service          4,500,000
       Sub-Projects
Page  10
(2) Equipment             220,000      100%
    for the Executing
    Agency
(3) Operating           1,400,000      100%
    costs of
    the Executing
    Agency
(4) Consultants'         820,000       100%
    services under
    Part B of the
    Project
(5) Refunding of       1,200,000       Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                   suant to Section
    tion Advance                       2.02 (c) of this
                                       Agreement
(6) Unallocated        1,160,000
       TOTAL          16,100,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule the term
"operating cost" means the expenditures incurred by the
Executing Agency relating to office charges, compensation
of staff and travel cost.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments
made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement; and (b) payments made, or to be made, for
expenditures under Category (1) unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after the exchange of views as
referred to in Section 3.03 of this Agreement, that all
appropriate actions have been taken to remedy any
identified problem as shall be in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to create
substantial new employment in urban areas, and to improve
the individual skills of the workers who will be
employed.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   1.   A program of Work Sub-Projects.
          2.   A program of Service Sub-Projects.
Part B:   Strengthening the work organization and
          management of Implementing Enterprises, and
          training of their staff.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1992.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  11
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
     All contracts for works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $500,000 or less may be procured on the
basis of local competitive bidding procedures acceptable
to the Association amongst bidders who have been
prequalified on the basis of criteria acceptable to the
Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $250,000 or more or for which less than
5 bids have been received, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment
out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Implementing Agency in
carrying out the Project, consultants shall be employed
Page  12
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as the Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of FCFA 600 million to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.
Page  13
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
Page  14
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
