Page  1
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1848 YAR
             Development Credit Agreement
     (Sana'a-Hodeidah Road Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
                  YEMEN ARAB REPUBLIC
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated November 17, 1987
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1848 YAR
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 17, 1987, between YEMEN
ARAB REPUBLIC (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project.
     (B)  To assist in the financing of the Project, the
Borrower intends to obtain from the Arab Fund for
Economic and Social Development and the OPEC Fund (the
Co-Financiers) loans in the approximate total amount of
$28,000,000 equivalent (the Co-Financing Loans) under
agreements (the Co-Financing Agreements) to be entered
into between the Borrower and the Co-Financiers;
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
Page  2
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Authority" means the Highway Authority of the
Borrower;
     (b)  "MPW" means the Borrower's Ministry of Public
Works; and
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section. 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to fourteen
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 14,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in its Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1991 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge at the rate of one-half
of one per cent (1/2 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time. The
commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty days
after the date of the Development Credit Agreement to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or shall be
cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
Page  3
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
March 1 and September 1 commencing March 1, 1998, and
ending September 1, 2027. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on September 1, 2007,
shall be one per cent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two per cent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the abovementioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  if, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project through the Authority with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate engineering, financial and administrative
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower
and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.02. The Borrower shall cause the Authority
to plan the execution of road works so as to ensure, to
Page  4
the extent practicable, that contracts for such works in
the amount of not less than 25,000,000 Rials would be
annually awarded to private domestic contractors.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall take all action
required to enable the Authority to Increase, over the
period 1987-1991, its budget for routine and recurrent
road maintenance by not less than 5% annually, measured
in real terms.
     Section 3.04. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records, accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               completion of the audit for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made, all records
               (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
               receipts and other documents) evidencing
               such expenditures;
Page  5
          (iii)     enable the Association's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
                    Other Covenants
     Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause the
Authority:
     (a)  to carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and engineering practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers; and
     (b)  at all times to operate and to maintain its
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering and financial practices.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 6.01. (a) Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of
the General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that subject to paragraph (b) of this
Section: (i) the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
proceeds of any of the Co-Financing loans shall have been
suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or in part,
pursuant to the terms of the agreement providing
therefor, or (ii) any such loan shall have become due and
payable prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
     (b)  Paragraph (a) of this Section shall not apply
if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
Association that: (i) such suspension, cancellation,
termination or prematuring is not caused by the failure
of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
such agreement; and (ii) adequate funds for the Project
are available to the Borrower from other sources on terms
and conditions consistent with the obligations of the
Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely that the event specified in paragraph
(a)(ii) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur,
subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) of that Section.
                      ARTICLE VII
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 7.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Page  6
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Co-Financing Agreements have been concluded
between the Borrower and the Co-Financiers; and
     (b)  the Authority has employed the consultants
required to assist in the supervision of construction
works under Part A (1) of the Project.
     Section 7.02. The date 120 days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                     ARTICLE VIII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 8.01. The Minister of Development and
Chairman of the Central Planning organization of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Central Planning Organization
          P.O. Box 175
          Sana'a
          Yemen Arab Republic
          Cable address:           Telex:
               CENPLAN                  2266 CENPLAN YE
               SANAA
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               YEMEN ARAB REPUBLIC
               By /s/ M. A. Alaini
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
               By /s/ E. F. Lari
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Works            9,600,000       80%
(2)    Goods            2,100,000       100% of foreign
                                        expenditures
(3)    Consultants'     1,300,000       100% of foreign
   services                             expenditures
(4)    Unallocated      1,000,000
       TOTAL           14,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are (a) to assist the
Borrower in the implementation of its program for
improvement, repair and maintenance of the road network;
(b) to increase the capability and efficiency of the
domestic construction industry; (c) to assist in
establishing new regulations for fuel pricing and vehicle
taxation; and (d) to undertake studies for priority
projects and identify and implement important sector
reforms.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Road Works and Equipment
Page  8
     (1)  Rehabilitation, strengthening or reconstruction
of sections of the Sanaa-Hodeidah road.
     (2)  Rehabilitation of flood-damaged sections of the
main road network.
     (3)  Provision of road maintenance equipment, spare
parts and materials.
Part B:   Institutional Services
     (1)  Technical assistance for the design and
implementation of measures to enhance the competitiveness
of the Borrower's private construction industry through
adoption of modern management and engineering techniques.
     (2)  Technical assistance in the supervision of
construction works under Part A of the Project.
     (3)  Feasibility studies of priority investments in
the transport sector, including the investigation of the
major issues facing the sector and the preparation of
measures to address such issues.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1990.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Works and Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Works and goods shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Yemen Arab Republic may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
Page  9
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out
of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Implementation Program
(1)  The Borrower shall cause the Authority:
     (a)  to complete the bidding process and the award
of the contracts for construction works under Part A of
the Project by such dates as shall ensure the completion
of such works by the end of the year 1990;
     (b)  to employ the consultants required to assist in
the implementation of Part B (3) of the Project by March
31, 1988, and complete the implementation of said Part B
(3) by June 30, 1990;
     (c)  to prepare and furnish to the Association
quarterly progress reports on the Project; and
     (d)  by December 31, 1987, to prepare, in
collaboration with MPW, and furnish to the Association
for its comments, a plan to strengthen and expand the
Planning and Traffic Department of the Authority.
(2)  The Borrower shall cause MPW:
     (a)  to assign, by January 31, 1988, to an
adequately staffed unit within its Technical Department,
the responsibility for: (i) the implementation of the
measures, referred to in Part B (1) of the Project, for
improving the Borrower's construction industry; and (ii)
the training of MPW's and the Authority's staff in the
preparation of bidding documents and the evaluation of
bids for construction works and in supervising the
execution thereof;
     (b)  to employ the consultants required to assist in
the implementation of Part B (1) of the Project by March
31, 1988, and to complete the implementation of said Part
Page  10
B (1) by the end of the year 1990; and
     (c)  to review with the Association, on an annual
basis, its transport investment and maintenance
proposals.
(3)  The Borrower shall:
     (a)  complete, by December 31, 1988, a study of the
mechanism and criteria for the determination of petroleum
prices, and discuss thereupon the findings and
recommendations of such study with the Association; and
     (b)  review with the Association, by December 31,
1988, the levels of road users charges, and adjust, on
the. basis of such review, said charges to such levels so
as to differentiate among classes of vehicles on the
basis of their axle-load.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule I to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to SDR 1,200,000 to be withdrawn from
the Credit Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
may be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Association shall specify. On the basis
of such requests, the Association shall withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such
amounts as shall be required to replenish the Special
Account with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments
made out of the Special Account for eligible
expenditures. All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the
Association from the Credit Account under the respective
eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by the evidence
Page  11
supporting the request for such deposit furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to or at the time of such request, such documents
and other evidence as the Association shall reasonably
request, showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Association when either of
the following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Association shall have determined
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made by the Borrower directly from the
               Credit Account in accordance with the
               provisions of Article V of the General
               Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
               2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the
               Credit allocated to the eligible
               Categories, minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Association pursuant to
               Section 5.02 of the General Conditions,
               shall be equal to the equivalent of twice
               the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will
be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was
made for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association for crediting to the Credit Account)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. No further
deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has made such deposit or
refund.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
Page  12
