Page  1
                                                 CONFORMED COPY
                                            LOAN NUMBER 3689 KO
                       KBI PROJECT AGREEMENT
                (Financial Intermediation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                      KOREA BANKING INSTITUTE
                      Dated January 19, 1994
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3689 KO
                       KBI PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 19, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and KOREA BANKING
INSTITUTE (KBI).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between REPUBLIC OF KOREA (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only
on condition that KBI agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and KBI, a portion of the proceeds of the loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to KBI on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS KBI, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obliga-
tions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth except that the term "Subsid-
iary Loan Agreement" in this Agreement means the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement to which KBI is or becomes a party, and the term "Project
Agreement" in this Agreement means the KBI Project Agreement to which
KBI is or becomes a party; and the term "Special Account" means the
Special Account established with respect to Category (1) of the Table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement.
                          ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of KBI
      Section 2.01.  (a)  KBI declares its commitment to the objec-
tives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agree-
ment, and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project and
conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with sound economic,
banking, financial and educational standards and practices, with
qualified management and personnel in adequate numbers, and in
accordance with its Charter, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for such Part of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, and except as the Bank and KBI shall otherwise
agree, KBI shall carry out Part B of the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, in the
procurement of consultants' services required for Part B of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, KBI shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981". For
complex, time-based assignments, KBI shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant standard documents have
been issued by the Bank, KBI shall use other standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
      Section 2.03. KBI shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, KBI shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsi-
diary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.04. KBI shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07 of the General Conditions (relating to
Page  3
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, and records and
reports, respectively) in respect of Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.05. (a) KBI shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part B
of the project, the performance of its obligations under this Agree-
ment and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   KBI shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part B of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by KBI of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) KBI shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Part B of the Project
(including its cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting
practices the operations and financial condition of KBI.
      (b)   KBI shall:
            (i)    have its records, relating to Part B of the
                   Project for each fiscal year audited, in accor-
                   dance with appropriate auditing principles con-
                   sistently applied, by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than four months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail as
                   the Bank shall have reasonably requested, and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and audit thereof, and
                   concerning its accounts and financial statements,
                   as the Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
      Section 3.02. KBI shall take such steps satisfactory to the
Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk of loss
resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the various
currencies (including the currency of the Borrower) used in its
operations.
                          ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of KBI thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify KBI thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall conti-
nue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or sus-
pension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
Page  4
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex
or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted to be
given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or at
such other address as such party shall have designated by notice to
the party giving such notice or making such request. The addresses
so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                  248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC),
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                   197688 (TRT)
      For KBI:
            Vice-President
            Korea Banking Institute
            28-1 Samchung-dong, Chongro-ku
            Seoul, Korea
                                           Fax:
                                              (82-2) 734-6624
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and
any document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agree-
ment on behalf of KBI may be taken or executed by the Vice-President
of KBI or such other person or persons as the Vice-President shall
designate in writing, and KBI shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several coun-
terparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collectively
but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By  /s/  Gautam S. Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
Page  5
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                               KOREA BANKING INSTITUTE
                               By  /s/  Chung-Gi Kim
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                     Implementation Schedule
1.    KBI shall implement Part B of the Project in accordance with
a timetable and training programs acceptable to the Bank and in
accordance with proposals for improving the quality of KBI's own
training service which are acceptable to the Bank.
2.    KBI shall submit for the Bank's approval its proposed training
program for any year by January 1 in the preceding year. The proposed
training program shall set forth:
      (a)   a timetable for the activities to be covered by the
program;
      (b)   details of the seminars to be conducted under the program
and of the specialists who will be invited to conduct them; and
      (c)   details of the proposed invitees who will be sent over-
seas for training and of the institutions and commercial banks where
they will attend the relevant training program or undertake on the
job training.
3.    KBI shall submit to the Bank by January 1 in each year its
proposals for improving the quality of its own training services
which will be carried out in the following year. These proposals
shall set forth KBI's proposals for improving the instructional
materials used in its training program; proposed changes to the
curriculum; training proposals for KBI's administrative and teaching
staff; and proposals for improving the evaluation of its training
schemes.
4.    KBI shall also assist the Borrower's Ministry of Finance in
selecting appropriate institutions which will be involved in training
officials under Part B of the Project.
5.    KBI shall report to the Bank on the progress being made in
implementing Part B of the Project within one month of the end of
each half-year.
6.    KBI shall submit to the Bank for its prior review two copies
of any proposal under Part B of the Project which would involve the
expenditure of more than $200,000.
