Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3165 PH
                  Guarantee Agreement
                (Energy Sector Project)
              REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated March 16, 1990
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3165 PH
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 16, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF
THE PHILIPPINES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor, National Power
Corporation aid Philippine National Oil Company (the
Borrowers), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreements, have requested the Bank to assist in
the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and National Power Corporation (NPC),
the Bank has agreed to extend to NPC a loan in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred million dollars
($200,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement (NPC Loan Agreement), but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obli-
gations of NPC in respect of such loan as provided in
this Agreement;
     (C)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and Philippine National Oil Company
(PNOC), the Bank has agreed to extend to PNOC a loan in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty
million dollars ($150,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement (PNOC Loan
Agreement), but only on condition that the Guarantor
agree to guarantee the obligations of PNOC in respect of
such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
Page  2
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the respective
Loan Agreements have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the respective Loan Agreements, and, to this end,
without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
respective Loans, and the premium, if any, on the
prepayment of the respective Loans, and the punctual
performance of all the other obligations of the
respective Borrowers, all as set forth in the respective
Loan Agreements.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the
Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there is
reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the respective Borrowers will be inadequate to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the
Bank, promptly to provide the respective Borrowers or
cause the respective Borrowers to be provided with such
funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                      ARTICLE III
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 3.01. The Secretary of Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
     Secretary of Finance
     Department of Finance
     Manila, Philippines
     Cable address:           Telex:
          SECFIN               40268 CB-CONF
Page  3
          Manila
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA) or
                                           64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
               By /s/ Emmanuel Pelaez
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Shinji Asanuma
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
