Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2485 UNI
                   Development Credit Agreement
                (Second Multi-State Roads Project)
                              between
                    FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 30, 1993
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2485 UNI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 30, 1993, between FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF
NIGERIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   Parts A, B, C.1, C.2 and C.3 of the Project will be
carried out by Oyo and Osun States of Nigeria (the Project States)
with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to each of the Project States a portion
of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreements of even date herewith between the Association and each of
the Project States;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement and in Section 2.01 (c) of the
Project Agreements;
      (b)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the agreements
entered into between the Borrower and each of the Project States
pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes any schedules to
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (c)   "Project Agreements" means the agreements between the
Association and the Project States, of even date herewith, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreements;
      (d)   "FMWH" means the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing
of the Borrower;
      (e)   "SMOW" means the Ministry charged with the
responsibility for Works in the Project States;
      (f)   "Technology Transfer Centers" means the Technology
Transfer Centers referred to in Part C.3 of the Project; and
      (g)   "Project Account" means the Project Account referred to
in Section 2.01 (b)(ii) of each Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty-one
million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
61,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part C.4 of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in
a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
Page  3
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15
commencing May 15, 2003 and ending November 15, 2027. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 15, 2012
shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. Oyo State and Osun State are designated as
representatives of the Borrower in respect of Parts A, B, C.1, C.2
Page  4
and C.3 of the Project for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)   shall carry out Part C.4 of the Project with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                  appropriate administrative, financial and road
                  engineering and maintenance practices and shall
                  provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                  facilities, services and other resources required
                  for such Part of the Project;
           (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of its
                  other obligations under this Agreement, shall,
                  within the limits of its constitutional powers,
                  cause the Project States to perform all their
                  obligations set forth in the Project Agreements,
                  shall take or cause to be taken all action,
                  including the provision of funds, facilities,
                  services and other resources, necessary or
                  appropriate to enable the Project States to
                  perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                  permit to be taken any action which would prevent
                  or interfere with such performance; and
          (iii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of its
                  obligations under paragraph (i) above with
                  respect to the provision of funds, shall provide
                  in its budget amounts adequate to meet the
                  Borrower's counterpart contributions to the costs
                  of the Project as said contributions shall be
                  determined for each fiscal year in agreement with
                  the Association. The said contributions are
                  estimated to amount to $40,000 equivalent per
                  year.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend to the Project States the
proceeds of the Credit allocated to the Project States in Schedule
1 to this Agreement under Subsidiary Loan Agreements to be entered
into between the Borrower and each Project State, under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association which
shall include: (i) interest at the prevailing variable rate
applicable to loans made by the Bank; (ii) repayment of principal in
20 years, including five years of grace; and (iii) assumption by the
Project States of the foreign exchange risk pertaining to the money
so relent to them.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part C.4 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall carry out jointly with the
Association:
      (a)   an annual review of the Project no later than October 31
Page  5
of each year to: (i) assess progress made in the execution of the
Project; and (ii) review the work program including the manpower
development and training plan and budgetary allocations proposed for
the following fiscal year; and
      (b)   a mid-term review of the Project no later than June 30,
1996 to assess: (i) the overall progress made in carrying out the
Project including the status of road user charges and cost recovery;
(ii) the use of private contractors; (iii) training; (iv) the
performance of FMWH in coordinating Project activities; (v) the
performance of SMOWs as Project executing agencies; (vi) the impact
of road works on the surrounding environment; (vii) the results of
axle load surveys conducted under the Project and any follow-up
measures required; and (viii) the need for redesign and/or
restructuring of the Project or any part thereof in the light of
performance indicators agreed upon with the Association.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of
Parts A, B, C.1, C.2 and C.3 of the Project shall be carried out by
each Project State pursuant to Section 2.03 of its respective
Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part C.4 of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
Page  6
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any of the Project States shall have failed to perform
any of its obligations under the respective Project Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower or a Project State shall have failed to
perform any of its obligations under the respective Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      (c)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that any of the Project States will
be able to perform its obligations under the respective Project
Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the meaning
of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   Either Oyo State or Osun State has fulfilled all the
conditions referred to in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of this
Section:
            (i)   a Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
                  behalf of the Borrower and either one of the
                  Project States;
           (ii)   appropriate measures satisfactory to the
                  Association have been taken by at least one
                  Project State to increase the level of road user
                  charges collected at the state level so as to
                  enable the Project State to finance at least the
                  recurrent costs of routine maintenance; and
          (iii)   the project management consultants with
                  qualifications and professional experience
                  satisfactory to the Association have been
                  recruited by either one of the Project States to
                  assist it in the execution of the Project.
      (b)   Each Project State has opened a Project Account and has
Page  7
deposited therein an initial amount equivalent to $280,000 in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.01 (b) of the respective
Project Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreements have been duly authorized or
ratified by the Project States and are legally binding upon the
Project States in accordance with their terms; and
      (b)   that at least one Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and one Project State
and is legally binding upon the Borrower and said Project State in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Federal Minister responsible for Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Honourable Minister
            Federal Ministry of Finance
            PMB 14
            Garki Abuja
            Nigeria
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FEDMINFIN                 21248
                  Abuja
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
Page  8
                        By /s/ Zubair M. Kazaure
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Civil works
      (a)  Oyo State          21,600,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                30% of local
                                                expenditures
      (b)  Osun State         20,600,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                30% of local
                                                expenditures
(2)   Equipment and
      vehicles
      (a)  Oyo State           1,260,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                75% of local
                                                expenditures
      (b)  Osun State          1,260,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                75% of local
                                                expenditures
(3)   Consulting
      services
      (a)  Oyo State           3,600,000        100%
      (b)  Osun State          4,000,000        100%
      (c)  FMWH                1,600,000        100%
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4)   Training
      (a)  Oyo State             800,000        100%
      (b)  Osun State            800,000        100%
Page  9
      (c)  FMWH                   80,000        100%
(5)   Unallocated
      (a)  Oyo State           2,900,000
      (b)  Osun State          2,900,000
                               _________
           TOTAL              61,400,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b)
expenditures made by any Project State under Categories (1) through
(4) unless: (i) the Project State concerned has concluded with the
Borrower a Subsidiary Loan Agreement satisfactory to the
Association; (ii) the Project State has taken the measures referred
to in Section 6.01 (a) (ii) of this Agreement; and (c) the Project
State has recruited the consultants referred to in Section 6.01 (a)
(iii) of this Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist Oyo and Osun
States to: (i) develop and sustain a program of rehabilitation and
maintenance of their high priority roads; (ii) train staff of SMOWs
to plan and oversee road works undertaken for the States by private
contractors; (iii) encourage private contractors to execute road
sector infrastructure works; (iv) establish reliable mechanisms to
mobilize local funding for the road sector; and (v) select and
design road works in conformity with the most appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices and procedures.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Civil Works
      Construction, upgrading, maintenance, rehabilitation and
strengthening of high priority roads in Oyo State (about 480 km) and
Osun State (about 510 km) and construction of a building in Osun
State to house its materials testing laboratory.
Part B:     Road Maintenance Equipment and Machinery
      Acquisition of equipment, vehicles and machinery required for
an efficient management and maintenance of road infrastructure.
Part C:     Institutional Development
1.    (a)   Training of the staff of the SMOWs in planning, design
and supervision of construction and maintenance of roads and in
contract management.
      (b)   Formulation and execution of a manpower development
Page  10
plan.
2.    (a)   Establishment of a computerized data base to collect and
regularly update relevant data on road inventory and the condition
of the road network in Oyo and Osun States.
      (b)   Execution of axle load survey with a view to developing
and implementing appropriate load control measures.
3.   Establishment in Oyo and Osun States of a Technology Transfer
Center to assist inter alia in: (i) the transfer into the Project
States of highway technology from abroad; (ii) the dissemination to
private contractors of technical information on roads including
information on contract management; and (iii) the establishment and
maintenance of channels of communication between the SMOWs and the
road construction industries.
4.    Strengthening FMWH's capability to coordinate the imple-
mentation of road works being carried out at the State level and to
carry out feasibility studies and other relevant studies for the
road sector in selected States.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                         SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement of Consultants' Services
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Part C.4 of
the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (3) (c)
and (4) (c) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Part C.4 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $200,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
Page  11
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents
and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Part C.4 of the Project,
less the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into
by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to Part C.4 of the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Part C.4 of the Project shall follow such procedures
as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that
the Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
Page  12
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
