Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2736 UG
                              Project Agreement
                  (Institutional Capacity Building Project)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                     and
             INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS OF UGANDA
                             Dated June 9, 1995
                                                      CREDIT NUMBER 2736 UG
                              PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 9, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and INSTITUTE OF
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS OF UGANDA (ICPAU).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Uganda (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
twenty five million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 25,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that ICPAU agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      WHEREAS ICPAU, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Page  2
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                                 Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ICPAU declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part D of the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Manual, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial and accountancy
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Part D of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and services required for Part
D of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ICPAU shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part D of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) ICPAU shall: (i) at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of Part D of the project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit; and (ii) prepare and furnish to the
Association through the Project Steering Committee and the
technical committee referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 of
Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement, action plans
and, with effect from the second year of Project
implementation, annual work plans (including training plans)
for the implementation of Part D of the Project, not later than
the first day of April of each year.
      (b)   ICPAU shall take all measures necessary to ensure:
(i) that the first intake of students for the local
professional accountancy examinations will commence by not
later than September 1, 1996 and that the first examinations
will be held by not later than June 1, 1997; and (ii) that the
local accountancy standards are completed and published by not
later than June 1, 1998.
      (c)   ICPAU shall carry out a comprehensive review of Part
D of the Project with the Borrower and the Association in
conformity with the provisions of Section 3.04 of the
Development Credit Agreement.
      (d)   ICPAU shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part D of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by ICPAU of its
obligations under this Agreement.
Page  3
                                 ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of ICPAU
      Section 3.01. ICPAU shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and accountancy practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ICPAU shall at all times operate and
maintain its equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound financial and
administrative practices.
      Section 3.03. ICPAU shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ICPAU shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition and
the implementation of Part D of the Project.
      (b)   ICPAU shall:
            (i)     have its records, accounts and financial
                    statements (balance sheets, statements of
                    income and expenses and related statements)
                    for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                    with appropriate auditing principles
                    consistently applied, by independent auditors
                    acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)     furnish to the Association as soon as
                    available, but in any case not later than six
                    months after the end of each such year: (A)
                    certified copies of its financial statements
                    for such year as so audited, and (B) the
                    report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                    scope and in such detail (including a
                    comprehensive financial and operational audit)
                    as the Association shall have reasonably
                    requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such other
                    information concerning said records, accounts,
                    operations and financial statements as well as
                    the audit thereof, as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably request.
                                  ARTICLE V
                        Effective Date; Termination;
                         Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of ICPAU thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)     the date on which the Development Credit
Page  4
                    Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                    its terms; or
           (ii)     the date ten years after the date of this
                    Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify ICPAU of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                          Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                    INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                    Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For ICPAU:
            Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Uganda
            c/o Coopers and Lybrand
            Grindlays Bank Chambers
            45 Kampala Road
            P.O. Box 882
            Kampala, Uganda
                                            Telex:
                                              973-61171
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of ICPAU may be taken or
executed by the Secretary or such other person or persons as
the Secretary shall designate in writing, and ICPAU shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority
and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
Page  5
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                          INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
                          INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC
                            ACCOUNTANTS OF UGANDA
                          By /s/ Ahmed Ssenyomo
                                                  Authorized Representative
