Report No. PID9894
Project Name             Niger-Private Irrigation Promotion (@)
Region                   Africa Regional Office
Sector                   Irrigation & Drainage
Project ID               NEPE72996
Borrower(s)              GOVERNMENT OF NIGER
Implementing Agency
Address ASSOCIATION NIGeRIENNE DE
PROMOTION DE L'IRRIGATION PRIVeE
Address: P.O Box 507, Niamey, Niger
Contact Person: Mr. Amadou Allahoury,
Director General
Tel: (227) 733807 / 736873
Fax: (227) 736293
Email: anpip@intnet.ne
Environment Category     B
Date PID Prepared        February 27, 2002
Projected Appraisal
Date                     October 29, 2001
Projected Board Date     March 19, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Sector Issues: Rural poverty: The UNDP considers Niger the second poorest
country in the world. It appears to be getting poorer -- the current per
capita GDP is less than half of its level 20 years ago. Four out of five
Nigeriens live in rural areas, and two thirds of these live in absolute
poverty. The livelihoods and prospects for rural households are tightly
bound to agriculture, which provides the vast majority of employment,
food, and income. Despite the large share of public investment financing
devoted to rural development, agricultural GDP grew at an annual average
rate of only 0.9 percent in real terms in the period 1966-96, mainly from
increasing the area under cultivation. With the fastest growing
population in the world, this has meant an annual decline in per capita
agricultural GDP by about two percent, and an alarming increase in the
number of households lacking food security. Dependence on rainfall:
Agriculture, in turn, is primarily constrained by water availability. Most
Nigeriens rely on millet and sorghum as staples, which are at the mercy of
low and highly variable precipitation. Unlike other Sahelian countries,
which have experienced productivity gains in cereals, yields of Nigerien
staples are small and declining. Much of Niger is suitable only for
pastoralism and the livestock sector is the second most important economic
activity for the poor. While the arid environment keeps most diseases at
bay, weather fluctuations and water scarcity are constant threats to
production, with fifty percent drops in the size of the national herd
recorded in the droughts of 1973 and 1984. The importance of rainfed crops
and livestock means that the Nigerien economy and the well-being of the
population are highly vulnerable to variation in precipitation. GDP growth
has been negative in 10 of the last 30 years largely as a result of
inadequate rainfall. In normal years, 10 percent of land area receives



more than 350 mm of rain, and only one percent receives more than 600 mm.
Long-term prospects are not encouraging; the trend in average rainfall has
been decreasing for the last 30 years. Access to ground or surface water
is limited to water courses, all of which (except one) are shared with
other countries. The Niger river is the only permanent source of water,
and even this has been known to dry up completely. Lake Chad was once
present in Niger, but has retreated across the border into Chad.
Irrigation potential: Eighty-two percent of total water use in Niger is
for agriculture. Currently, 80,000 hectares are irrigated, of which
one-sixth is fully irrigated, with the remainder used to grow off-season
crops. Despite the scarcity of rain and surface water, there exist immense
groundwater resources which remain largely untapped. Less than one fourth
of the potentially irrigable area is currently used. Niger has numerous
zones with shallow and highly productive sandy aquifers including the
Dallol Bosso, Dallol Maouri, Tarka Valley, Goulbi N'Kaba (Maradi), the
Kouramas (Zinder), and oases near Goure and even as far north as Ayr.
However, these zones are not always well served with supporting
infrastructure or access to markets. Also, some areas are populated by
Fulani herders who have limited interest in crop production. Sixty percent
of irrigable potential is located in the Niger river valley, where farmers
depend on the surface water from the river and its tributaries. However,
many who live in the area are not close enough to obtain water directly
from the river, and the soils have low hydraulic conductivity, where the
thickness of the aquifer is limited and underlain by rock. As Niger has
domain over only a small section of the river, there are international
implications for use of surface water (see section 7.2 on safeguard
policies).Despite notoriously poor agricultural statistics in Niger, there
are clear indications of robust growth in irrigated production while
rainfed agriculture has stagnated. Irrigated areas have quadrupled in the
last ten years. Although 99 percent of cultivated land is rainfed, the
value of irrigated production is 10 percent of the total, with promising
possibilities for sustained growth. Niger enjoys comparative advantage in
several commodities, particularly with respect to the huge coastal and
Nigerian markets to the south. These include higher value crops such as
onions, peppers, carrots, cabbages, garlic, rice, and cotton.
Competitiveness indicators show that irrigated crops are more competitive
than rainfed crops or livestock (Domestic Resource Cost coefficients for
onion, pepper, and rice systems range between 0.21 and 0.61). A detailed
discussion of markets and market potential for Nigerien exports may be
found in the Project Appraisal Document for the Agro-pastoral Export
Promotion project and its associated preparation documents. Irrigation
management practices: A variety of irrigation practices may be found in
Niger. These may be classified as (i) large-scale perimeters, (ii)
off-season schemes and schemes for collection of run-off water, and (iii)
private smallholder irrigation. The large-scale perimeters, known as
amenagements hydroagricoles (AHA) are managed by the state irrigation
agency (ONAHA), and are located in the Niger River valley, the Maggia, the
Goulbi Maradi, and the Komadougou. More than 50 plots, constituting about
13,500 ha, have been developed but 40 percent of this area is unusable
because of inadequate water supply. Investment costs of large-scale
irrigation are very high and require foreign assistance. Much of the
production from AHAs is rice and cotton production for domestic use or
export.
Off-season schemes and water harvesting constitute partial irrigation
management and are administered by the services of the Ministry of
- 2 -



Agricultural Development, notably the department of Genie Rural (small
works). These are implemented in traditionally exploited sites, and often
set up to incorporate farm households affected by drought. Runoff
management is seen as a logical response to water scarcity, and a way to
increase water recharge and storage and avoid erosion, sedimentation, soil
quality depletion through leaching of nutrients, and loss of retained soil
moisture. The new Special Program of the President foresees construction
of 100 small dams in this respect.
Private irrigation is managed by ANPIP (Niger Agency for Private
Irrigation Promotion) since 1996 as the pilot phase of the proposed
project, and constitutes a wide range of irrigation technologies, but
focussing largely on treadle pumps and tube wells. Much of the production
from these small plots (which rarely exceed 0.5 hectares) is horticulture
for home use, local marketing, and exports.Agricultural services:
Extension to promote private irrigation is confronted with multiple
challenges. Water collection and distribution is technically difficult in
an arid environment despite major efforts towards adapting the equipment
to the Sahelian conditions. Small-scale irrigation technologies in Niger
are typically rudimentary. The vast majority of farmers use outmoded
techniques that are labour-intensive, waste water, and may cause soil
degradation through water logging and salinization. The technologies for
water lifting are such that this constitutes the most time consuming
single operation in traditional irrigated agriculture. Irrigation
infrastructures such as dikes are destroyed annually for lack of
protection. Farmers waste large amounts of water through conveyance
losses, especially in sandy soils. Traditional wells require periodic
redigging and cannot penetrate significantly into the aquifer because the
saturated sand collapses. Salinization can become a problem if the
application rates of water before the growing season are not sufficient to
leach salts from the soil. Despite these problems, Nigerien gardeners tend
to be very experienced in field layout and gravity irrigation systems.
Technical support of farmers for irrigation promotion is limited by a
scarcity of resources and skills. Field surveys show that farmers are
poorly equipped to select appropriate crops to meet production and
marketing objectives. Few technical packages target intensive production
systems (with the exception of onions). Farm management is often
inadequate, increasing the risks associated with investments towards
farming development. Agricultural research and extension in Niger is
extremely limited due to capacity and resource constraints, which became
particularly acute after the closing of IDA-funded projects in these
domains. This lack of appropriate or sufficient agricultural services
often leads to failure of development efforts, at a high cost to
subsistence farmers, which constitute the majority population in rural
Niger. Land and water tenure: Tenure of smallholdings is not thought to be
a major constraint to irrigation development, despite the fact that
existing land laws are not put in practice. On March 2, 1993 the country
adopted decree 93-015, providing the guiding principles of the rural legal
code. In its Article 5, the Decree states that "rights exercised on
natural resources, whether from customary or modern law, enjoy similar
protection". The option of giving equal weight to both sources of law,
which is uncommon in Africa, facilitates closer integration of the two and
better protects customary rights. In the long term, this law constitutes
progress in a society where the market is rapidly broadening, and
transition from customary to modern law provides holders of both rights
with more effective protection under the law. Land Tenure Commissions
- 3 -



(which will eventually be installed in all districts and communes) are
expected to issue affordable land deeds that will be registered in the
dossier rural, becoming eventually a repository for all future
transactions. Furthermore, the unilateral private agreement or the
bilateral agreement established by an administrative or judicial authority
will provide a conclusive protection to the holders of such deeds. With
respect to water resources, the (March 2, 1993) Decree 93-014 -- modified
by the (December 7, 1998) Law 98-041-- and its implementing provisions
should allow the implementation of the rural code's main directives in the
area of water resources, in particular the enforcement and protection of
existing rights. However, the law in its current form still has many
shortcomings, which prevents it from providing water management and
irrigation with clear directives. Because it is ill-adapted and
incomplete, the Decree 93-014 has not be made effective.Access to inputs:
Access to financing is a major constraint to development of the
sub-sector, where fewer than three percent of rural Nigeriens have access
to credit. There are no rural development banks for credit, and private
commercial banks are generally not interesting in supplying credit for
agriculture, particularly for periods of more than a year, given that
droughts create large covariant risk. Most producers have limited capital
and no collateral. Because they are not organized, they are unable to pool
resources to acquire bank loans and make investments for collective
benefit. A new IFAD project (PDSFR) is now beginning to address this
problem by consolidating and strengthening a network of decentralized
micro-finance institutions (MFIs). Access to irrigation equipment, spare
parts, and repair services traditionally been poor but has improved
significantly in recent years. The markets for seeds and fertilizer have
been liberalized and equipment for small-scale irrigation and spare parts
for hand pumps are exempt from duties.Marketing and producer organization:
Niger is relatively isolated from markets by poor marketing
infrastructure. The network of rural roads is particularly poor, with
important implications for farmers' timely access to markets, as well as
the ability of extension agents and input suppliers to reach clients.
Transport problems and lack of storage facilities are reflected in wide
seasonal price fluctuations and heavy post-harvest losses. The lack of
appropriate post-harvest storage technology results in the loss of
nutritional qualities and prevent products from being marketed at prices
acceptable by producers. A survey done as part of the pilot project found
that very few gardeners reported that they could not sell their produce,
but they did note that there were large variations in the prices they
would receive. Farming is still poorly professionalized, despite numerous
groups, associations and federations that are attempting to organize
under the aegis of projects and local initiatives. At the initiative of
the CILSS, for example, a regional federation of farmers' organizations
has been created. However these organizations do not have the capacity to
provide a level of services that meets the needs of their membership.
While there are some producer and water-use organizations, there are
virtually no associations for marketing agricultural products in Niger.
There is therefore a need to organize operators for them to better
understand markets, and develop adequate packaging, processing, drying,
and storage as a way to exploit market conditions and reduce crop losses.
This is the objective of PIP2's sister project, IDA's Agro-pastoral Export
Promotion project, which is expected to complement and support the
activities of PIP2 (and vice-versa). Government Strategy:The Government of
Niger's (GoN) long-term goal in the agricultural sector is to promote
- 4 -



sustainable growth in order to meet the demand of an increasing
population, while improving food security, alleviating poverty, and
increasing exports. Irrigation is widely believed to play a central role
in achieving this goal. GoN has repeatedly announced plans to decentralize
the management of water resources by transferring greater responsibilities
to local communities, and to foster private sector participation and
development. While GoN has taken important concrete steps to develop
strategies for water and irrigation, it lacks the financial means to
manage its water resources adequately.In 1993 (with an update in 1997)
Niger adopted a Master Plan for the development and management of its
water resources. Strategies to meet the objective of putting water at the
forefront of the national development agenda included, among other things,
decentralization, community mobilization for water resource planning,
creation of seven basin-level management units, and a National Water
Commission, with a permanent technical secretariat, to lead national and
regional water resource planning, development and management. Since then,
GoN has undertaken a ten-year process of preparing a water resource
management investment strategy, the National Water Program (Programme
Hydraulique National, PHN, 1999) which outlines a strategy to 2010. The
key elements of the PHN are (i) an improved knowledge of water resources,
(ii) improvement of water supply, including better sanitation, (iii)
support to water-based productive sectors, notably irrigation, and (iv)
adoption of an institutional and legal framework. Support to private
irrigation development and demand-driven, community or producer-based
investment funds are a central feature of the PHN's strategy for promoting
irrigation. The investment proposal, however, fails to estimate the cost
and benefits and lacks a prioritized and realistic investment program
given resource constraints. With specific reference to irrigation, GoN
received assistance from the FAO and World Bank in 2000 and produced a
sub-sector strategy: "Strategies Nationale de Developpement de
l'Irrigation et de Collecte des Eaux de Ruisellement". The short- and
medium-term objectives are to improve productivity and profitability
investments in irrigation. In the long-term, the intention is to promote
national food security and the productive capacity of Niger's natural
resources. The vision for 2015 is an irrigation sector that is (i) driven
and managed by the operators themselves, with a reformed "back-seat" role
for the State, (ii) low-cost with complete water management, (iii) fully
evaluated in terms of economic costs and benefits, and (iv)
environmentally sustainable. A strategy validation workshop took place in
February 2001. Rural development in general, and irrigation development in
particular, are important features of the Government's newly adopted PRSP.
PIP2 is the first IDA project to go to Board in the post-PRSP period.
2. Objectives
The objective of the Private Irrigation Promotion Project (PIP2) is to
increase production and profitability of high-value, irrigated crops by
private, smallholder farmers with simple, low-cost technologies. PIP2 will
build on and expand on the success of the Pilot Private Irrigation Project
(PPIP), which began in 1996 ended in December, 2001. Both projects are
aimed at capitalizing on Niger's comparative advantage in production of
several irrigated commodities. This is done through developing and
disseminating improved low-cost technologies (mainly manual pumps and tube
wells), along with a supporting package of training, financial, and
technical assistance. Beneficiaries of both projects are poor smallholder
farmers organized in common interest groups, who are served by an umbrella
- 5 -



organization (an NGO), which also implements the project. Other project
beneficiaries include private service providers who support irrigation
development, such as local artisans and micro-finance institutions.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
While many donors are involved in rural water supply and irrigation, the
World Bank has a comparative advantage in pushing forward a policy agenda
at the central level which promotes private investment in irrigation.
Several areas of synergy may be exploited within the Bank's portfolio in
Niger. The most obvious is the export promotion project, which has already
been discussed. The Community Action Program (CAP) and the Natural
Resource Management project (PGRN) will lend lessons on community-driven
development and soil and water conservation measures. Finally, with its
track record with PPIP, the Bank has an obvious advantage at continuing
with this work in future. Despite our strong position in the sector, the
World Bank must continue to make every effort to collaborate with other
donors interested in supporting or co-financing private irrigation.
4. Description
Component 1: Advisory Services and ResearchOutput: Simple, low-cost
irrigation and production technologies are developed, tested, improved,
and disseminated to private farmers.This component has two sub-components.
The first concerns participatory research, aimed at developing and testing
new technologies with farmer participation to increase irrigated
production and add value. The second involves advisory services, aimed at
ensuring that farmers are provided relevant and effective advice on
production and marketing on a regular and timely basis, and aimed at
disseminating technologies proved effective in the pilot phase of the
project. This component will continue to develop, test, and disseminate
the technologies developed in the pilot phase, with the objective of
improving the productivity and profitability of smallholder farmers. Most
financing would cover research and extension for manual technologies, such
as (i) improvements to hand dug wells to increase recharge rate and reduce
construction costs, (ii) manual methods for inserting tubewells, (iii)
manual water lifting technologies, (iv) simple water distribution
technologies, and (v) training of local artisans to produce and repair
manual irrigation equipment. To a much lesser extent, the project would
also finance research in motorized techniques appropriate for larger
holdings (i.e. greater than 0.5 ha). This may include techniques for
tubewell drilling, and more sophisticated water distribution technologies,
including motorized auguring and rotary drilling systems, motorized
bailers, small petrol powered suction pumps, small submersible pumps for
deeper water table applications. New technologies that show promise will
also be investigated, such as drip or sprinkler irrigation, which show
particular value in supporting small plots operated by women. ANPIP will
recruit operators (consulting firms or international NGOs) who will have
responsibility for programming, implementing and monitoring all activities
under this component.Output performance indicators will relate to the
number of new manual and mechanized technologies which are tested and
developed, and the number of farmers who are trained in using the new
technologies.Component 2: Capacity BuildingOutput: Existing organizations
of smallholder irrigators (GIEs) are strengthened and new organizations
created so that their members are better placed to take advantage of new
technologies.This component comprises three elements. The first supports
ANPIP with a view to it acquiring increasing autonomy, sustainability and
- 6 -



accountability to its members, and also provides support to producers'
organizations, so that a network of farmer organizations is strengthened
and participates actively in the diversification and intensification of
irrigated production. The second is aimed at supporting government's
efforts in promoting private irrigation, through its policy, reforms, and
deconcentrated services. The third subcomponent is a pilot, testing
private management of selected ONAHA perimeters to develop models that can
be used to help Government disengage from direct involvement in these
schemes.Despite the project's focus on promoting private as opposed to
communal ownership of irrigation assets, it will be critical to work with
groups of producers in order to reduce costs and ensure that large numbers
of potential beneficiaries are reached. Through support to ANPIP and
direct support to producer groups, this component is aimed at organizing
and empowering producers and improving their ability to have a voice in
the direction of the subsector. It will provide a variety of support to
existing and potential organizations, including legal advice, internal
organization, entrepreneurial skills, and financial and administrative
management. Support will be provided through project specialists,
consultants, seminars, and other training fora. The component will finance
organizational support to economic interest groups (groupements des
interets economiques, GIE) and individuals, so that smallholder farmers
are better able to purchase and use new technologies. The project will
help groups acquire legal status, which will be required for access to
banks. As in the pilot phase, PIP2 will create savings associations,
within which farmers will be encouraged to set aside cash to cover the
required contribution for the matching grant (see below). The project will
also provide assistance to local artisans who manufacture, sell, and
repair pumps and possibly to other service providers (such as well
drillers). Finally, the project will address post-farm and marketing
issues by facilitating access to the information services and the export
promotion grant facility of the Agro-pastoral Export Promotion project. On
a demand-driven basis, this component will also support the
capacity-building for the Special program of the President of Niger, which
aims at improving water management in Niger through the creation of
multiple uses water points serving the needs of people and livestock. The
pilot sub-component will focus on the ONAHA perimeters of Djirataoua (near
Maradi), Konni, and Galmi. The implementation of this sub-component will
rest on a contractual agreement between ANPIP and ONAHA which is
countersigned by MDA and which specifies the following operational
modalities: (i) revision of legal texts to separate water management and
marketing functions; (ii) creation of water users' associations to assume
the water management function; and (iii) confirmation of the
responsibilities of cooperatives with respect to product marketing. The
implementation responsibilities for all three sub-components will be
entrusted to a service provider, who will provide intensive methodology
support during the first year and selective support in subsequent years.
The providers could be either farmers' organizations, NGOs or consulting
firms with experience in the institutional development of farmers'
organizations. Output performance indicators will be the number of groups
and beneficiaries who receive assistance from this component, in terms of
the number of training events held, the number of new groups created, the
number of beneficiaries who successfully receive credit from the formal
sector, and results of beneficiary assessments indicating satisfaction
with project interventions.Component 3: Irrigation InvestmentOutput:
Members of project- supported producer organizations and related
-7 -



stakeholders are able to address their irrigation investment needs through
a matching grant facility.This component is aimed at addressing the lack
of financing in the sector. The first component is the "Irrigation
Investment Fund", which provides a demand-driven matching grant facility
available to the individual members of the producer groups mentioned in
the previous component. The project will finance irrigation technology and
supporting activities through a matching grant, which will be disbursed to
a special account and sub-accounts in branch offices. Eligible
beneficiaries (farmers, producer organizations, equipment producers, etc)
will contribute 10 - 30 percent of the cost which will be matched by the
project for eligible activities. The project contribution must be
reimbursed by the beneficiaries with interest, but this sum will be used
as a revolving fund for future activities. In this way PIP2 is expected to
reinforce, rather than crowd out, the nascent system of rural finance.
Members of producer groups, individuals, and others who provide support to
micro-irrigation (local artisans, etc) will be actively encouraged and
assisted in preparing modest financing proposals based on their perceived
needs for irrigation. These proposals will be screened by the project
implementation unit, having first been cleared by the producer group. In
some cases, a consultant may be hired to determine the technical and
economic feasibility. Also, the environmental protection component (see
below) must ensure that the proposals meet the requirements of the
environmental management plan. The second aspect of this component
provides support to Micro-Finance Institutions (MFIs). A capacity-building
fund for MFIs will be put in place to strengthen and develop MFIs and
their umbrella organizations, in collaboration the network supported by
PDSFR, the new IFAD rural finance project. Funds will be used to (i)
strengthen the capacity of the MCPEC network (support to operations and
acquisition of techniques needed to rehabilitate the network); and (ii)
provide technical support to other networks assisting irrigators under
this project; and (iii) support further development. The strengthening of
MFIs in the MCPEC network will benefit local savings and loans, involved
in credit for irrigation operations and requiring assistance in the form
of human resources to support the monitoring and repayment of their loans,
of equipment (motorcycles) and of participation to the financing of their
operating cost. Output performance indicators will relate to the
percentage of grant applications received and granted, the percentage
assessed for technical and economic feasibility, and whether the review
process outlined in the future project implementation manual is
respected.Component 4: Environmental ProtectionOutput: Minimization of
adverse environmental and social impacts from expansion of smallholder
irrigation, and conservation and improvement of the natural resource base
where possible.This component will identify any negative environmental
aspects of sub-projects and will put in place an action plan aiming at
mitigating environmental risks. The project will finance studies,
investments, technical assistance and capacity building required to
promote a sustainable use of water and soil resources in Niger. This
component has the following objectives: (i) to protect and maintain the
irrigated perimeters and the sites where they are located; (ii) to protect
the environment against potentially negative effects of the development
and use of irrigated perimeters, although their small surface (limited in
most cases to less than one hectare and never exceeds 10 hectares) makes a
negative impact very unlikely; (iii) to monitor aquifers against overuse
and pollution; and (iv) to train project stakeholders (public services,
ANPIP, consulting firms, agriculture support services, consumers, etc.) on
- 8 -



environmental impact issues, techniques mitigating environmental risks, in
particular protection against wind and water erosion, and on their
respective roles within an comprehensive institutional arrangement. This
component will be carried out in collaboration with the Cooperation
Fran6aise, who are providing capacity-building support to the Ministry of
Environment to promote environmentally sustainable agricultural
production. ANPIP will also subcontract activities to an operator selected
on the basis of an international competition, who will carry out this
component.Output performance indicators will relate to the percentage of
farmers notified and using guidelines of fertilizer use, chemical use, and
natural resource conservation measures.Component 5: Project
managementOutput: ANPIP's project implementation unit is efficiently and
effectively providing demand-driven assistance to small farmers, operating
on schedule, and within budget.This component will support the project
implementation unit (PIU) of ANPIP. Project management will be carried out
by qualified professionals, recruited competitively, and experienced in
irrigation and farmer organization. They will operate according to
carefully prepared performance goals and expectations. This component will
finance the operational and outreach budget of ANPIP and capacity-building
of project staff.Output performance indicators will relate to the
attainment of project objectives with respect to schedule and budget.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER                 6.46
IDA                      38.72
FRANCE, GOV. OF           1
LOCAL FARMER
ORGANIZATIONS            2.21
Total Project Cost       48.39
6. Implementation
The period of implementation is five years -- from 2002 to 2007. Project
oversight will come from the Ministry of Agricultural Development (MDA) --
which has the mandate for agricultural water supply development schemes --
and an Orientation and Monitoring Committee (Comite de Suivi et
Orientation, CSO). Given ANPIP's positive performance in its management of
the PPIP, the MDA will delegate to ANPIP the responsibility for
implementation of PIP2. Existing conventions will be revised and adjusted
to reflect the new project components and the geographical coverage, as
well as to correct problems that have emerged during the implementation of
the first phase of the project. The project implementation unit will be an
sub-structure of ANPIP.Project oversight: Comite de Suivi et Orientation,
CSOExperience gained in PPIP implementation underlined the importance of
providing the PIP2 with an oversight structure that will facilitate the
government's exercise of its public management functions such as
orientation, monitoring and control. The CSO membership will be specified
in a decree to be issued by the MDA and will include representatives from
all public agencies involved in the implementation of the PIP2 as well as
representatives from the farmers and other operators. Its mandate will
include: (i) validating the key orientations of the project and, if need
be, proposing adjustment and reorientation; (ii) approving annual
objectives and priorities proposed by the board of ANPIP and ensuring
their consistency with national rural development objectives and
strategies; (iii) coordinating project activities across sectors and
- 9-



proposing solution to problems and constraints hampering the development
of private irrigation in Niger; (iv) identifying and programming the
various appraisal missions; (v) approving annual work programs and
budgets, activity and financial reports for the preceding fiscal year
presented by the board of ANPIP; and (vi) participating in the supervision
missions. Executing agency: Association Nigerienne de Promotion de
l'Irrigation Privee (ANPIP) and the PIUANPIP is a private non-profit
organization, instituted by the July 12 1993 Decree 121/MI/DAPJ with the
objective to contribute to the development of all activities associated
with the promotion of private irrigation. The objectives pursued by ANPIP
remain pertinent and its role in guiding the development of the private
irrigation sector is fully consistent with government's realignment of
public/private goals in the sector. With PIP2 support, ANPIP will continue
its efforts toward strengthening its operational framework and encouraging
inter-professional representations, while developing professional services
meeting the needs of its membership. Its development approach, to be
detailed as a "Strategic Development Plan" to be made available prior to
effectiveness of PIP2, is aimed at making ANPIP financially sustainable in
the long term. For the purpose of implementing the PIP2 as mandated by the
government, ANPIP will create the PIU as its sub-structure responsible for
implementing projects entrusted to it. The PIU is operated under the
authority of a General Director and is staffed with a small team of rural
development professionals and some support staff. The PIU will subcontract
the implementation of project activities to service providers (NGO,
consultants, etc.) who will manage most sub-components. This approach will
help build the capacity of the private providers used in the project and
allow the PIU to function with limited staffing at headquarters in Niamey
and in its regional branches. The key operations that will be directly
managed by the PIU are (i) the administrative and financial management of
the project; (ii) the building of capacity in the public sector through an
appropriate training program; and (iii) the processing of requests and
sub-projects to be proposed for Matching Grant financing and to be
approved by the oversight committee (CSO). The main subcontracts for each
project component are: (i) in component 1, development of water
collection, pumping and distribution technology; and support to
agriculture development (demonstrations, trials of new technologies,
assistance in completing investment documents, etc.); (ii) in component 2,
strengthening the capacity of ANPIP, farmers organization and advisory
services, and testing private management of selected ONAHA perimeters;
(iii) in component 3: strengthening the capacity of MCPEC and technical
supports to PDSFR; and (iv) in component 4: environmental protection
measures.At the central level, the PIU will be structured in three
departments (Capacity Building; Irrigation and Associated Activities
Financing; Operations), and three services (Communication;
Administration/Finances and Monitoring and Evaluation). PPIP's
Communication and Promotion Service will not exist as such anymore and
will become a support service in the area of communication. At the
decentralized level, five new branches will be added: Niamey (also serving
Tillabery), Maradi (covering Zinder), Diffa, Dosso, and Tahoua (including
Agadez). Branches will have an important role to play as they represent
the PIU in the field. As such they will be responsible for coordinating
and monitoring all project activities undertaken by service providers in
the area and assessing their impact. Branch management will need to be
thoroughly familiar with all aspects of project management and monitoring
and evaluation.
- 10 -



7. Sustainability
Profitability of irrigation technologies: The crux of the sustainability
of PIP2 and its pilot predecessor it its ability to convince farmers of
the financially profitability of the irrigation technologies in the long
run. The financial analysis described earlier strongly suggests that, once
farmers have made the required investment, the net returns do indeed
ensure that the pumps are maintained. Financial sustainability of ANPIP.
Given ANPIP's support base (small farmers) and the demands for the
monitoring and project management, it is unrealistic to think that the
membership will be able to support these activities without donor funding.
It is not, however, unrealistic to suppose that ANPIP could become at
least partially self-supporting through the collection of overhead from
projects that it manages. To be fully self-supporting would ultimately
require a leaner agency. While the ANPIP staff would have to be expanded
in the early stages of PIP2, it would be desirable to increasingly
transfer various project functions to the producer
organizations.Environmental sustainability: As indicated by the
Environmental Assessment, the positive impacts in PPIP concerning dune
stabilization, close protection of plots and several examples of gully
control suggests that its environmental protection component has
contributed positively to environmental sustainability. Similarly, PPIP
techniques proposed for PIP2 had, in many plots, helped avoid the harmful
effects of traditional water wells, including loss of cultivable land,
sanding up of sites, the creation of ponds conducive to the spread of
malaria and the use of wood to stabilize well walls. However, PIP2 will
have to carefully monitor aquifers, and to train beneficiaries in the
appropriate and safe use of agrochemicals. If successful, therefore, the
project is expected to have a positive effect on the long-term
sustainability of natural resources.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Lessons from the rural portfolioMuch of the completed project work in
rural development in Niger has been quite disappointing. Project Dosso
(Cr. 967) and Project Maradi II (Cr.1026), which closed in the mid-1980s,
were aimed at increasing crop production, encouraging farmer
participation, and building capacity at the local level. These projects
had serious implementation and disbursement problems and failed to improve
productivity and empower farmers. More recently, three operations closed
in 1998. The Agricultural Services Support Project (Cr.2355) aimed at
strengthening agricultural, livestock and environment protection extension
to farmers with a view to increase agricultural production and sustain
growth of farmers' incomes. Activities included reorganizing extension
services, regular training of officials at various levels, strengthening
ties between extension and research, linking crop, livestock, and
environmental services, and providing literacy and numeracy training. The
National Agricultural Research Project (Cr.2122) attempted to improve
national planning and implementation capacity in agricultural research.
This included on-farm adaptive research, multiplication and distribution
of improved seeds, and increased focus on soil and water management
technologies. The Small Rural Operations Project (Cr.1890) was a pilot
undertaken in the context of field-level developmental activities, such as
bottomland development, small irrigated schemes, fruit tree nurseries,
soil conservation, and water harvesting. Its goal was to develop local
capacity to prepare, appraise, execute, and evaluate small rural
operations (SROs) with the active participation of the local population,
- 11 -



as well as to provide complementary extension once SROs became
operational. Performance of these projects ranged from highly
unsatisfactory to limited success at best. However, they have produced
valuable lessons to consider in planning future work in Niger, including
PIP2:Sustainability of operations remains a key yet unresolved issue, and
is hindered by a "project mentality" of many government officials and even
farmers, whereby each project is expected to be followed by
another.Government lacks a clear framework, action plan, or time path for
decentralizing services or getting beneficiaries to take charge of
activities. While the government's long-term objective is desengagement,
this is not reflected either in the structure of the administrative
services or in terms of how these services deal with farmers or the civil
society. Institution building takes time. Capacity built as the result of
a project may not become evident for ten to fifteen years. Operations
designed to develop local capacity and a participatory culture may require
a long-term commitment before development impacts are evident.Monitoring
and evaluation systems have been extremely poor or nonexistent. It is
essential to define and phase project objectives by stating clearly at
appraisal the short, medium, and long-term objectives of the project and
related performance indicators. Such systems must be properly staffed and
be allocated timely and adequate resources for operation and
training.Decentralized financial management at the local community level
is central to successful implementation of bottom-up approaches to
development and for promoting a culture of financial discipline in
managing community funds. Communities and economic interest groups in
Niger have demonstrated a strong willingness and capacity to undertake
procurement and manage the activities that matter to them. Demonstrated
ownership and empowerment are key to effective participation of farmers in
small rural development operations. Training in farm management skills
such as entrepreneurship and risk management promotes financial
sustainability. Simplified operating procedures, legal protection, and
clarity with respect to benefits of the established financial mechanisms
are central to establishing ownership and credibility of such
mechanisms.Although public administration can be an effective catalyst in
fostering private entrepreneurial development and participatory grassroots
income-generating initiatives, it is generally less effective than a
private association of the beneficiaries.Based on these lessons, the
design of PIP2 will (i) rely heavily on private sector administration and
management to ensure that beneficiaries set priorities set priorities and
that central government bureaucracy and interference is minimized, (ii)
ensure extensive participation of stakeholders in project implementation,
(iii) provide sufficient resources for an effective monitoring and
evaluation system, and (iv) decentralize resources to the local
level.Lessons from the pilot phase (PPIP)PPIP has been quite successful,
consistently achieving successful ratings in terms of development
objectives and implementation progress. The following lessons are
extracted from supervision reports, the 1998 mid-term review, and the
recent draft implementation completion report (ICR) of the PPIP.Overall
project results are satisfactory and likely to be sustainable. The project
was also found to have a positive impact on institutional development in
Niger, and both the World Bank's and Borrower's performance have been
satisfactory.Project implementation has demonstrated the capacity of the
private sector to competently and effectively manage a development
operation financed out of public funds within the framework of a
convention agreed upon with the government. The quality of results
- 12 -



achieved by the NGO responsible for project implementation (ANPIP) shows
that Niger has the resources outside government to successfully organize
and manage complex rural development programs. Transferring implementation
of the project to a non-profit agency has assured regularity and
reliability of financial operations, transparency in administration,
effective execution of field activities, and attainment of most
objectives.The project has enabled ANPIP to broaden its membership and to
consolidate its presence in rural Niger. By successfully managing the
project and contributing to the improvement in productivity of the
irrigated perimeters, ANPIP has demonstrated its utility to farmers. PPIP
is now quite well know throughout Niger and is well-perceived by
beneficiaries.Irrigation is not only possible as a private sector activity
but in fact it is more profitable than traditional public schemes.The
experience from PPIP shows that in Niger, low cost mechanization of
private irrigation is an effective way to increase yields and incomes.
Investments in run-off water harvesting techniques also show high
productivity and profitability. However, high price variability,
dependence on unreliable traders, and general lack of knowledge of
marketing opportunities, constrains the profitability of commercial
production. Furthermore, the ability of farmers to take advantage of the
mechanized technologies is constrained by the small size of their
parcels.Increases in production brought by the introduction of new
technology require new initiatives beyond the scope of individual farmers.
These initiatives include the availability of agriculture credit required
to finance new technologies, input supply, availability of new storing
techniques to handle larger harvests, and a denser marketing network. With
simple technologies, the cost of irrigation can be reduced so that
investment is within reach of many poor farmers. Yet financial assistance
must be provided within a sustainable framework. Access to credit remains
a constraint to many potential beneficiaries, despite the low investment
costs for wells and manual pumps. The development of private irrigation
requires credit to finance investments as well seasonal credits for
working capital. The global experience in the creation and management of
village level savings and loans associations shows that it takes a long
time for these associations to achieve maturity and operate independently.
The process may take several years and requires technical support to the
functioning and loan monitoring. The recent development of the current
network of association still requires external support. The implementation
of appropriate financial arrangements and in particular the consolidation
of existing savings and loans associations and an extension of the network
to other regions is a prerequisite to expanding irrigation.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        An environmental assessment was completed, and
disclosed to the World Bank's Infoshop and in Niger in November 2001. The
goals of the environmental assessment were to identify the environmental
repercussions of PPIP activities, identify the potential environmental
impacts of the proposed PIP2 diversification activities, and draw up a
plan of action to minimize the environmental risks. Because PIP2 is a
category B project, the report does not constitute a formal environmental
impact assessment. Annex 12 summarizes the assessment of PIP2's potential
environmental impacts and mitigation strategies.The analytical impact
assessment procedure included (i) identification of impact source
- 13 -



activities and the environmental components likely to be affected by them;
(ii) determination of the environmental value and level of disturbance of
the physical, biological and human elements likely to be affected; (iii)
an assessment of the level of disturbance suffered by each component and
identification of the duration and extent of the effects generated by each
activity; (iv) an estimate of impact significance and preparation of a
summary impact assessment grid.Soil degradation: While soil degradation,
including salinization, alkalinization, structural deterioration and
leaching of nutrient elements, is usually by far the most serious problem
usually associated with irrigation, the studies carried out by INRAN on
soils in the PPIP zone revealed no environmental impact that would justify
a change in the project's content or strategy. On the contrary, the
positive impacts of dune stabilization, close protection of plots and
several examples of gully control confirmed the pertinence of many
activities in the project's environmental protection component.
Similarly, the techniques proposed for PIP2 had, in many plots, helped
avoid the harmful effects of traditional water wells, including loss of
cultivable land, sanding up of sites, the creation of ponds conducive to
the spread of malaria and the use of wood to stabilize well walls. No
major changes have been announced in the content of PIP2, and therefore no
negative repercussions on soils are anticipated as a result of the
proposed irrigation technologies.Overuse of water: The danger of overusing
alluvial tables and declines in the phreatic level are undeniably the most
worrying environmental aspects of PIP2. In areas where small irrigators
are likely to become concentrated in smaller spaces, or close to ponds,
the water resource potential from the ponds or alluvial tables in
particular raises a number of concerns related to physical and biological
resource sustainability.Agrochemicals: With regard to the impacts on the
human community, the report highlights some major deficiencies in the
marketing and use of agrochemicals in Niger. A number of factors have
combined to create a context conducive to negative impacts, including the
sale of prohibited and counterfeit products, inappropriate mixture
strengths, lack of training for farmers and so on.Results of the
Environmental Assessment are contained in Annex 12.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Daniel M. Sellen
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 473-2174
Fax:   (202) 473-5147
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
- 14 -



not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
March 8, 2002.
- 15 -



