Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3393 LSO
           (Lesotho Highlands Water Project (Phase 1A))
                              between
                        KINGDOM OF LESOTHO
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 16, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3393 LSO
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 16, 1991, between KINGDOM OF
LESOTHO (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Lesotho Highlands Development
Authority (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred and ten
million dollars ($110,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement and to undertake
the other obligations specified in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Con-
ditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble and
Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under this Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall make arrangements
satisfactory to the Bank for the carrying out of Part G of the
Project and shall ensure that such Part is carried out with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial and administrative practices and shall provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for such Part of the Project.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall include a sufficient amount
in the annual budget of its departments and institutions to fund its
share of Project costs including: (a) the cost of its JPTC dele-
gation and its share of the costs of the JPTC Secretariat; (b) the
cost of its share of the rehabilitation and maintenance of existing
roads and border crossing facilities affected by the Project; (c)
its share of the environmental, compensation and rural development
costs, in accordance with the Environmental Action Plan; and (d) its
share of LHDA's administration costs.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister at the time responsible for finance
of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 395
            Maseru 100
            Lesotho
Page  3
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINMIN                    4330 LO
                  Maseru
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        KINGDOM OF LESOTHO
                        By /s/ M. P. Phoofolo
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
