Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3623 RUS
                        PURNEFTEGAS Project
                             Agreement
                   (Oil Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                 PURNEFTEGAS PRODUCER ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 12, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3623 RUS
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 12, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PURNEFTEGAS
PRODUCER ASSOCIATION (Purneftegas).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Russian Federation (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to six
hundred ten million dollars ($610,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that Purneftegas agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank
as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Purneftegas, the equivalent of $158 million
of the proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement
will be relent to Purneftegas on the terms and conditions set forth
in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Purneftegas, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
Page  2
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. Purneftegas declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and oil field practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Part B
of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for Part
B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Purneftegas shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Purneftegas
Project Agreement and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. Purneftegas shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Purneftegas Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Purneftegas shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Purneftegas Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Purneftegas shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of
Part B of the project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Purneftegas Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Purneftegas shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by Purneftegas of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Purneftegas
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
             Management and Operations of Purneftegas
      Section 3.01. Purneftegas shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and oil field practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
     Section 3.02. Purneftegas shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
Page  3
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and oil field practices.
      Section 3.03. Purneftegas shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Purneftegas shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition and those in
respect of Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Purneftegas shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audited
                   and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Purneftegas shall not incur any debt, unless the net revenues of
Purneftegas for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of
such incurrence or for a later twelve-month period ended prior to
the date of such incurrence, whichever is the greater, shall be at
least 1.5 times the estimated maximum debt service requirements of
Purneftegas for any succeeding fiscal year on all debt of
Purneftegas, including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
                   Purneftegas.
            (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
            (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations adjusted to take
                         account of Purneftegas's prices in effect
                         at the time of the incurrence of debt even
                         though they were not in effect during the
                         twelve-month period to which such revenues
Page  4
                         relate and net non-operating income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations including administration,
                         adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                         in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                         for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                         charges and interest and other charges on
                         debt.
            (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
            (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section, it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Purneftegas thereunder shall terminate 12 years after the
date of this Agreement.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                          ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  5
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For Purneftegas:
            Gubkinsky,
            Purovsky Region
            Russian Federation
                                           Telex:
                                             735383 Garant
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Purneftegas, or by Purneftegas on behalf of
the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by
Director General or such other person or persons as Director General
shall designate in writing, and Purneftegas shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Moscow, Russian Federation, as
of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Ahmed Jehani
                                         Authorized Representative
                         PURNEFTEGAS PRODUCER ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Yuri Shafranik
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
Page  6
with those set forth in  Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign
currency components and the other to the local currency component of
the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in
bid evaluation.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Russian Federation
may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1, 2 and 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Technical oil field services and chemicals of highly
specialized nature may be procured under contracts awarded through
limited international bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation
and comparison of bids obtained from an acceptable list of qualified
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance with
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts with respect to all contracts, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 of the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist Purneftegas in carrying out Part B of the
Project, Purneftegas shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
