Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3747 PH
                              Project Agreement
               (Leyte - Luzon Geothermal Project - PNOC-EDC)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                        PHILIPPINE NATIONAL OIL COMPANY -
                         ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                            Dated September 12, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3747 PH
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated September 12, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the "Bank") and
PHILIPPINE NATIONAL OIL COMPANY - ENERGY DEVELOPMENT
CORPORATION ("PNOC-EDC").
    WHEREAS: (A) By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Philippine National Oil Company (the "Borrower") and
the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
fourteen million dollars ($114,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that PNOC-EDC agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
    WHEREAS: (B) By a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and PNOC-EDC, the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to
PNOC-EDC on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
    WHEREAS: (C) PNOC-EDC, in consideration of, inter alia, the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement.
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
    Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. PNOC-EDC declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall:
    (a) carry out the Project (i) with due diligence and
efficiency, (ii) in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and energy practices, and (iii) in
accordance with appropriate safety, health and environmental
standards acceptable to the Bank; and
    (b) provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
    Section 2.02.  Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.01 of this Agreement, PNOC-EDC shall:
    (a) Take all measures necessary to ensure that all persons
displaced as a result of the Project shall be resettled in
accordance with a resettlement plan acceptable to the Bank and
designed to improve the living standards of such persons; and
    (b) (i) Maintain operational procedures adequate to enable
it to monitor and evaluate, in accordance with indicators
acceptable to the Bank, the carrying out of the resettlement
plan referred to in paragraph (a) hereof; (ii) prepare and
furnish to the Bank not later than June 30 in each calendar
year during which resettlement activities are carried out, a
report, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
reasonably request, on the monitoring and evaluation activities
carried out pursuant to subparagraph (i) hereof, together with
any additional measures proposed to further the progress in the
carrying out of the resettlement plan referred to in paragraph
(a) hereof; and (iii) thereafter, promptly take all such
measures referred to in subparagraph (ii) hereof, taking into
account the comments of the Bank thereon.
    Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule
to this Agreement.
    Section 2.04.(a) PNOC-EDC shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
    (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, PNOC-EDC shall prepare, in accordance with
guidelines satisfactory to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank
for information not later than April 30, July 31, October 31
and January 31 of each Fiscal Year, a report on the progress of
the Project.
    Section 2.05. PNOC-EDC shall duly perform all its
Page  3
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, PNOC-EDC shall not take or concur
in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement
or any provision thereof.
    Section 2.06. (a) PNOC-EDC shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
    (b) PNOC-EDC shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by PNOC-EDC of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                   Management and Operations of PNOC-EDC
    Section 3.01. PNOC-EDC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and energy practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
    Section 3.02. PNOC-EDC shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property,
and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial and energy practices.
    Section 3.03. PNOC-EDC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
    Section 3.04. Except in the ordinary course of its business,
PNOC-EDC shall not, without the Bank's prior consent sell,
lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its property or
assets which are required for the efficient conduct of its
operations or the carrying out of the Project.
    Section 3.05.  PNOC-EDC shall promptly take all measures
necessary to: (a) maintain its corporate existence and right to
carry on its operations; and (b) acquire, maintain, renew and
otherwise exercise all rights, powers, privileges and
franchises required for the proper conduct of its operations
and carrying out of its obligations under this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) PNOC-EDC shall maintain records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
    (b) PNOC-EDC shall:
          (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                and expenses and related statements) and the
                records and accounts for the Special Account for
                each Fiscal Year audited, in accordance with
                appropriate auditing principles consistently
                applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                the Bank;
Page  4
         (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                any case not later than six (6) months after the
                end of each such year, (A) certified copies of
                its financial statements for such year as so
                audited and (B) the report of such audit by said
                auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
        (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                concerning said records, accounts and financial
                statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
    Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PNOC-EDC shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast
of the revenues and expenditures of PNOC-EDC shows that the
estimated net revenues of PNOC-EDC for each Fiscal Year during
the term of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.25
times the estimated debt service requirements of PNOC-EDC in
such year on all debt of PNOC-EDC including the debt to be
incurred.
    (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
                PNOC-EDC maturing by its terms more than one year
                after the date on which it is originally
                incurred.
         (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                providing for such debt or for the modification
                of its terms of payment on the date of such
                contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                providing for such guarantee has been entered
                into.
        (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                between:
                (A)    the sum of revenues from all sources
                       related to operations and net non-operating
                       income; and
                (B)    the sum of all expenses related to
                       operations including administration,
                       adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, but excluding provision for
                       depreciation, other non-cash operating
                       charges and interest and other charges on
                       debt.
         (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                difference between:
                (A)    revenues from all sources other than those
                       related to operations; and
                (B)    expenses, including taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                       of revenues in (A) above.
          (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                charges on, debt.
         (vi)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                prepared by PNOC-EDC not earlier than twelve
                months prior to the incurrence of the debt in
                question, which both the Bank and PNOC-EDC accept
Page  5
                as reasonable and as to which the Bank has
                notified PNOC-EDC of its acceptability, provided
                that no event has occurred since such
                notification which has, or may reasonably be
                expected in the future to have, a material
                adverse effect on the financial condition or
                future operating results of PNOC-EDC.
        (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                another currency, such valuation shall be made on
                the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                exchange acceptable to the Bank.
    Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PNOC-EDC shall not incur any debt, if after the incurrence of
such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall be greater than 70
to 30.
    (b)   For purposes of this Section:
          (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
                PNOC-EDC maturing by its terms more than one year
                after the date on which it is originally
                incurred.
         (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                providing for such debt or for the modification
                of its terms of payment on the date of such
                contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                providing for such guarantee has been entered
                into.
        (iii)   The term "equity" means the sum of the total
                unimpaired paid-up capital, retained earnings and
                reserves of PNOC-EDC not allocated to cover
                specific liabilities.
         (iv)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                another currency, such valuation shall be made on
                the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                exchange acceptable to the Bank.
    Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PNOC-EDC shall maintain a ratio of current assets to current
liabilities of not less than 1.0.
    (b)   Before November 30 in each Fiscal Year, PNOC-EDC shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by PNOC-EDC and satisfactory
to the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set
forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following Fiscal Year and shall furnish to the Bank the results
of such review upon its completion.
    (c)   If any such review shows that PNOC-EDC would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for the Fiscal
Years covered by such review, PNOC-EDC shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation, adjustments
of the structure or levels of its rates in order to meet such
Page  6
requirements.
    (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   The term "current assets" means cash, all assets
                which could in the ordinary course of business be
                converted into cash within twelve months,
                including accounts receivable, marketable
                securities, inventories and pre-paid expenses
                properly chargeable to operating expenses within
                the next Fiscal Year.
         (ii)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                liabilities which will become due and payable or
                could under circumstances then existing be called
                for payment within twelve months, including
                accounts payable, customer advances, debt service
                requirements, taxes and payments in lieu of
                taxes, and dividends.
        (iii)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                charges on, debt.
         (iv)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                at which such other currency is, at the time of
                such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                acceptable to the Bank.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
    Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PNOC-EDC thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify PNOC-EDC thereof.
    Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between
the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,
telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
    For the Bank:
Page  7
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                248423 (RCA),
                Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC),
                                          64145 (WUI) or
                                         197688 (TRT).
    For PNOC-EDC:
          Philippine National Oil Company
                Energy Development Corporation
          PNOC Complex
          Merrit Road
          Fort Bonifacio
          Metro Manila
          Philippines
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                PNOC-EDC                 22666
                Makati,                  EDC PH
                Metro Manila
    Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under
this Agreement on behalf of PNOC-EDC may be taken or executed
by its President or such other person or persons as the said
President shall designate in writing, and PNOC-EDC shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
    Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to
be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year
first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                   RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                             By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                             PHILIPPINE NATIONAL OIL COMPANY
                                   ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                             By /s/ Raul Ch. Rabe
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:      Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  8
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the "Guidelines").
    (a) For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide
that, when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will be
increased for each week of delay by two pre-disclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to
all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not
be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
    (b) In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, PNOC-EDC shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes
of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents
have been issued by the Bank, PNOC-EDC shall use bidding
documents based on other internationally recognized standard
forms agreed with the Bank.
2.  Bidders for goods and works estimated to cost the
equivalent of twenty million dollars ($20,000,000) or more per
contract shall be pre-qualified as provided in paragraph 2.10
of the Guidelines.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
the territory of the Guarantor may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1
through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
Limited International Bidding
1.  High-temperature equipment and materials required for
geothermal development estimated to cost the equivalent of two
million dollars ($2,000,000) or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of twelve million
dollars ($12,000,000), may be procured under contracts awarded
through limited international bidding procedures on the basis
of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from at least
three (3) qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and
in accordance with procedures set forth in Sections I and II of
the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56
thereof).
Local Competitive Bidding
2.  Works estimated to cost the equivalent of one million
dollars ($1,000,000) or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of ten million dollars
($10,000,000) may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of pre-qualification:
    With respect to the pre-qualification of bidders as provided
in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Page  9
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a) With respect to each contract for estimated to cost the
equivalent of three million dollars ($3,000,000) or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
    (b) With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
    (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.  The figure of fifteen percent (15%) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.     Employment of Consultants
    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded to consultants:  (a) whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Bank; and (b) who shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For
complex, time-based assignments, PNOC-EDC shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, PNOC-EDC shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
