Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2540-1 HO
                      Agreement Amending Development
                             Credit Agreement
                  (Agricultural Sector Adjustment Credit)
                                  between
                           REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated June 10, 1994
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2540-1 HO
                            AGREEMENT AMENDING
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 10, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF
HONDURAS (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Bank have entered into a
Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural Sector Adjustment
Credit) dated September 27, 1993 (the Development Credit
Agreement) for the purpose of assisting in the financing of the
program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the
Development Credit Agreement (the Program); and
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Bank to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development
Credit Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent
to twenty million eighty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
20,080,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance
to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
              Amendments of the Development Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by:
      (a)   deleting the amount "SDR 18,100,000" and substituting
therefor the amount "SDR 38,180,000" in paragraph (f) thereof;
      (b)   deleting the word "and" after paragraph (r) thereof;
      (c)   substituting the period at the end of paragraph (s)
thereof by a semi-colon and adding the word "and" after such
semi-colon; and
      (d)   adding the following new paragraph (t):
            "(t)  'Amending Agreement' means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural
      Sector Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association dated June 10, 1994.".
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Loan Agreement is
amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
      referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount
      in various currencies equivalent to sixty-three million
      three hundred eighty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
      63,380,000) (the Credit) which includes: (a) an original
      amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-three
      million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
      43,300,000); and (b) an additional amount in various
      currencies equivalent to twenty million eighty thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 20,080,000) (the Additional
      Financing).".
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Section
2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement to read as
follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on
      the Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty
      (60) days after the date of the Amending Agreement.".
      Section 1.04. Paragraphs 4 and 5 of Schedule 1 are hereby
amended by the deletion therefrom of the amounts "SDR
18,100,000" and "SDR 28,900,000", respectively, and the
substitution therefor of the amounts "SDR 38,180,000" and "SDR
48,980,000", respectively.
      Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end
of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "7.  After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on
      the order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Additional Financing.
      At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof.".
                                ARTICLE II
                        Effective Date; Termination
Page  3
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective
until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been
furnished to the Association that the execution and delivery of
this Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly
authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pur-
suant to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions
satisfactory to the Association of counsel acceptable to the
Association showing, on behalf of the Borrower that this
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed
and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally binding
upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Association dispatches to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into
force and effect by September 8, 1994, this Agreement and all
obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate, unless
the Association establishes a later date for the purposes of
this Section. If this Agreement shall terminate under the
provisions of this Section, the Development Credit Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect, as if this Agreement
had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Amending Agreement to be signed in their respective names in
the District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the
day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                  By /s/ Juan Ferrera Lopez
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
