Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2115 IN
             Development Credit Agreement
    (Hyderabad Water Supply and Sanitation Project)
                        between
                         INDIA
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated May 23, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2115 IN
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 23, 1990, between INDIA, acting
by its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower has also requested the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(the Bank) to provide additional assistance towards the
financing of the Project and by an agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank (the Loan
Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to provide such
assistance in an aggregate principal amount equivalent to
ten million dollars ($10,000,000) (the Loan);
     (C)  the Borrower and the Association intend, to the
extent practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit
provided for in this Agreement be disbursed on account of
expenditures in respect of the Project before
disbursements of the proceeds of the Loan provided for in
the Loan Agreement are made;
     (D)  the Project will be carried out by the State of
Andhra Pradesh and the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water
Supply and Sewerage Board with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to the State of Andhra Pradesh the proceeds of
the Credit as provided for in this Agreement and the
Page  2
proceeds of the Loan as provided for in the Loan
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, in the Andhra Pradesh Agreement of even date
herewith among the Association, the Bank and the State of
Andhra Pradesh, and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith among the Association, the Bank and the
Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Andhra Pradesh" means the State of Andhra
Pradesh, a State of India, acting by its Governor;
     (b)  "Andhra Pradesh Agreement" means the agreement
among the Association, the Bank and Andhra Pradesh of
even date herewith, as the same may be amended from time
to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Andhra Pradesh Agreement;
     (c)  "Board" means the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water
Supply and Sewerage Board established under the Hyderabad
Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Act, 1989;
     (d)  "Project Agreement" means the Agreement among
the Association, the Bank and the Board of even date
herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
     (e)  "Singur Dam" means the dam impounding a
reservoir on the Manjira River, approximately 60
kilometers west of Hyderabad, which reservoir will be the
source of the additional water to be provided to
Hyderabad under the Project;
     (f)  "DRP" means the Singur Dam Review Panel,
established by Order of the Government of Andhra Pradesh
No. 459 MA dated October 12, 1988;
     (g)  "Displaced Person" means any person, whether
land owning or landless, who would be, or has been,
involuntarily displaced from the usual place of residence
or work, or has lost a sufficient portion of land to
affect significantly his or her livelihood due to the
filling of the Singur Dam reservoir;
     (h)  "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even
date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the
Project, as such agreement may be amended from time to
time; and such term includes the "General Conditions
Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank,
Page  3
dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement, and
all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan
Agreement;
     (i)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between Andhra Pradesh and the Board
pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Andhra Pradesh Agreement,
as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
     (j)  "Operational Action Plan" means the Plan dated
October 6, 1989 agreed upon among the Association, the
Bank, Andhra Pradesh and the Board on actions to be taken
during the implementation of the Project as the same may
be updated from time to time; and
     (k)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty-three
million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
63,900,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31,
1998 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from a
date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter
pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June
30 in each year shall be applied as of the next payment
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
Page  4
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
January 15 and July 15 commencing July 15, 2000 and
ending January 15, 2025. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on January 15, 2010
shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall
be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal
amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
Page  5
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement,
shall cause Andhra Pradesh and the Board to perform in
accordance with the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh
Agreement and the Project Agreement all the respective
obligations of Andhra Pradesh and the Board therein set
forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable
Andhra Pradesh and the Board to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
would prevent or interfere with such performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the
Credit available to Andhra Pradesh in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental
assistance to the States of India.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of the Schedule to the Andhra
Pradesh Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of Part A of the Project shall be carried out by
the Board pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project
Agreement, and in respect of Part B of the Project shall
be carried out by Andhra Pradesh pursuant to Section 2.04
of the Andhra Pradesh Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower
shall:
       (i)     maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
      (ii)     ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Association has
               received the audit report for the
               financial year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made; and
     (iii)     enable the Association's representatives
               to examine such records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
       (i)     have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
Page  6
      (ii)     furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such financial year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals; and
     (iii)     furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records and
               accounts and the audit thereof as the
               Association shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall have the Special
Account for each financial year audited in accordance
with appropriate auditing principles consistently applied
by independent auditors acceptable to the Association and
furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
any case not later than six months after the end of each
year the report of such audit by said auditors, of such
scope and in such detail as the Association shall have
reasonably requested.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  Andhra Pradesh or the Board shall have failed
to perform any of its respective obligations under the
Andhra Pradesh Agreement or the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Development Credit Agreement, an
extraordinary situation shall have arisen which shall
make it improbable that Andhra Pradesh or the Board will
be able to perform its respective obligations under the
Andhra Pradesh Agreement or the Project Agreement.
     (c)  The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and
Sewerage Act, 1989, of Andhra Pradesh shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as
to affect materially and adversely the ability of the
Board to perform any of its obligations under the Project
Agreement.
     (d)  Andhra Pradesh or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of the Board or for the
suspension of its operations.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower and Andhra
Pradesh or the Board, as the case may be; and
Page  7
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of Andhra Pradesh and the Board; and
     (b)  all conditions precedent to the effectiveness
of the Loan Agreement shall have been fulfilled, other
than those related to the effectiveness of this
Agreement.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
     (a)  that the Andhra Pradesh Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by Andhra Pradesh, and is legally
binding upon Andhra Pradesh in accordance with its terms;
     (b)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Board, and is legally
binding upon the Board in accordance with its terms; and
     (c)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by Andhra Pradesh and the
Board and is legally binding upon Andhra Pradesh and the
Board in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.04. The provisions of paragraph (b) of
Section 5.02 of this Agreement shall cease and determine
on the date on which the Development Credit Agreement
shall terminate or on the date 20 years after the date of
this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                      ARTICLE VII
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary,
Joint Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under
Secretary in the Department of Economic Affairs of the
Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          The Secretary to the Government
            of India
          Ministry of Finance
          Department of Economic Affairs
          New Delhi, India
Page  8
          Cable address:           Telex:
          ECOFAIRS                      953-3166175
          New Delhi
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
          INDEVAS                       197688 (TRT)
          Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INDIA
               By /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE I
Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of
the Loan, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit and
of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each
Category:
                  Amount        Amount
                  of the        of the
                  Credit         Loan         % of
                 Allocated     Allocated    Expendi-
                (Expressed    (Expressed     tures
                  in SDR       in Dollar     to be
   Category     Equivalent)   Equivalent)   Financed
(1) Civil works 32,400,000    10,000,000   61%
(2) Equipment   19,600,000         -       100% of
    and materials                          foreign ex-
                                           penditures,
                                           100% of local
                                           expenditures
                                           (ex-factory
                                           cost) and
Page  9
                                           65% of local
                                           expenditures
                                           for other
                                           items pro-
                                           cured locally
(3) Water treat- 1,500,000         -       80%
    ment plant
(4) Rehabilita-   600,000          -       80%
    tion services
(5) Consultants' 2,300,000         -       100%
    services
(6) Training     1,100,000         -       100%
(7) Unallocated  6,400,000         -
     TOTAL      63,900,000    10,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR
2,400,000, may be made in respect of Categories (1), (2)
and (5) on account of payments made for expenditures
before that date but after December 31, 1988; and
     (b)  expenditures under Category (6) until a
training action plan for carrying out Part A (v) (d) as
approved by the Association has been formally adopted by
the Board.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to help Andhra
Pradesh in improving, for Hyderabad, the adequacy and
reliability of the water supply, the collection,
treatment and disposal of waste water and the provision
of excreta disposal facilities; and in strengthening the
management and technical capacity of the concerned
institutions and in the preparation of future urban and
water supply and sanitation projects in Andhra Pradesh.
     The Project consists of the following Parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   The Board
  (i)     Manjira Phase III Stage 2
Page  10
          The provision of an additional 135 million
          liters per day of treated water from the
          Singur dam through the construction and
          commissioning of works including a
          transmission main, a water treatment plant,
          clear water storage, pumping, distribution
          reservoirs and the installation of bulk flow
          meters.
 (ii)     Rehabilitation and Strengthening of the
          Existing Water System
          The rehabilitation and strengthening of the
          existing water system including the
          construction of distribution reservoirs and
          the rehabilitation of existing reservoirs,
          various trunk distribution mains, the
          replacement of leaking transmission mains
          including the main at Ramachandrapuram, the
          rehabilitation of four existing water
          treatment plants and existing pumping stations
          and the construction of new pumping stations,
          the rehabilitation and strengthening of the
          existing distribution system by the twinning
          or replacement or repair of existing
          distribution mains and service connections and
          meters, the provision of bulk flow meters and
          related equipment to improve system operation
          and management, the construction of office
          space and the provision of equipment for leak
          detection.
(iii)     Rehabilitation and Strengthening of the
          Sewerage System
          The implementation of a program to connect
          sanitary building drains to the sewerage
          system, the construction of branch and trunk
          sewers, pumping stations and pumping mains,
          the construction and commissioning of sewage
          treatment facilities including the provision
          of power supply, laboratory facilities and
          maintenance equipment for said system.
 (iv)     Low Cost Sanitation
          The construction of about 20,000 pour-flush
          water-seal or equivalent low cost household
          latrines.
          (v)  Technical Assistance and Training
               (a)  Water Supply and Sewerage
                    The carrying out of surveys and
                    infrastructure mapping, and studies
                    for unaccounted water management,
                    preparation of final design of works
                    to be carried out under Part A (ii)
                    of the Project, and preparation of
                    operation and maintenance manuals
                    for the water supply and sewerage
                    systems; and the carrying out of
                    sewer condition assessment studies
                    and the preparation of final design
                    of works to be carried out under
                    Part A (iii) of the Project.
               (b)  Future Projects
                    The carrying out of studies for the
                    preparation of future projects in
                    the water supply and sewerage
Page  11
                    sector.
               (c)  Management and Financial Systems
                    Development of accounting and
                    management information systems,
                    project planning and control
                    systems, improved water billing and
                    collection system, and materials
                    management and stores inventory
                    systems, and the implementation of
                    said systems, including personnel
                    training.
               (d)  Training
                    The implementation of a personnel
                    training plan.
Part B:   Andhra Pradesh
  (i)     Resettlement
          The preparation and carrying out of a
          resettlement and rehabilitation program for
          the Displaced Persons.
 (ii)     DRP
          The establishment of DRP.
                   *    *    *    *
     The Project is expected to be completed by October
31, 1997.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit or the Loan allocated
from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $6,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
Page  12
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account or the Loan Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)(i)    For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
      (ii)     Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account or the
               Loan Account and deposit into the Special
               Account such amount as the Borrower shall
               have requested and as shall have been
               shown by said documents and other
               evidence to have been made out of the
               Special Account for eligible
               expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account or the Loan Account under the
respective eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement or from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions Applicable to the Loan Agreement or Section
2.02 of the Loan Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
or the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered
into by the Association or the Bank pursuant to Section
5.02 of the respective General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account and the
Loan Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
Page  13
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association or the Bank) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower
has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association or
the Bank such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association or the Bank all or
any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association or the Bank made
pursuant to paragraph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule
shall be credited to the Credit Account or the Loan
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement
and the Loan Agreement, including the General Conditions
applicable thereto.
