Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2115 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3181 IN
               Andhra Pradesh Agreement
    (Hyderabad Water Supply and Sanitation Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                  Dated May 23, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2115 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3181 IN
               ANDHRA PRADESH AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 23, 1990, among INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association), INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank),  and
STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH, acting by its Governor (Andhra
Pradesh).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India, acting by its President
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to sixty-three million nine
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 63,900,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Andhra
Pradesh agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to ten million dollars
($10,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Andhra
Page  2
Pradesh agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (C)  the proceeds of the Credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement and of the Loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will be made available by
the Borrower to Andhra Pradesh in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental
assistance to the States of India; and
     WHEREAS Andhra Pradesh, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower and the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined in
the Development Credit Agreement and in the Loan
Agreement, respectively) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) Andhra Pradesh declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and engineering
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for Part B of the Project.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement; (i) Andhra
Pradesh shall cause the Board to perform in accordance
with the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of the Board therein set forth, shall take or
cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable the Board to perform
such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be
taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance; and (ii) except as the Association, the
Bank, Andhra Pradesh and the Board shall otherwise agree,
the Project shall be carried out substantially in
accordance with the Operational Action Plan, as such Plan
shall be updated from time to time in agreement with the
Association and the Bank.
     Section 2.02. (a) Andhra Pradesh shall make
available to the Board funds required by the Board to
carry out Parts A (i), (ii) and (iii) of the Project,
including the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan made
available by the Borrower to Andhra Pradesh, under a
subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
Andhra Pradesh and the Board, under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Association and the
Bank, which shall, except as the Association and the Bank
may otherwise agree, include interest rate of not less
Page  3
than 10-1/4% per annum on the principal amount so relent
and withdrawn by the Board and outstanding from time to
time, and repayment over a period of twenty-five years,
including therein a period of grace of five years.
     (b)  Andhra Pradesh shall make available to the
Board, as a grant, funds required by the Board, including
the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan to carry out
low-cost sanitation, technical assistance, and the
training components, under Part A (iv) and (v) of the
Project.
     Section 2.03. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule
to this Agreement.
     Section 2.04. Andhra Pradesh shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Andhra Pradesh Agreement
and Part B of the Project.
     Section 2.05. Andhra Pradesh shall duly perform all
its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Association and the Bank shall otherwise
agree, Andhra Pradesh shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.06. (a) Andhra Pradesh shall, at the
request of the Association or the Bank, exchange views
with the Association and the Bank with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit and the Loan.
     (b)  Andhra Pradesh shall promptly inform the
Association and the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit and the Loan, or the performance by Andhra Pradesh
of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.07. Andhra Pradesh shall:
     (a)  carry out the agreed resettlement and
rehabilitation program under Part B of the Project in
accordance with a three year timetable satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank;
     (b)  monitor all activities in the carrying out of
said program through the Collector, District Medak;
     (c)  continue to employ consultants acceptable to
the Association and the Bank, to undertake supplementary
monitoring of, and evaluation of, the implementation of
said program; and
     (d)  promptly revise, as necessary, said program on
the basis of monitoring and evaluation reports in
consultation with the Association and the Bank.
Page  4
     Section 2.08. Andhra Pradesh shall:
     (a)  ensure the safety of the Singur Dam by
maintaining the DRP until the construction of the Singur
Dam, including remedial work, is completed and the Singur
Dam is ready for operation and maintenance by the
appropriate authorities; and
     (b)  thereafter ensure regular inspection and
evaluation of the Singur Dam in accordance with sound
engineering practices.
     Section 2.09. Andhra Pradesh shall operate the
Singur Dam in accordance with the operating rules
approved by the Association and the Bank.
     Section 2.10. Andhra Pradesh shall remit to the
Board the arrears in payments in respect of the standpost
charges due from the Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to
the Board, in five equal annual installments, the first
installment to be remitted not later than June 30, 1990.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) Andhra Pradesh shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices its operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of Part B of the Project.
     (b)  Andhra Pradesh shall:
          (i)  have its records and accounts relating to
               Part B of the Project for each financial
               year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association
               and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association and the Bank
               as soon as available, but in any case not
               later than nine months after the end of
               each such year: (A) certified copies of
               its records and accounts relating to Part
               B of the Project for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association or the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association and the
                    Bank such other information
                    concerning said records and accounts
                    as well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Association or the Bank shall from
                    time to time reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and the Bank and of Andhra Pradesh
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
Page  5
following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement and the Loan Agreement shall
               have terminated in accordance with their
               terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association and the Bank shall promptly notify Andhra
Pradesh of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
            and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     For Andhra Pradesh:
          Secretary to the Government of
Page  6
               Andhra Pradesh
          Department of Housing
          Municipal Administration and Urban Development
          Secretariat
          Hyderabad 500022, Andhra Pradesh, India
          Cable address:
               MUNURDEV
               Hyderabad, India
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Andhra
Pradesh may be taken or executed by a Secretary to the
Government of Andhra Pradesh or such other person or
persons as Andhra Pradesh shall designate in writing, and
Andhra Pradesh shall furnish to the Association and the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to Andhra Pradesh and so long as
the Development Credit Agreement shall not have
terminated prior to the termination of the Loan
Agreement:
     (a)  the obligations of Andhra Pradesh to consult
with, and to furnish information, documents, plans,
reports, records and statements to, the Bank shall be
satisfied to the extent performance in respect of such
obligations is rendered to the Association;
     (b)  the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, Andhra Pradesh shall be
satisfied to the extent such obligations are fulfilled by
the Association; and
     (c)  all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
     Section 5.04. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                 AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
Page  7
               By /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
2.   Contract for the Peddapur Water Treatment Plant
shall be procured on the basis of turnkey and bidders
shall be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of
the Guidelines.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in India may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for equipment and materials estimated to
cost the equivalent of $200,000 each or less up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $3,000,000, may be
procured on the basis of competitive bidding advertised
locally in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
2.   Small items up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
the equivalent of $1,500,000 may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
Association.
3.   Contracts for civil works may be procured on the
basis of competitive bidding advertised locally in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank, provided, however, that the
construction of irrigation bore wells and other small
works, up to an aggregate of $4,000,000 equivalent, may
be carried out by force account.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of prequalification:
     With respect to the prequalification of bidders the
procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
2.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for civil works
and equipment and materials estimated to cost the
Page  8
equivalent of $1,000,000 and $200,000 or more,
respectively, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association and the Bank
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association and the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association or the Bank has authorized withdrawals from
the Credit Account or the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be
retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the
Development Credit Agreement.
3.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Board and Andhra Pradesh in
the carrying out of Parts A and B of the Project,
respectively, Andhra Pradesh and the Board shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
