Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2115 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3181 IN
                   Project Agreement
    (Hyderabad Water Supply and Sanitation Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
HYDERABAD METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY AND SEWERAGE BOARD
                  Dated May 23, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2115 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3181 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 23, 1990, among INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association), INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCT-ION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank), and
HYDERABAD METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY AND SEWERAGE BOARD
(the Board).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India, acting by its President
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to sixty-three million nine
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 63,900,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that the Board
agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
Page  2
currencies equivalent to ten million dollars
($10,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Andhra
Pradesh agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (C)  the proceeds of the Credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement and of the Loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will be made available by
the Borrower to the State of Andhra Pradesh (Andhra
Pradesh) in accordance with the Borrower's standard
arrangements for developmental assistance to the States
of India;
     (D)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between Andhra Pradesh and the Board, part of the
proceeds of the Credit provided for under the Development
Credit Agreement and part of the proceeds of the Loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made
available to the Board on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Board, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower and the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined in
the Development Credit Agreement and in the Loan
Agreement, respectively) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) The Board declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out Part A of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association, the Bank, Andhra Pradesh and the Board shall
otherwise agree, the Project shall be carried out
substantially in accordance with the Operational Action
Plan, as such Plan shall be updated from time to time in
agreement with the Association and the Bank.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule
to the Andhra Pradesh Agreement.
Page  3
     Section 2.03. The Board shall carry out or cause to
be carried out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
and in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions applicable to the Loan Agreement
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and Part A of the Project.
     Section 2.04. The Board shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Association and the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Board shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Board shall, at the request of
the Association or the Bank, exchange views with the
Association and the Bank with regard to the progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit
and the Loan.
     (b)  The Board shall promptly inform the Association
and the Bank of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit and the
Loan, or the performance by the Board of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
        Management and Operations of the Board
     Section 3.01. The Board shall carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with
sound administrative, financial and public utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. The Board shall at all times operate
and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices.
     Section 3.03. The Board shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. The Board shall, until completion of
the Project, maintain a Project Cell staffed and
organized in a manner satisfactory to the Association and
the Bank.
     Section 3.05. The Board shall, by May 31, 1990,
establish and staff, and thereafter maintain, an
organization under its Director of Finance for budgeting,
accounting and financial analysis, in a manner
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Board shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  The Board shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each financial year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association and the Bank
               as soon as available, but in any case not
               later than nine months after the end of
               each such year: (A) certified copies of
               its financial statements for such year as
               so audited, and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association and the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association and the
                    Bank such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts
                    and financial statements as well as
                    the audit thereof, as the
                    Association and the Bank shall from
                    time to time reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association and the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Board shall, with effect
from its financial year commencing April 1, 1990 take all
such measures (including, without limitation, adjustments
of the structure of levels of its tariffs) as shall be
required to produce gross revenues from all sources
equivalent to not less than the total operating expenses
of the Board plus debt-service requirements in excess of
provision for depreciation.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "gross revenues from all
               sources" means the sum of revenues from
               all sources related to the Board's
               operations, net non-operating income and
               any reductions in non-cash working
               capital;
          (ii) The term "total operating expenses" means
               the sum of all expenses related to the
               Board's operations, including maintenance
               and administration (excluding
               depreciation and other non-cash operating
               charges) interest and other charges on
               debt (excluding interest financed under a
               loan contract), repayment of loans
               (including sinking fund payments, if
               any), all taxes or payments in lieu of
               taxes, and any other cash outflows other
               than capital expenditures related to the
               Board's operations;
          (iii)     The term "debt-service requirement"
                    means the aggregate amount of
                    amortization (including sinking fund
Page  5
                    payments, if any) of, and interest
                    and other charges on, debt;
          (iv) The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               the Board maturing by its terms more than
               one year after the date on which it is
               originally incurred;
          (v)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment, on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into, but only to the
               extent that the guaranteed debt shall be
               outstanding; and
          (vi) Whenever for the purposes of this Section
               it shall be necessary to value, in terms
               of the currency of the Borrower, debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Association and the Bank.
     Section 4.03. The Board shall, not later than
September 30, 1990, establish and, thereafter, levy a
sewerage service charge as a surcharge of not less than
twenty percent on charges for water service, to be
payable by all water consumers who are served by a
private water connection and whose property abuts a
street at a point along its length at which a public
sanitary sewer is provided.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and the Bank and of the Board
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement and the Loan Agreement shall
               have terminated in accordance with their
               terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association and the Bank shall promptly notify the Board
of this event.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
Page  6
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
               and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     For the Board:
          Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply
           and Sewerage Board
          Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
          India
                                        Telex:
                                             953 425-6325
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the Board may
be taken or executed by its Managing Director or such
other person or persons as the Board shall designate in
writing, and the Board shall furnish to the Association
and the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. As long as the Bank has not given
Page  7
notice to the contrary to the Board and so long as the
Development Credit Agreement shall not have terminated
prior to the termination of the Loan Agreement:
     (a)  the obligations of the Board to consult with,
and to furnish information, documents, plans, reports,
records and statements to, the Bank shall be satisfied to
the extent performance in respect of such obligations is
rendered to the Association;
     (b)  the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, the Board shall be
satisfied to the extent such obligations are fulfilled by
the Association; and
     (c)  all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
     Section 6.04. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               HYDERABAD METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY
                    AND SEWERAGE BOARD
               By /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
