Page  1
                                                CONFORMED COPY
                                           LOAN NUMBER 3191 HU
                 CCB Project Agreement
       (Financial System Modernization Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
            COMMERCIAL AND CREDIT BANK LTD.
                  Dated June 1, 1990
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3191 HU
                       CCB PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 1, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and COMMERCIAL AND CREDIT BANK LTD. (the
Participating Bank).
     WHEREAS  (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between National Bank of Hungary (the Borrower)
and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to  sixty-six million dollars ($66,000,000), on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only
on condition that the Participating Bank agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
Page  2
forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and the Participating Bank (the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement), part of the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made
available to the Participating Bank on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS the Participating Bank, in consideration of
the   Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires,  the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions  (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
   Execution of the Participating Bank's Activities
              under Part C of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) The Participating Bank declares
its commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,  and,  to this
end, shall carry out its activities under Part C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate technical, administrative,
financial and economic practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
purpose.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Bank and
the Participating Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Participating Bank shall carry out its activities under
Part C of the Project in accordance with the
implementation program set forth in the  Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  (a) In order to assist the
Participating Bank in carrying out its activities under
Part C of the Project, the Participating Bank shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms of reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods,  works and consultants'
services required for the carrying out by the
Participating Bank of its activities under Part C of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to
the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Participating Bank shall carry
out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services,  plans  and
Page  3
schedules,  records and reports,  and maintenance,
respectively) in respect of this Agreement and its
activities under Part C of the Project.
     Section 2.04. The Participating Bank shall duly
perform all its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Participating Bank shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Participating Bank shall,
at the request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank
with regard to progress of its activities under Part C of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of Part C of
the Project.
     (b)  The participating Bank shall promptly inform
the Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens
to interfere with the progress of its activities under
Part C of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of Loan, or the performance by the Participating Bank of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01.  (a) The Participating Bank shall
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations
and financial condition.
     (b)  The Participating Bank shall:
     (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
          statements (balance sheets, statements of
          income and expenses and related statements)
          for each fiscal year, commencing with its
          fiscal year ending December 31, 1989,
          audited,  under  terms  of  reference
          satisfactory to the Bank and in accordance
          with appropriate auditing principles
          consistently applied, by independent auditors
          acceptable to the Bank,
     (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
          in any case not later than five months after
          the end of each such year:  (A)  certified
          copies of its financial statements for such
          year as so audited; and (B) the report of such
          audit by said auditors of such scope and in
          such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
          requested; and
    (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
          information concerning said records,
          accounts and financial statements as well
          as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall
          from time to time reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Effective Date; Termination;
                  Cancellation and Suspension
Page  4
    Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan and Guarantee
Agreements become effective.
    Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of the Participating Bank thereunder shall
terminate on the date on which the Loan and Guarantee
Agreements shall terminate in accordance with their
respective terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify the
Participating Bank thereof.
    Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
               Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                     197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
     For the Participating Bank:
          Commercial and Credit Bank
               Arany Janos Utca 24
               H-1851 Budapest
               Republic of Hungary
                                        Telex:
                                             223200
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the
Participating Bank, may be taken or executed by its chief
executive officer or such other person or persons as the
Participating Bank shall designate in writing, and the
Participating Bank shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
    Section 5.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts,  each of which shall be an
Page  5
original, and all collectively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America,  as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/  Eugenio F. Lari
                                   Acting Regional Vice President
                             Europe, Middle East and North Africa
               COMMERCIAL AND CREDIT BANK LTD.
               By /s/ Miklos Pulai
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
                Implementation Program
1.   The Participating Bank shall:  (a) carry out its
activities under Part C of the Project to strengthen its
organization, management and operations in accordance
with an action program satisfactory to the Bank; and (b)
maintain at all times a task force satisfactory to the
Bank,  to coordinate and monitor the carrying out of said
action program.
2.   In order to strengthen its financial structure under
Part C of the Project, the Participating Bank shall:
    (a)  develop, on the basis of guidelines satisfactory
to the Bank, and adopt, not later than December 31, 1990
an action plan to progress towards restoring a sound
financial structure in accordance with prudent loan
classification and provisioning criteria; and
    (b)  carry out such action plan with due diligence
and efficiency.
