Page  1
CONFORMED COPY
                                       LOAN NUMBER 3191 HU
                  Guarantee Agreement
       (Financial System Modernization Project)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated June 1, 1990
                                          LOAN NUMBER 3191 HU
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 1, l990, between REPUBLIC OF
HUNGARY (the  Guarantor)  and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the National Bank
of Hungary (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed
to extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to sixty-six million dollars ($66,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor
agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other
Page  2
obligations as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into ,he Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations
of the Borrower;
   NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable
to Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise
requires,  the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective Meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this
end, without limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not
as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction
upon the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement,
the Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there
is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available
to the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project,  to make arrangements,  satisfactory to
the Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed
to meet such expenditures.
                      ARTICLE III
          Execution of Part A of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out or
cause to be carried out Part A of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the purpose.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Guarantor and the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall carry out Part A of the Project in
Page  3
accordance with an implementation program set forth in
the Schedule to this Agreement.
     Section 3.02. In order to assist the Guarantor in
carrying out Part A of the Project, the Guarantor shall
employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms of reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the consultants' services
required for Part A of the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by
the provisions of Section II of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.05,  9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions  (relating to use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, and maintenance, respectively) in respect of
Part A of the Project.
                      ARTICLE IV
                    Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect
of Part A of the Project of the departments, agencies
and institutes of the Guarantor responsible for the
carrying out thereof.
     (b) The Guarantor shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred
               to in paragraph (a) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as
               available, but in any case not later
               than five months after the end of each
               such year:  (A) certified copies of said
               accounts for such year as so audited;
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors,  of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested.
     Section 4.02. The Guarantor shall take all action
required on its part to: (i) establish rates for
housing bonds, and authorize NSB promptly as required
to charge interest on housing loans at rates, both
adequate to enable NSB to comply with its obligations
set forth in Section 3.02 of the NSB Project Agreement;
and (ii) enable NSB to reconstitute itself as a joint
stock company in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.03 of the NSB Project Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
      Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 5.01.  The First Deputy President or the
General Manager of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes  of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  4
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          National Bank of Hungary
               Department for International
                 Development Institutions
          H-1850 Budapest
          Szabadsag ter 8-9
               Republic of Hungary
          Cable address:                Telex:
               BANKO                    227267 SMAFU-H,
               Budapest                 225755 BANKO-H or
                                        227029 BANKO-H
          For the Bank:
          International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT),
                Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA),
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                    By /s/  Gyorgy Naszvadi
                                   Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/  Eugenio F. Lari
                              Acting Regional Vice President
                        Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                       SCHEDULE
              Implementation Program for
                 Part A of the Project
 In carrying out Part A of the Project, the Guarantor
shall:
1.   prepare, on the basis of guidelines agreed between
the Guarantor and the Bank a proposed reguLatory
framework for banking operations and submit said
Page  5
framework, not later than December 31, 199O, to its
legislative assembly for adoption;
2.   (a) carry out, through its State Bank Supervisory
Agency, a detailed portfolio audit of each of BB, CCB
and HCB, in accordance with appropriate auditing
principles,  consistently applied and furnish to the
Bank upon their completion the results and
recommendations of said audits; (b) develop, on the
basis of said results and recommendations and
guidelines agreed between the Guarantor and the Bank,
and furnish to the Bank a proposed action program,
including implementation schedule,  designed to enable
each of BB, CCB and HCB to achieve an adequate capital
structure consistent with the regulatory framework
prepared in accordance with the provisions  of
paragraph  1  of this  Schedule;  and (c)  taking into
account the Bank's  comments on said action program,
adopt, not later than December 31, 1990, and thereafter
take all action required on its part to implement, said
action program in accordance with said implementation
schedule; and
3.   prepare, on the basis of guidelines satisfactory
to the Bank, proposed accounting and auditing standards
and a regulatory framework for the application of said
standards, and submit said standards and framework not
later than September 30, 1990, to its legislative
assembly for adoption.
