Page  1
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1839 ZR
             Development Credit Agreement
      (Higher Education Rationalization Project)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 Dated August 25, 1987
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1839 ZR
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 25, 1987, between the
REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project, described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions), constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
Page  2
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Department" means the ministry of the Borrower
responsible for higher education;
     (b)  "Project Unit" means the unit referred to in
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
     (d)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters, dated March
13, 1987 and May 4, 1987, between the Borrower and the
Association.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eight million five hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 8,500,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of this Section and of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association
shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1993, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge at the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time. The
commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty days
after the date of this Agreement to the respective dates
on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from
the Credit Account or shall be cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
Page  3
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may, from time to time, be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each May
15 and November 15, commencing November 15, 1997, and
ending May 15, 2027. Each installment to and including
the installment payable on May 15, 2007, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such
principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceed $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five
consecutive years and (ii) the Bank shall consider the
Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association
may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by the
Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, any time after modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower is economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the Schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project through the Department with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate financial, administrative, economic,
technical and educational practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
Page  4
other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and, except as the Borrower
and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     (c)  For the administration and coordination of the
Project, the Borrower shall establish in the Department
a Project Unit, comprising a Project Director, a Project
Coordinator, an Accountant and appropriate support staff.
     (d)  Pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, the
Borrower shall establish in a commercial bank a Project
Fund to be used exclusively by the Project Unit to cover
expenditures for the Project not financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit and shall make an initial deposit
therein of the equivalent of $20,000 and further deposits
equivalent to at- least $45,000 at the beginning of each
following calendar quarter.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall exchange views with
the Association on its three-year rolling public
expenditure program for the educational sub-sectors at
least once each year during the carrying out of the
Project.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall exchange views with
the Association on its long-term strategy for the
development of higher education prior to its final
adoption; enrollments in higher education shall be
contained to a growth rate agreed with the Association
until such strategy is adopted.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall ensure that, on the
basis of its three-year rolling program for public
expenditures in the sector, adequate amounts be budgeted
annually for higher education, and that the amounts so
budgeted be made promptly and regularly available to
cover expenditures.
     Section 3.06. During the carrying out of the
Project, the Borrower shall continue its policy of not
subsidizing the lodging, meals and transportation of
students in higher education.
     Section 3.07. (a) The Borrower shall ensure that the
Project Unit furnish to the Association annual work
programs, and that each such program set out detailed
proposals for carrying out the Project in the period to
which it relates and contain such other information as
shall be satisfactory to the Association.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, after review of each such
workprogram, cause the Project Unit to make such
revisions to such work plan as may be appropriate and,
except as the Association shall otherwise agree, cause
the Project to be carried out in the year in question on
the basis of such work program, as it may be so revised.
     Section 3.08. The Borrower shall establish a
Management Committee and a Studies Steering Committee
with such composition and terms of reference as shall be
Page  5
agreed by the Association.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any
part thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account,
               audited for each fiscal year, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall,
               from time to time, reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               completion of the audit for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account or payment out of the
               Special Account was made, all records
               (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
               receipts and other documents) evidencing
               such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section, and
               that the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
Page  6
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Project Fund referred to in Section 3.01
(d) of this Agreement has been established, and the
initial deposit of $20,000 equivalent has been made
therein;
     (b)  the Project Unit referred to in Section 3.01
(c) of this Agreement has been established and staffed;
and
     (c)  the Management Committee and the Studies
Steering Committee referred to in Section 3.08 of this
Agreement have been established.
     Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. The Commissioner of State of the
Borrower responsible for finance is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Departement des Finances
          Boite Postale No. 12997
          Kinshasa 1
          Republic of Zaire
          Cable address:           Telex:
               DENFIN                   21161 KIN GOMBE
               Kinshasa
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                         64145 (WUI)
                                         89650 (WUT) or
                                        197677 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
Page  7
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
               By /s/ Ludunge K.C. Mwanie
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Paul Isenman
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Consultant's,       2,600,000       100% of foreign
    specialist's                        expenditures and
    and expert's                        80% of local
    services                            expenditures or,
                                        for personnel
                                        recruited
                                        locally, 95% of
                                        local expendi-
                                        tures
(2) Vehicles and        1,100,000       100% of foreign
    equipment                           expenditures and
                                        80% of local
                                        expenditures
(3) Textbooks           1,100,000       100% of foreign
                                        expenditures and
                                        80% of local
                                        expenditures
(4) Training and        1,800,000       100% of foreign
    fellowships                         expenditures
    except under                        and 80% of local
    Part II A.2 of                      expenditures
    the Project
(5) Operating costs       700,000       100% of foreign
    of Project Unit,                    expenditures and
    including salaries                  80% of local
                                        expenditures
(6) Refunding of          300,000       Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                    suant to Section
    tion Advance                        2.02 (c) of this
Page  8
                                        Agreement
(7) Unallocated           900,000
   TOTAL                8,500,000
2.   If the amount allocated to Category (6) above is in
excess of the amount due, the balance will be reallocated
to Category (7).
3.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of expenditures
made prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to strengthen the
management and administration of the higher education
sector of the Borrower, improve academic performance,
develop a comprehensive and coherent strategy for the
educational sector, and alleviate shortages in textbooks
and teaching materials.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon, from time to time, to achieve
such objectives:
PART I:   Management and Administration
A.   Auxiliary Services and Logistics Management
     1.   Analysis of teaching load and student/teacher
          ratio, establishment of norms and deployment
          of staff accordingly.
     2.   Analysis of administrative staffing,
          establishment of functions and norms and
          deployment of staff accordingly.
     3.   Imp roved organization of the maintenance
          services for the Intendance General and
          auxiliary services for the establishments, and
          training of about 50 maintenance technicians;
          about 20 staff will be trained abroad as
          maintenance technician trainers and returned
          to assist with training of the maintenance
          trainees.
     4.   Upgrading the educational statistics services
          through the training at home in short one-
          month courses of about 90 personnel
          responsible for handling statistics (45 in the
          establishments and 45 in the Department);
          training abroad in a one-year course in
          educational planning and statistics of two
          selected persons.
Page  9
B.   Development of University Research
     1.   Study-visits abroad for about 10 top
          administrators of Universities and Institutes.
     2.   Training i-n Zaire of 20 trainers in
          educational management, including budgeting,
          personnel management and academic management.
          These trainers will in turn train in short
          courses about 300 managers and 250 support
          staff, mainly for the educational
          establishments.
C.   Financing and Cost-recovery
     1.   Analysis and proposals concerning potential
          sources of complementary financing, especially
          regarding the private sector, enterprises, the
          "Open University" idea, student loans and
          introduction of pilot evening courses in the
          three Universities of Kinshasa, Lubumbashi and
          Kisangani for about 200, 100 and 100 students,
          respectively.
     2.   Unit cost analysis of higher education with
          proposals for improved budgeting and cost
          control.
Part II:  Teaching-Learning
A.   Training
     1.   Re-training of about 128 Senior Lecturers and
          Lecturers in three-month courses in the
          disciplines of French language teaching,
          mathematics, physics and biology at two
          Universities and the National Pedagogical
          Institute.
     2.   Re-training of about 450 secondary teachers
          (225 in French and 225 in mathematics) in two-
          month courses.
     3.   Establishment of an Excellence Fund, initially
          of $300,000, for needy students to be
          sustained through contributions solicited by
          the Department, to fund scholarships to be
          awarded on the basis of final year
          examinations - 90 one-year fellowships in
          medicine, agriculture, engineering, management
          and mathematics for graduate study in Zaire,
          and 20 six-month research fellowships in the
          same disciplines for post-graduate study
          abroad.
B.   Development of University Research
     1.   Analysis of university research activities and
          publications together with proposals for
          improvement; proposals made will be presented
          in a seminar for about 40 participants.
     2.   Upgrading of research activities through award
          of oneyear fellowships abroad for about 30
          selected trainees to undertake specific
          research in medicine, management, agriculture
          and engineering, and six-month fellowships
          abroad in the following year for 10 research
          trainees in the same disciplines; this
          training will be undertaken in the context of
          "twinning" with foreign establishments for
          which negotiating visits by three top
Page  10
          academics will be made.
     3.   Strengthening the Zaire University Press (PUZ)
          through reorganization and upgrading a unified
          university publications service, and study
          abroad for the PUZ Director (I staff-month).
     4.   Strengthening the use of library facilities
          through study-visits abroad by three
          University librarians and subsequent library
          training by two short-term library specialists
          assisted by three counterparts in
          seminars/courses for about 30 personnel;
          library stocks, especially in science
          documentation, will be replenished in about 13
          establishments.
C.   Modernization/Innovation
     1.   Analysis and proposals for improved academic
          activities in medicine, agriculture, nutrition
          and "Professionalization" of Higher
          Pedagogical Institutes (ISP); a final seminar
          on nutrition training for about 25
          participants.
     2.   Planning and introduction of a two-year post-
          graduate specialized training course in
          accounting and management for an annual output
          of about 25 trainees.
D.   Internal Efficiency
     Analysis of causes of wastage and of student
conditions and improvement proposals thereon; seminars on
each proposal for about 50 participants.
Part III: Strategy Development for Higher Education
     From the results of the study on Human Resources
Development in Zaire (expected in June 1988) and other
relevant training/ employment studies undertaken, an
evaluation of long-term training requirements in higher
education; an analysis of admissions to the higher
education system; establishment of criteria for location
planning and production of a national location map for
higher educational establishments. The Studies Steering
Committee will lead the preparation of a synthesis of all
the studies undertaken under the project and, on this
basis, proposals for a medium- and long-term strategy for
development of the higher education system will be
elaborated. These proposals will be discussed nationally
in a seminar including Zairian authorities and Zairian
and foreign specialists.
Part IV:  Teaching Materials
     The procurement of teaching materials in basic
science for institutions including the Universities of
Kinshasa, Lubumbashi and Kisangani, the National
Pedagogical Institute, the Higher Technical Pedagogical
Institute and the Interdisciplinary Pedagogical
Development Center (CIDEP) in Kinshasa, the Higher
Pedagogical Institute (HPI) and the Higher Institute for
Social Studies in Lubumbashi, the Agricultural Science
Institute in Yangambi and the Higher Agricultural Science
Institute in Bengamisa, the HPIs of Mbandaka and Kananga
and the Higher Institute for Medical Techniques of
Bukavu.
                     *   *   *   *
Page  11
     The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1992.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                    Special Account
I.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) through (5) set f orth in the table in paragraph I of
Schedule I to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the
Credit Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
may be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on behalf
of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
deposit into the Special Account such amount or amounts
as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals or in such minimum amounts as the Association
shall specify. On the basis of such requests, the
Association shall withdraw from the Credit Account and
deposit into the Special Account such amounts as shall be
required to replenish the Special Account with amounts
not exceeding the amount of payments made out of the
Special Account for eligible expenditures. All such
deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by the evidence supporting the request for
such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association, prior to or at the time of any request for
replenishment or upon request of the Association, such
documents and other evidence as the Association shall
reasonably request, showing that such payment was made
for eligible expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Association when either of
the following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Association shall have determined
Page  12
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made by the Borrower directly from the
               Credit Account in accordance with the
               provisions of Article V of the General
               Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
               2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the
               Credit, minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Association pursuant to
               Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
               shall be equal to the equivalent of twice
               the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account, as of the date of such notice,
will be utilized in making payments f or eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. No further deposit by the Association into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has made
such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Implementation Program
I.   In the carrying out of the Project, the following
key actions shall be completed by the dates indicated:
               Action                        Date
A.   Three-year rolling public expendi-      December 31, 1988
     tures programs for education sub-
     sectors agreed with the Borrower.
B.   Hiring of consultants for strategy      December 31, 1988
     development studies, including-
     training-employment and location map
     for higher education establishments.
C.   First draft of training-employment      December 31, 1989
     study furnished for comment to the
     Association.
D.   First draft of the higher education     March 31, 1990
     location map furnished for comment to
Page  13
     the Association.
E.   Draft long-term higher education        July 31, 1990
     strategy for higher education
     development furnished for comment
     to the Association.
F.   Above long-term strategy adopted by     October 31, 1990
     the Borrower taking into account the
     comments of the Association.
G.   Program for cost-sharing improve-       June 30, 1988
     ments furnished for comment to the
     Association.
H.   Above program applied in academic       July 31, 1989
     year 1988/89 and annual reports         and each July 31
     thereon furnished for comment           thereafter
     to the Association.
I.   Recommendations of studies on:          December 31, 1989
     (1) staff inventory and establish-
     ment of norms for utilization of
     administrative and teaching per-
     sonnel; and (2) student flow and
     graduate employment.
J.   Report indicating improvements          June 30, 1990
     made or proposed for I.(I) and
     (2) above furnished for comment
     to the Association and recruit-
     ment program for experts and
     fellowship trainees.
K.   Annual work program for following       November 1 in each
     calendar year furnished for comment     year of Project
     to the Association.
L.   Report on previous calendar year's      March 31 each
     activities under the Project fur-       year
     nished for review and comment to
     the Association.
II.  Reporting and Evaluation
     As part of the reports to be furnished pursuant to
Section 9.06 of the General Conditions, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association, in such form as shall
be reasonably requested by the Association, semiannual
progress reports by December 31 and June 30 in each year.
                      SCHEDULE 5
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding; Storage;
          Inventory Control
1.   Except as provided in Part B of this Schedule, goods
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Prior to inviting bids for equipment or vehicles,
the Borrower shall ensure to the satisfaction of the
Association, that adequate provisions have been made for
their storage and for annual inventory control.
Page  14
Part B:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Textbooks and teaching materials may be procured
following consultation with the Association on the most
economical procedure, taking into account the
requirements for warehousing, inventory control, etc.
2.   Goods which cannot be grouped into bidding packages
of a value of at least $100,000 equivalent, may be
procured through competitive bidding as described in
paragraph 3.3 of the Guidelines.
3.   Miscellaneous items of a value of less than $10,000
equivalent after grouping, may be procured through
shopping, as described in paragraph 3.4 of the
Guidelines.
Part C:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   With respect to all contracts estimated to cost the
equivalent of $10,000 or more, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix 1 shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
2.   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
3.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 1 and 2
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
4.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants, Specialists and
Experts
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants,
specialists and experts, whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants,
specialists and experts shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
Page  15
