Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3420 VE
             (Agricultural Sector Investment Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated February 26, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3420 VE
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 26, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF
VENEZUELA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Inter-American
Development Bank (IDB) a loan in an amount equivalent to two hundred
million dollars ($200,000,000) (the IDB Loan) to assist in financing
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the IDB Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
IDB;
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the
execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the
Borrower's Law "Ley Programa para el Financiamiento del Plan de
Inversiones para la Transformacion del Sector Agropecuario Durante
el Periodo 1992-1995" published in the Borrower's Official Gazette
Extraordinary Issue No. 4354 dated December 30, 1991.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 7 to this Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Annual Investment Plan" means the annual program of
investments in the agricultural sector of the Borrower, intended to
be executed by, or under the jurisdiction of, the Borrower's
Ministry of Agricultural and Livestock, and to be funded under the
corresponding annual Borrower's budget;
      (b)   "Approved Subloan" means: (i) a Free-limit Subloan that
conforms to the Reglamento and has been approved by an Eligible
Intermediary, or by the latter and FCA, as the case may be, for
which a request has been presented to the Bank pursuant to sub-
paragraph (b) of paragraph 5 of Part C of Schedule 8 to this
Agreement, and in respect of which the Bank has authorized, on the
basis of said request, withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan; or
(ii) in the case of a Subloan other than a Free-limit Subloan, a
Subloan presented to the Bank pursuant to subparagraph (a) of such
paragraph 5, that conforms to the Reglamento and that has been
approved by the Bank; provided, however, that no Subloan shall be
considered an Approved Subloan unless it has been made after the
Bank has dispatched to the Borrower a notice indicating: (A) that
all conditions for disbursement stipulated in subparagraphs (i),
(ii), (iii) and (v) of paragraph 3 (e) of Schedule 1 to this Loan
Agreement have been met; or (B) after the aggregate amount of
Subloans approved under paragraph 5 (a) of Part B of Schedule 8 or
in respect of which authorizations were granted under paragraph 5
(b) of Schedule 8, have reached the equivalent of $20,000,000, that
all conditions for disbursement stipulated in paragraph 3 (i) of
Schedule 1 to this Loan Agreement have been met;
      (c)   "Approved Subprogram" means a Subprogram, as so defined,
that has been prepared and approved by the Borrower's Ministry of
Agriculture and Livestock pursuant to paragraph (ii) of Section 3.04
of this Loan Agreement, that has been included in an economically
sound Annual Investment Plan, and that has been approved by the Bank
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (iii) of such Section if the
cost of the Subprogram in question exceeds the equivalent of
$20,000,000;
      (d)   "BANDAGRO" means the Borrower's Banco de Desarrollo
Agropecuario (Agricultural Development Bank);
      (e)   "bolivar" means the currency unit of the Borrower;
      (f)   "CADAFE" means the Borrower's Compania Anonima de
Administracion y Fomento Electricos;
      (g)   "CASA" means the Borrower's Corporacion de
Abastecimiento y Servicios Agricolas La Casa S.A.;
Page  3
      (h)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Venezuela, the
Central Bank of the Borrower;
      (i)   "Eligible Expenditures" means : (i) in respect of Part E
of the Project and in connection with Approved Subloans to be
financed thereunder, expenditures for goods, works and services
required for the carrying out of an Investment Project, and, without
limitation, the term specifically excludes expenditures for transfer
of assets, land acquisition, severance payments and any form of
refinancing, rescheduling or writing-off of indebtedness, irrespec-
tive of whether any of the expenditures so excluded is related to
the Investment Project in question; and (ii) in respect of Part B of
the Project and in connection with Approved Subprograms to be
financed thereunder, means exclusively works and goods or services
related thereto, which are to be executed or acquired, as the case
may be, under, and as part of, an Approved Subprogram;
      (j)   "Eligible Intermediary" means a financial institution
operating in Venezuela, other than BANDAGRO, any of the Fondos
referred to in Part D.1 of the Project, and FIV, and that qualifies
to participate in the Project pursuant to the Reglamento;
      (k)   "FCA" and "FIV" mean the Borrower's Fondo de Credito
Agropecuario and Fondo de Inversiones de Venezuela, respectively;
      (l)   "FONCACAO" and "FONCAFE" mean the Borrower's Fondo
Nacional del Cacao and Fondo Nacional del Cafe, respectively;
      (m)   "Free-limit Subloan" means a Subloan, as so defined,
which qualified as a Free-limit Subloan pursuant to the provisions
of paragraphs 4 (b) and (c) of Part C of Schedule 8 to this Loan
Agreement;
      (n)   "IAN" and "ICAP" mean, respectively, the Borrower's
Instituto Agrario Nacional and Instituto de Credito Agropecuario;
      (o)   "Investment Enterprise" means any individual or legal
entity that operates or will operate in the agricultural sector in
Venezuela, be it as a producer or as a provider, to agricultural
producers operating in Venezuela, of services directly related to
the production of output by said producers, that is not owned or
controlled, directly or indirectly, by any public entity, and that
intends to carry out an Investment Project;
      (p)   "Limit" means the maximum rate allowed pursuant to
Article I of Resolution No. 90-04-03 of the Borrower's Central Bank
dated April 18, 1990, published in the Borrower's Official Gazette
No. 34452 of April 23, 1990 as such Resolution may be changed from
time to time pursuant to Part D of Schedule 5 to this Agreement;
      (q)   "Investment Project" means a specific investment project
in on-farm agricultural activities to be carried out within the
framework and financing to be provided under Part E of the Project,
and intended to be financed, inter alia, with a Subloan;
      (r)   "Participation Agreement" means each of the contractual
arrangements to be entered into between the Second-tier Institution
and each Eligible Intermediary pursuant to the provisions of Section
3.01 (c) (ii) of this Loan Agreement, as it may be amended from time
to time with the acquiescence of the Borrower and the Bank, and
"Participation Loan" means each of the loans to be made to an
Eligible Intermediary under a Participation Agreement and to be
financed, in part, with the proceeds of the Loan;
      (s)   "Project Entity" means any entity proposed by the
Borrower and accepted by the Bank, as the entity responsible for the
physical execution of activities under Parts B.3, B.5 and C of the
Project under the contractual arrangements to be entered into with
the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with, the provisions of
paragraph (b) of Section 3.01 of this Agreement, and the term
includes CADAFE, the Borrower's Compania Anonima de Electricidad de
los Andes, Compania Anonima Energia Electrica de Barquisimeto, and
Page  4
Energia Electrica de la Costa Oriental del Lago de Maracaibo in
respect of Part B.3 of the Project, IAN, in respect of Part C of the
Project and Fundacion Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho, in respect of Part
G.1 (III) of the Project;
      (t)   "Project Unit" means the unit to be established pursuant
to paragraph (c) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement;
      (u)   "Reglamento" means a set of rules and provisions to be
issued by the Second-tier Institution on terms consistent with the
provisions of Schedule 8 to this Loan Agreement, as such Schedule
may be amended from time to time by agreement between the Borrower
and the Bank, and that will govern the participation of Eligible
Intermediaries under the Project and the making of Participation
Loans and Subloans thereunder;
      (v)   "Second-tier Institution" means FCA, if the institution
to be created pursuant to Part D.1 of the Project is created by a
fusion through which FCA absorbs the assets of the other entities
mentioned in such Part of the Project, or any resulting new
institution, including an institution resulting from the merger of
FCA and the aforesaid other entities;
      (w)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (x)   "Subprogram" means each of the infrastructure projects
presented to the Bank for purposes of Part B of the Project and
included by the Borrower in each of the Annual Investment Plans
referred to in paragraph (i) of Section 3.04 of this Agreement;
      (y)   "Statutes" means the Borrower's Ley Fondo Credito
Agropecuario published in the Borrower's Official Gazette Issue No.
33886 dated January 15, 1988, and the term includes the amendments
that may be made thereto in fulfillment of the conditions stipulated
in paragraph 3 (i) of Schedule 1 to this Loan Agreement;
      (z)   "Subloan" means a loan made by an Eligible Intermediary
to an Investment Enterprise intended to finance Eligible Expendi-
tures, and to be financed on its turn, and in part, with the
proceeds of a Participation Loan, and "Subloan Agreement" means each
of the agreements between an Eligible Intermediary and an Investment
Enterprise providing for a Subloan; and
      (aa)  "Venezuela Loan" means the loan to be made by the
Borrower to the Second-tier Institution pursuant to the provisions
of Section 3.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of three hundred million dollars ($300,000,000), being
the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each
withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to this
Agreement.
Page  5
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
           (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
            "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
      amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
      time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of Quali-
      fied Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
      Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of
      the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
      Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
      outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated
      at the rates applicable during such Interest Period."
            "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
      Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Quarter."
            "(c)  (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
      commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
      calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
Page  6
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                          ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through its
Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate agricultural,
financial and administrative practices, and shall provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project. Without limitation to the foregoing, the
Borrower shall: (i) in carrying out Parts B.1, B.3, B.5, B.6, C and
G.1. (III), and E and G.2 of the Project, request, respectively, the
assistance of its Ministry of Transport and Communications,  the
applicable Project Entity and FCA; and (ii) coordinate the ac-
tivities thereof under the Project through the Project Unit.
      (b)   For purposes of paragraph (a) of this Section, the
Borrower shall enter into contractual arrangements with each
applicable Project Entity, on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Borrower and the Bank, making available to each of them, as a
grant, the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time for
Parts B.3, B.5, B.6, C and G.1. (III) of the Project, respectively,
and securing all such action on the part of such Project Entity as
shall be necessary to enable the Borrower's compliance with its
obligations under this Loan Agreement in respect of the correspond-
ing Part of the Project.
      (c)   For purposes of paragraph (a) of this Section, the
Borrower shall enter with FCA into contractual arrangements
satisfactory to the Bank under which it shall: (i) make available to
FCA as a grant the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time
for Part G.2 of the Project under Category 3 of the table set forth
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Loan Agreement, securing all
such action on the part of FCA as shall be necessary for the
carrying out of Part G.2 of the Project; and (ii) on-lend to FCA
and, after completion of Part D.1 of the Project, to the Second-tier
Institution in a manner consistent with the provisions of Schedule
8 to this Loan Agreement, particularly those under Part A thereof,
the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time under Category
4 of the aforesaid table, and shall cause FCA or the Second-tier
Institution, as the case may be: (A) to seek the participation in
the Project of as many Eligible Intermediaries as possible and, for
that purpose, to make available the proceeds of the Venezuela Loan
in a manner consistent with the provisions of Schedule 8 to this
Loan Agreement (as such Schedule may be amended from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Bank), particularly those
under Part B thereof, to each Eligible Intermediary under contrac-
tual arrangements satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank
(Participation Agreement); (B) to exercise its rights under each
Participation Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
Loan and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, not to assign,
amend, abrogate or waive any Participation Agreement or any
provision thereof if, in the opinion of the Bank, such assignment,
amendment, abrogation or waiver shall affect materially and
adversely the carrying out of the Project; and (C) to cause each
Eligible Intermediary to use the proceeds of each loan made to such
Intermediary under the Participation Agreement (the Participation
Loan) for purposes of Part E of the Project in a manner consistent
with the Reglamento and with the provisions of Schedule 8 to this
Agreement, particularly Part C thereof.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
contractual arrangements with each of the Project Entities and FCA
referred to in paragraphs (b) and (c) above, respectively, in such
manner as to protect the interest of the Borrower and the Bank and
to accomplish the purposes of the Loan and, except as the Bank shall
Page  7
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive any of the said contractual arrangements or any provision
thereof if, in the opinion of the Bank, such assignment, amendment,
abrogation or waiver shall affect materially and adversely the
carrying out of the Project.
      (e)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 5
to this Agreement, and shall maintain the Project Unit until the
report referred to in Section 9.07 (c) of the General Conditions has
been furnished to the Bank.
      (f)   For purposes of this Section and of Section 4.01 of this
Loan Agreement, any reference to FCA shall be understood as a
reference to the Second-tier Institution after the execution of Part
D.1 of the Project shall have been completed.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall cause the Second-tier
Institution to notify the Bank immediately upon suspension or
termination of the eligibility of a former Eligible Intermediary to
participate in the Project or upon reinstating such eligibility. Any
request for withdrawal of proceeds of the Loan submitted to the Bank
shall be deemed made by the Borrower under a representation that the
financial institution or institutions involved continue being
Eligible Intermediaries.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower undertakes, for purposes of Part B
of the Project, that:
            (i)   each Subprogram shall be included in an Annual
                  Investment Plan, and that, by not later than
                  October 31 of each year during execution of the
                  Project, it shall exchange views with the Bank on
                  each Subprogram for Part B of the Project indi-
                  vidually and as part of the Annual Investment
                  Plan for the next year;
           (ii)   the inclusion of each Subprogram in an Annual
                  Investment Plan shall be subject to a feasibility
                  study by the Borrower that shall include the
                  economic evaluation of such Subprogram, all in
                  accordance with a methodology and criteria which
                  shall be satisfactory to the Bank and adequate to
                  the type of Subprogram in question; and
          (iii)   the aforesaid notwithstanding, each Subprogram
                  estimated to cost more than the equivalent of
                  $20,000,000 shall be submitted to the approval of
                  the Bank prior to its inclusion in the respective
                  Annual Investment Plan.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation or restriction on the
provisions of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Borrower
shall: (i) furnish to the Bank, through the Project Unit and by
March 31 and September 30 of each year until the Closing Date,
reports of such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall reason-
ably request on the progress made in the period in question in the
carrying out of the Project; and (ii) undertake, jointly with the
Bank by March 31, 1992 and approximately every anniversary there-
after until the Closing Date, an in-depth and comprehensive review
on all aspects of Project implementation and on the performance by
the Borrower in the discharging of its obligations under this Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) at the request of
Page  8
the Bank, review jointly with the Bank the progress of the Loan and
IDB Loan disbursements so as to enable the Bank to determine what
actions and/or measures shall be taken to ensure that withdrawals of
the proceeds of the Loan be made pari-passu and at a rate as close
as possible to 60 (Loan)/40 with the withdrawal of proceeds of the
IDB Loan under IDB Loan Agreement; and (ii) take any action or
measure that the Bank shall have determined for the aforesaid
purpose and adequately notified to the Borrower.
      (b)   Unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the
Bank, any action or measure determined to be taken pursuant to
paragraph (a) of this Section, shall be taken or cause to be taken
by the Borrower promptly upon receipt of the notification referred
to in such paragraph or in accordance with the time-table included
in said notification, if any.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause each
Project Entity in respect of Parts B.3, B.5, B.6, C and G.1 (III) of
the Project, and FCA in respect of Parts E and G.2 of the Project,
as applicable, to maintain procedures and records and separate
accounts adequate to monitor and record the progress of the Project,
of each Approved Subprogram and of each Investment Project (includ-
ing their cost and the benefits to be derived therefrom) and to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices consistently
maintained the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
each Approved Subprogram, each Investment Project and, in respect of
the remainder of the Project, of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have, and cause FCA and each Project Entity to
                  have, the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account and, exclusively in the case
                  of FCA, its financial statements (balance sheet,
                  statement of income and expenses and related
                  statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish, and cause FCA and each Project Entity to
                  furnish, to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end
                  of each such year, in the case of Part E of the
                  Project, and not later than six months after the
                  end of such year in the case of the remainder of
                  the Project, the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish, and cause FCA and each Project Entity to
                  furnish, to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain or cause to be retained, until at least
Page  9
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Loan Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable or cause to enable the Bank's representa-
                  tives to examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure or cause to ensure that such records and
                  accounts are included in the annual audit re-
                  ferred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and
                  that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the state-
                  ments of expenditure submitted during such fiscal
                  year, together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, provided,
however, that in respect of any of the events referred to in
paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the Bank may, in its opinion, restrict
the suspension of disbursements of Loan proceeds in respect to the
Part or Parts of the Project, or portion or portions thereof,
affected by the event in question:
      (a)   The Statutes or the Reglamento shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely, in the Bank's opinion, the ability of the Borrower to
carry out Part E of the Project through the Second-tier Institution
or to perform any of its obligations under this Loan Agreement or
the contractual arrangements to be entered pursuant to paragraph (c)
of Section 3.01 of this Loan Agreement, or the ability of the
Second-tier Institution to perform any of its obligations or
exercise its rights under one or more of the Participation Agree-
ments.
      (b)   A resolution shall have been passed for the liquidation
or dissolution of: (i) the Second-tier Institution; or (ii) a
Project Entity; or (iii) an Eligible Intermediary.
      (c)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action which, in the opinion of the Bank,
affects materially and adversely the operations of any of the
entities referred to in (b) above in respect of the Project.
      (d)   A default shall occur in the performance of any
obligation on the part of: (i) any Eligible Intermediary under the
respective Participation Agreement; or (ii) any Project Entity; or
(iii) FCA or the Second-tier Institution, under the contractual
arrangements referred to in paragraph (b), and (c), respectively, of
Section 3.01 of this Agreement; or (iv) any Investment Enterprise
under a Subloan Agreement.
      (e)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that one or more of the entities
referred to in (d) above will be able to perform its obligations in
respect of the Project.
      (f)   Any import licence requirement that has been eliminated
pursuant to the provisions of Part A.3, A.7 or A.8 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement, or any mandatory administrative minimum producer
price that has been eliminated pursuant to the provisions of Part
B.2 or B.3 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement, or any nominal retail
price control that has been eliminated pursuant to the provisions of
Page  10
Part B.6 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement or any purchasing monopoly
that has been eliminated pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement, shall have been reinstated without prior agreement
having been reached between the Borrower and the Bank on the
reasonableness, under the prevailing circumstances, of the rein-
statement of the measure in question.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely
that an event specified in paragraphs (a) or (d) (ii) and (iii) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that consultant services to be used for purposes of Part
F of the Project (phytosanitary permits) and for Parts G.1 (d), G.1
(g), G.1 (h) and G.1 (i) of the Project have been hired pursuant to
the provisions of Section II of Schedule 4 to this Loan Agreement;
      (b)   that model bidding documents to be used for the
procurement of goods and works, under Parts A and C.2 of Section I
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement, have been furnished to the Bank in
form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank;
      (c)   a unit that shall coordinate Project implementation
activities and monitor the progress thereof has been established
within the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock in form
and substance satisfactory to the Bank (the Project Unit); and
      (d)   all actions and measures required to be taken on or
before the Effective Date pursuant to the provisions of Parts A.1,
A.3, A.4, B.1, B.2, C.4, C.5, C.6, F and G of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement shall have taken in form and substance satisfactory to the
Bank.
      Section 6.02. The date of May 26, 1992 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Hacienda
            Direccion General
            Sectorial de Finanzas Publicas
            Edificio Norte, Piso 5
            Centro Simon Bolivar
            Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                          Telex:
                                            24215 HDACP
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
Page  11
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA) or
                                             64145 (WUI)
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                  By /s/ Jonathan Coles
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Honorary Witness:
/s/ Carmen Elena Dominguez
    REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                          SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expendi-
tures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Services and/            122,300,000        80%
    or works under
    Parts B, C
    and F of
    the Project
(2) Goods under               30,900,000        100% of foreign
    Parts B, F,                                 expenditures and
    and G of the                                90% of local
    Project                                     expenditures
(3) Consultants'               2,700,000        100%
    services and
    training under
    Parts A, F
    and G of the
    Project, and
    auditor services
    under Section
Page  12
    4.01 of this
    Agreement
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(4) Participation            114,100,00074% of amounts
    Loans under                                 disbursed by the
    Part E of the                               Second-tier
    Project                                     Institution
(5) Unallocated               30,000,000
                             ___________
         TOTAL               300,000,000
                             ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $10,000,000, may be made on account of
payments made for expenditures before that date but after December
30, 1991;
      (b)   expenditures under Part B of the Project unless the
expenditures in question are Eligible Expenditures to be financed
under an Approved Subprogram;
      (c)   expenditures under Part B.3 or Part B.5 of the Project
unless the Borrower has entered with the corresponding Project
Entity into the contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph
(b) of Section 3.01 of this Loan Agreement;
      (d)   expenditures under Part C of the Project unless the
Borrower has entered with the corresponding Project Entity into the
contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph (b) of Section
3.01 of this Loan Agreement;
      (e)   any Participation Loan under Part E of the Project
unless the Bank shall be satisfied:
            (i)   that the condition stipulated under Part A.7 (a)
                  of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement between the
                  Borrower and the Bank dated October 15, 1990
                  (Financial Sector Adjustment Loan) has been met,
                  that the bill or bills submitted to the Borrowe-
                  r's Congress in fulfillment of said condition
                  includes provisions amending the Statutes in a
                  manner satisfactory to the Borrower's Executive
                  Branch and the Bank, and that, in the opinion of
                  the Borrower's Executive Branch and the Bank,
                  said bill or bills, when enacted, will enable the
                  Borrower to complete the carrying out of Part D.2
                  of the Project and to adjust the Reglamento as
                  required under paragraph 3 (i) of this Schedule
                  for purposes of continuing with the carrying out
                  of Part E of the Project;
Page  13
           (ii)   that evidence satisfactory to the Bank has been
                  furnished to the Bank, showing that all actions
                  have been taken as shall be necessary for the
                  carrying out, through its completion, of Parts
                  D.3 and D.4 of the Project;
          (iii)   that the Reglamento has been issued in form and
                  substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the
                  Bank, and that FCA or, after the completion of
                  Part D.1 of the Project, the Second-tier Institu-
                  tion is legally, financially and administratively
                  able to assist the Borrower in the carrying out
                  of Part E of the Project;
           (iv)   that FCA or, after the completion of Part D.1 of
                  the Project, the Second-tier Institution shall
                  have hired the services of consultants pursuant
                  to Section II of Schedule 4 to this Agreement for
                  purposes of being assisted in the carrying out of
                  Part G.2 of the Project; and
            (v)   that the Borrower and the Second-tier Institution
                  have entered into the contractual arrangements
                  providing for the Venezuela Loan referred to in
                  sentence II of paragraph (c) of Section 3.01 of
                  this Loan Agreement; provided, however, that
                  after the amount of withdrawals from the Loan
                  Account in respect of Participation Loans has
                  reached the equivalent of $20,000,000 and $70,00-
                  0,000, the provisions of subparagraphs (i) and
                  (j) below, respectively, shall apply;
      (f)   any Participation Loan under Part E of the Project
unless the Second-tier Institution shall have furnished to the Bank
evidence satisfactory to the Bank that such Institution has entered
with the Eligible Intermediary in question into a Participation
Agreement and, as part of such evidence, the Second-tier Institution
shall furnish to the Bank a legal opinion from counsel acceptable to
the Bank showing, on behalf of such Institution, that the Participa-
tion Agreement in question and all the obligations of the parties
thereto thereunder, are legally binding upon said parties in
accordance with the terms thereof, and that the then current
applicable legal provisions of the Borrower enable the Eligible
Intermediary in question to charge interest and other charges on
Subloans and other loans to be made by such Intermediary on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank; provided,
however, that after the amount of withdrawals from the Loan Account
in respect of Participation Loans has reached the equivalent of
$20,000,000, the provisions of paragraph (i) below shall apply;
      (g)   any expenditures under Part B or E of the Project
unless:
            (i)   a study on the capacity of the Borrower's Minis-
                  try of Environmental and Renewable Natural Re-
                  sources (MERNR) to determine the environmental
                  impact of Subprograms and Investment Projects and
                  to monitor and ensure compliance with environmen-
                  tal protection requirements for the carrying out
                  thereof, has been completed under Part C of the
                  Project described under Part C of Schedule 2 to
                  the Loan Agreement (Loan 3225-VE) between the
                  Borrower and the Bank dated October 15, 1990;
           (ii)   the Borrower and the Bank have agreed on a plan
                  of action, including a time-table therefor, to
                  strengthen the said capacities of MERNR and the
                  mechanisms to enable MERNR to act in respect of
                  said capacities, as strengthened; and
          (iii)   the Borrower has taken the initial action under
                  said plan;
Page  14
      (h)   expenditures for training activities and goods under
Part G of the Project unless the Borrower and the Bank have agreed
on a plan for said activities;
      (i)   any Participation Loan under Part E of the Project if
the withdrawal in question, when added to previous withdrawals from
the Loan Account in respect of Participation Loans, shall exceed the
equivalent of $20,000,000, unless evidence satisfactory to the Bank
has been furnished to the Bank showing that:
            (i)   no action taken pursuant to paragraph (e) above
                  (with the exception of those mentioned in (iv)
                  below) has been amended, abrogated or repealed
                  without the acquiescence of the Bank;
           (ii)   all actions have been taken as shall be necessary
                  for the carrying out, through its completion, of
                  Parts D.1 and D.2 (i) and (iii) of the Project
                  and to achieve satisfactory progress in the
                  carrying out of Part D.2 (ii) of the Project;
          (iii)   the Second Tier Institution shall carry on the
                  operations of FCA and shall be legally, finan-
                  cially and administratively able to assist the
                  Borrower in the carrying out of Part E of the
                  Project through the completion thereof; and
           (iv)   the Reglamento issued pursuant to paragraph (e)
                  (iii) above and each of the Participation Agree-
                  ments entered, and the legal opinion issued, both
                  pursuant to paragraph (f) above and, if so re-
                  quired in the Bank's opinion, the contractual
                  arrangements providing for the Venezuela Loan
                  entered into pursuant to paragraph (e) (v) above,
                  all have been adjusted in form and substance
                  satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, and
                  that interest and other charges on Subloans made
                  or to be made by each Eligible Intermediary and
                  in respect of which withdrawal applications from
                  the Loan Account in respect of Participation
                  Loans in excess of the aforesaid equivalent of
                  $20,000,000 are to be filed by the Borrower, have
                  been charged or will be charged, as the case may
                  be, on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
                  Borrower and the Bank and which are in accordance
                  with the Reglamento, as so adjusted;
      (j)   any Participation Loan under Part E of the Project when
the withdrawal in question, when added to previous withdrawals from
the Loan Account in respect of Participation Loans shall exceed the
equivalent of $70,000,000, unless, and without prejudice to the
provisions of subparagraph (i) above, evidence satisfactory to the
Bank has been furnished to the Bank showing progress in the carrying
out, through its completion, of Part D.2 (ii) of the Project; and
      (k)   expenditures under Part G.1 (III) of the Project unless
the Borrower has entered with the corresponding Project Entity into
the contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph (b) of Section
3.01 of this Loan Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to increase sectoral
efficiency and to help achieve sustainable agricultural growth and
exports. Such objectives shall be pursued by means of: (i) support-
ing a program to restructure the incentive system; (ii) expanding
public sector expenditure in agricultural infrastructure and
services so as to improve productivity and increase agricultural
export capacity; (iii) increasing the availability of credit to
permit the private sector to adjust to the new incentive structure
Page  15
and to increase exports; and (iv) strengthening the institutional
framework and the project planning capabilities of the sector to
facilitate the implementation of the said program.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, all subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives.
Part A:     Sector Policy Reform:
      Execution of a policy reform program for the agricultural
sector, including addressing of major issues in the areas of:
1.    agricultural trade;
2.    agricultural pricing, including producer, input and retail
food pricing;
3.    agricultural marketing, specially in relation to the divest-
ment by the Borrower of its ownership or management or control, or
any combination thereof, of storage facilities directly or
indirectly owned or controlled or managed by the Borrower and
limiting the roles of CASA, FONCACAO and FONCAFE, the two latter in
connection with the cocoa and coffee subsectors, respectively;
4.    agricultural credit system, including the actions and measures
to be taken under Part D of this Schedule; and
5.    legal and regulatory framework for the sector in relation to
land titling and tenancy, and other areas agreed from time to time
between the Borrower, acting through its Minister of Agriculture and
Livestock, and the Bank.
Part B:     Expansion and improvement of productive infrastructure
            in selected areas: through the execution of Approved
            Subprograms for:
1.    rural roads construction and enhancement;
2.    drainage and irrigation works;
3.    construction of transmission lines, including the related
substations, and installation of connection lines, both for rural
electrification purposes;
4.    construction of new and enhancement of existing facilities for
fishery operations;
5.    such other activities as shall be agreed between the Borrower
and the Bank from time to time; and
6.    acquisition and utilization of materials, equipment and
consultant services for all of the above, as required.
Part C:     Improvement of land tenure and titling situation:
      Through the execution of aerial photography and cartography,
land delineation (levantamiento catastral) and small farm/plot
delineation (catastro parcelario), and other activities required to
complete the national land cadastre, including the hiring and
utilization of consultant services therefor.
Part D:     Restructuring of the Borrower's Agricultural Financial
            System, including:
1.    creation of a Second-tier agricultural development credit
institution which, subject to 3 below, would absorb all assets and
liabilities of FCA, and the assets and liabilities related to credit
operations of the Borrower's FONCACAO and FONCAFE;
2.    avoiding distortions in the allocation of financial resources,
particularly in respect of agricultural lending by: (a) setting free
Page  16
from any regulation the determination by financial intermediaries
and their respective customers of the interest rates to be charged
on loans; (b) gradual elimination of any mandatory agricultural
lending by commercial banks, particularly in the form of a require-
ment on such banks' portfolios; and (c) causing entities owned or
controlled by the Borrower (other than entities that the Borrower
and the Bank may, for specific purposes, agree from time to time
should be excluded from the Project), which are entitled to make
loans for similar purposes than those of Part E of the Project (the
Agricultural Loans), to make such Agricultural Loans only under
terms and conditions that shall reflect the cost of resources used
in the financing of the Agricultural Loan or Loans in question or,
should said resources be generated by the entity in question or
provided to such entity through allocations thereto in the Bor-
rower's budget, at full market rates;
3.    auditing, evaluation and settlement of FCA's outstanding
portfolio, particularly the portfolio with each of BANDAGRO, ICAP
and each of the Fondos mentioned in 1 above, including the write-off
of uncollectible accounts receivable and compensation of FCA by the
Borrower for any losses that may arise therefrom; and
4.    preparation of a timetable and action plan for the liquidation
of BANDAGRO.
Part E:     Availability of credit for the sector:
      Through provision of the framework and financing required to
enable: (a) the carrying out by Investment Enterprises of Investment
Projects geared to intensifying production and exports; and (b) the
participation of Eligible Intermediaries in the said financing
through the making of Approved Subloans.
Part F:     Improvement of plant and animal health, and chemical
            control, facilities:
      Through construction of new and enhancement of existing
research and training facilities therefor, including laboratories,
and acquisition and utilization of equipment and hiring of consul-
tant services therefor and, if warranted, acquisition and utiliza-
tion of hardware equipment and software systems, particularly to
improve mechanisms, facilities and organization utilized for
issuance of phytosanitary permits for imports and exports and for
sanitary campaigns.
Part G:     Institutional Strengthening through:
1.     Enhancement of the analytical capabilities of the Borrower's
Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock, particularly in the areas
mentioned below, through: (a) provision of technical assistance to;
(b) training facilities; (c) programs of fellowships abroad for, the
staff thereof and of other entities operating in the agricultural
sector, if warranted; and (d) acquisition and utilization of
hardware equipment and software systems.
      The aforesaid areas are:
      (a)   agricultural trade, and cost recovery policies;
      (b)   determining the detailed features for the price
stabilization scheme to be established pursuant to Part A.4 of
Schedule 5 to this Loan Agreement and implementing appropriate
systems for the dissemination of price and market information;
      (c)   identification and design of market-based systems for
price stabilization such as commodity options trading and future
purchase/sell mechanisms, establishment and introduction of the
system or systems chosen and organization of training programs
therefor;
      (d)   evaluation of warehouse and silo installations and
preparation of plans of actions for the execution of Part A 3 of the
Page  17
Project;
      (e)   land policies;
      (f)   agricultural statistics;
      (g)   project evaluation, including environmental assessment;
      (h)   project monitoring and follow-up;
      (i)   financial planning and control;
      (j)   organization and methods; and
      (k)   other areas agreed from time to time between the
Borrower, acting through its Minister of Agriculture and Livestock,
and the Bank.
2.    Enhancement of the operational capabilities of FCA or, after
completion of the execution of Part D.1 of the Project, the Second-
tier Institution, by means of: (a) upgrading, and if necessary
adapting, the current management information system of FCA, and
training of the staff thereof in the operation of the new system
and, if warranted, acquiring and utilizing hardware equipment and
software systems; and (b) improving, and if necessary adapting,
FCA's financial planning and management procedures, and reduction of
costs, resource allocation and upgrading FCA's current management
and staff capabilities, all related to the administration of
agricultural credit operations.
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                          (expressed in dollars)*
On each March 15 and September 15
      beginning March 15, 1997                  15,000,000
      through   September 15, 2006
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                        Premium
                                    The interest rate (expressed as
                                    a percentage per annum) appli-
                                    cable to the Loan on the day of
                                    prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                       0.20
      before maturity
More than three years but                       0.40
      not more than six years
Page  18
      before maturity
More than six years but                         0.73
      not more than eleven years
      before maturity
More than eleven years but not                  0.87
      more than thirteen years
      before maturity
More than thirteen years before                 1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Contracts and/or items shall be grouped so as to form,
whenever possible, bidding packages estimated to cost more than the
equivalent of $500,000 in respect of works and $200,000 in respect
of goods.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Venezuela may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts and/or items which could not be grouped pursuant to
Part A.2 of this Schedule shall be grouped so as to form bidding
packages estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $25,000 in
respect of goods and $35,000 in respect of works.
2.    Contracts for civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$500,000 or less and contracts for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or less may, subject to the provisions of 3
below, be awarded on the basis of competitive bidding locally
advertised and under procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Individual contracts or items which could not be grouped
pursuant to Parts A.1 or C.1 of this Schedule and which are
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $35,000 in respect of
works and $25,000 in respect of goods, may be procured on the basis
of price quotations solicited from at least three suppliers or
contractors eligible under the Guidelines to the extent the
aggregate of the contracts or items so awarded does not exceed the
equivalent of $30,000,000 and $500,000, respectively.
4.    Contracts for Investment Projects financed under Subloans
shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of Part C.6
(iii) of Schedule 8 to this Agreement.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract awarded pursuant to Part
Page  19
A.1 of this Schedule and to the first two contracts for works and
the first two contracts or items for goods, awarded, without Bank
objection, pursuant to Part C.2 of this Schedule, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out of
Parts A, F and G of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consul-
tants whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfac-
tory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981. The services
of all consultants referred to above, other than those to be hired
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (a) of Section 6.01 of, or
Schedule 5 to, this Loan Agreement, shall be hired at the earlier of
a date one year after the Effective Date or December 31, 1992.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     In respect of Part A.1 of the Project, the Borrower
undertakes:
1.    To put into effect before the Effective Date, two phased plans
of action satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, that shall
bring, within two years in the case of milk and within one year in
the case of sugar, the prices of said products in line with
international prices or with the average domestic price of a set of
exporting countries selected between the Borrower and the Bank.
2.    To maintain and execute each of said plans, as it may be
changed from time to time by agreement between the Borrower and the
Bank.
3.    To eliminate, before the Effective Date the import licence
requirement (Nota 2 of the Borrower's Arancel de Importaciones
published in the Borrower's Official Gazette dated May 7, 1991,
hereinafter Nota 2) in respect of all positions (posiciones) of the
said Arancel, except for the positions corresponding to milk and
sugar and for the positions corresponding to not more than 2% of the
annual value of agricultural production as of December 31, 1989,
such value to be calculated in accordance with a methodology agreed
between the Borrower and the Bank.
4.    To put into effect, before the Effective Date, the mechanism
Page  20
for commodity price stabilization agreed between the Borrower and
the Bank exclusively in respect of the following commodities:
sorghum, yellow corn, white corn, oil seeds, rice and wheat, and
maintain such mechanism, as it may be changed from time to time by
agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, for a period which
shall end with one or more of the systems referred to in Part G.1
(c) of the Project being introduced and put into effect.
5.    To continue implementing the import tariff structure that the
Borrower committed itself to put into effect and maintain pursuant
to the terms of Chapter 3 - Imports Regime, of its letter to the
Bank dated May 16, 1989 mentioned in the Preamble to the Loan
Agreement between the Borrower and the Bank (Trade Policy Loan) for
Loan 3092-VE dated as of October 16, 1989.
6.    To put into effect, by a date 3 months after the Effective
Date, a system satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank to
administer health permits and to maintain it thereafter.
7.    To eliminate, by October 31, 1992, the import license
requirements (Nota 2), in respect of all positions of the Arancel
referred to in Part A.3 above other than milk and sugar.
8.    To limit to only a small group of basic food items, the number
and grade of which will be agreed from time to time between the
Borrower and the Bank, the food items subject to export licensing,
and to eliminate, by a date notified by the Borrower to the Bank,
all export license requirements, including those for the aforemen-
tioned group of items.
Part B:     In respect of Part A.2 of the Project, the Borrower
undertakes:
1.    To cause, on or before the Effective Date, the prevailing
fertilizer prices to be consistent with any action program agreed to
between the Borrower and the Bank pursuant to Part A.7 of Schedule
5 to the Loan Agreement (Public Enterprise Reform Loan) between the
Borrower and the Bank dated as of October 15, 1990 or, if no such
program has yet been agreed, to put into effect an action program,
satisfactory to the Bank, geared to bring fertilizer prices to the
opportunity cost of fertilizers by not later than July 1, 1993.
2.    To eliminate, before the Effective Date, the mandatory
administrative minimum producer prices for those positions referred
to in Part A.3 of this Schedule 5 for which the import licence
requirement has been eliminated pursuant to such Part A.3.
3.    To eliminate: (a) by October 31, 1992, all remaining mandatory
administrative minimum producer prices for agricultural commodities,
other than milk and sugar; (b) by the end of the two-year period
referred to in Part A.1 above, the mandatory administrative minimum
producer price for milk; and (c) by the end of the one-year period
referred to in Part A.1 above, the mandatory administrative minimum
producer price for sugar.
4.    To cause, from December 31, 1992, onwards, all fertilizer
prices to be adjusted in accordance with the program of action
applicable pursuant to Part B.1 of this Schedule 5.
5.    Not to include any Subprogram for irrigation or large drainage
works amongst those to be financed with the proceeds of the Loan
under Part B.2 of the Project unless the Borrower and the Bank have
agreed on an irrigation sector policy, including, inter alia, a cost
recovery policy, and on the demonstrated technical, financial,
economic, institutional and environmental feasibility of the Sub-
program in question.
6.    To limit to only a small group of basic food items, the number
and grade of which will be agreed from time to time between the
Borrower and the Bank, the food items subject to nominal retail
price control, and to eliminate, by a date notified by the Borrower
to the Bank, all retail food price regulations, including those for
Page  21
the aforesaid group of items.
Part C:     In respect of Part A.3 of the Project, the Borrower
undertakes:
1.    To carry out a study under Part G.1 (d) of the Project on its
agricultural storage facilities (silos and cold storage) in a timely
fashion so as to enable the Borrower to furnish to the Bank, by a
date six months after the Effective Date, an action plan (including
a time-table therefor) satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank for
divestment by the Borrower of its direct or indirect ownership
and/or control and/or management of such storage facilities and to
carry out such action plan thereafter in accordance with the time-
table therefor.
2.    To take all such action as shall be necessary to ensure that:
(a) by October 31, 1992, the Borrower, or its relevant agency or
agencies, shall be ready to issue bidding or tender documents, or
both, as the case may be, or should no bidding be required, shall
have completed any other preparatory action required, all for the
sale of a number of the facilities referred to in Part C.1 above
encompassing not less than 25% of the aggregate value of the assets
of such facilities; and (b) in carrying out the action plan referred
to in 1 above, any facility to be sold thereunder is adequately
managed, until the sale thereof, by the entity that the Borrower
shall appoint or hire for the purpose.
3.    To limit the role of CASA, unless otherwise agreed between the
Borrower and the Bank, exclusively to: (a) importing foodstuffs only
in case of emergencies; (b) assisting in the establishment and
operation of central wholesale markets; (c) providing technical
assistance to producer and consumer food marketing cooperatives; (d)
requiring that any marketing program aimed at lowering the cost of
basic food items for lower income segments of the population
(popular markets, basic basket program) be self-sustaining, with the
financing from the Borrower's budget limited to CASA's salaries for
its core staff and related administrative costs; and (e) to manage
the facilities referred to in Part C.1 above until the sale thereof
or the transfer of managerial responsibilities thereon has been
perfected.
4.    To make available to the Bank for review, on or before the
Effective Date, CASA's plan of operations and proposed budget for
1992, to ensure that said plan and budget are, except if otherwise
agreed between the Borrower and the Bank, consistent with the
provisions of C.3 above, and to carry out such plan pursuant to the
said provisions.
5.    To take on or before the Effective Date, all such measures as
shall then be necessary or convenient to eliminate its purchasing
monopoly in respect of the domestic coffee and cocoa producers and
its export marketing monopoly of coffee and cocoa and of their
derivative products processed by FONCAFE and FONCACAO.
6.    (a)   To furnish to the Bank before the Effective Date an
action plan satisfactory to the Bank for the restructuring of
FONCAFE and FONCACAO (in matters other than those covered under Part
D.1 of the Project) such plan to include a detailed time-table for
each action thereunder and to specify the new organizational model
and functions for the two institutions; and (b) to carry out such
plan thereafter in accordance with its time-table, as such plan
and/or time-table may be changed by agreement between the Borrower
and the Bank.
Part D:     In respect of Parts A.4, D and E of the Project, the
Borrower undertakes to take, and cause to be taken, all such action
as shall be necessary to increase the Limit should the Limit, at any
time, make the Eligible Intermediaries unable to obtain a reasonable
spread that shall encourage the Eligible Intermediaries to make
Approved Subloans.
Part E:     In respect of Part A.5 of the Project, the Borrower
Page  22
undertakes: (a) to carry out, by a date six months after the
Effective Date, a study in alternatives that shall permit Agrarian
Reform beneficiaries to have access to credit in view of the
existing constraints faced by such beneficiaries in respect of title
transfer on their land and/or in respect of constituting real
securities thereon; and (b) to discuss with the Bank the recommen-
dations of such study and to carry out, by October 31, 1992, all
such action as shall be necessary to execute the recommendations of
such study which are within the powers of the Executive Branch to
execute and acceptable to the Borrower and the Bank.
Part F:     In respect of Part G.1 (c) of the Project, the Borrower
undertakes to make all necessary arrangements to furnish to the
Bank, for discussion and through the Project Unit, before the
Effective Date and by September 30 of each following year during
Project execution, a training program for the year 1992 and for the
next following calendar year, respectively.
Part G:     In respect of Part G.2 of the Project, the Borrower
undertakes to make all necessary arrangements to ensure that FCA or,
after completion of the execution of Part D.1 of the Project, the
Second-tier Institution, furnishes to the Bank before the Effective
Date and by September 30 of each following year during Project
execution, annual promotion and training programs to be implemented
during the year 1992 and the following calendar year, respectively.
                            SCHEDULE 6
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; provided, however, that after withdrawals from the
Special Account or the Loan Account, or both, in respect of
Participation Loans have reached amounts equivalent to $20,000,000
and $70,000,000, Category (4) of said table shall cease being
considered as an eligible Category until the Bank shall have
notified the Borrower that the disbursement conditions under
paragraphs 3 (i) and 3 (j), respectively, of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement have been fulfilled and that such Category (4) has again
become an eligible Category;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means Eligible
Expenditures and other expenditures in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for Parts A, C, F and G of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated
from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $15,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
Page  23
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                  deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                  vals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to para-
                  graph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
                  from the Loan Account and deposit into the Spe-
                  cial Account such amount as the Borrower shall
                  have requested and as shall have been shown by
                  said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures. All such deposits shall be with-
                  drawn by the Bank from the Loan Account under the
                  respective eligible Categories, and in the re-
                  spective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
                  justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
Page  24
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                Modifications of General Conditions
      For the purpose of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
      1.    The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      2.    In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as sub-
paragraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreements.
      3.    The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make with-
drawals with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice,
such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of
Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
            "or (f) by the date specified in subparagraph (c) of
      paragraph 5 of Part C of Schedule 8 to the Loan Agreement, the
      Bank shall, in respect of any portion of the Loan then
      allocated to Category 4 of the table set forth in paragraph 1
      of Schedule 1 to this Agreement: (i) have received no requests
      under subparagraph (b) of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied
      any such applications or requests, the Bank may, by notice to
      the Borrower and the Second-tier Institution (as such term is
      defined in the Loan Agreement), terminate the right of the
      Borrower to submit such requests or to make withdrawals from
      the Loan Account, as the case may be, with respect to such
      amount or portion of the Loan. Upon the giving of such notice,
      such amount or portion of the Loan shall be cancelled."
                          SCHEDULE 8
            Terms and Conditions of the Venezuela Loan,
                 Participation Loans and Subloans
Part A.     Terms and Conditions of the Venezuela Loan
1.    The proceeds of the Loan to be on-lent to the Second-tier
Institution under the Venezuela Loan shall be made available to such
Institution, within a period that, except as otherwise agreed
between the Borrower and the Bank in respect of one or more specific
Subloans, shall not extend beyond the Closing Date.
2.    Each disbursement by the Borrower to the Second-tier Institu-
tion under the Venezuela Loan shall be made exclusively to finance
the participation of an Eligible Intermediary under Part E of the
Project through a Participation Loan. Each such Participation Loan,
unless otherwise agreed between the Bank and the Second-tier
Institution, shall take the exclusive form of a loan made by the
Second-tier Institution to an Eligible Intermediary with the
exclusive purpose of refinancing an Approved Subloan made by such
Page  25
Eligible Intermediary for the carrying out of an Investment Project.
Any withdrawal from the Loan Account or the Special Account made
directly to finance any such loan shall be deemed a disbursement
under the Venezuela Loan.
3.    The Venezuela Loan shall be denominated in bolivares and
payable in terms of the dollar equivalent in bolivares at the time
of each disbursement under the Venezuela Loan, and shall bear
interest at a rate equal to the rate corresponding to the applicable
Interest Period in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.05 of
this Loan Agreement plus an additional fee to be established by the
Borrower in accordance with a methodology acceptable to the Bank and
which shall reflect the sum of the costs to the Borrower resulting
from: (a) the charge payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section
2.04 of this Loan Agreement in respect of the corresponding
unwithdrawn portion of the Loan allocated from time to time to the
Venezuela Loan; and (b) the exchange risk assumed by the Borrower
when making the Venezuela Loan that results from the fluctuations of
the value of the dollar vis a vis the different currencies, other
than the dollar, maintained by the Bank in the Central Disbursement
Account from time to time throughout the life of the Loan.
4.    In consideration for the making by the Borrower of the
Venezuela Loan, the Second-tier Institution shall undertake to take
all such action as shall be necessary on its part to enable the
Borrower to comply with its obligations under Sections 3.01, 3.02,
3.03 and 4.01 of this Loan Agreement, and to retain the necessary
rights under each of the Participation Agreements to cause the
corresponding Eligible Intermediary to abide by the terms and
conditions of the corresponding Participation Agreement, including
those set forth in B below.
5.    The Borrower shall reimburse the Second-tier Institution for
any cost incurred by the latter in respect of payments made to
Eligible Intermediaries, if any, in connection with the margin
referred to in B.3 below. No such reimbursement shall be made out of
the proceeds of the Loan.
Part B.     Terms and Conditions of each Participation Loan
1.    Each Participation Loan shall be made by the Second-tier
Institution to an Eligible Intermediary with the exclusive purpose
of the refinancing by such Institution of 90% of an Approved Subloan
made by the Eligible Intermediary in question, and to the extent the
Participation Loan in question together with other Participation
Loans made to finance the same Investment Enterprise shall not
exceed the equivalent of $3,000,000.
2.    Each Participation Loan shall be denominated and payable in
bolivares.
3.    Interest on the amounts withdrawn and outstanding of principal
of a Participation Loan shall vary every month so as to reflect, at
least, changes in the interest rate mentioned in Article 1 of
Resolution No. 231 of the Minister of Agriculture and Livestock of
the Borrower published in the Borrower's Gazette No. 34771 of August
7, 1991 (average of rates paid on remunerated deposits). Pursuant to
the provisions of Part A.5 above, it is understood, for purposes of
Participation Loans, that any payment made by the Second-tier
Institution to an Eligible Intermediary to provide the latter with
a guaranteed margin or spread, such as the margin of not more than
five percentage points referred to in the sole paragraph of Article
3 of such Resolution 231, or in any other legal provision satisfac-
tory to the Borrower and the Bank stipulating a guaranteed margin or
spread to replace such Resolution 231, shall not be financed out of
the proceeds of the Venezuela Loan and, consequently shall be deemed
not to be covered by any Participation Loan.
4.    Payment dates of principal of, and interest on, each Par-
ticipation Loan, shall be set, to the maximum extent possible, at
the same date or dates on which the corresponding payments of the
Subloan to be financed thereunder are due.
Page  26
5.    In no case shall the final maturity of principal under a
Participation Loan be scheduled for a date later than the latter
payment date shown in Schedule 3 to this Loan Agreement.
6.    Each Participation Loan shall be made under and be governed by
a Participation Agreement under which the Second-tier Institution
shall retain rights adequate to protect the interest of the
Borrower, the Bank and the Second-tier Institution including the
right:
      (a)   to ensure that the Eligible Intermediary undertakes to
            make Subloans in accordance with the provisions of the
            Reglamento and this Schedule, particularly Part C
            thereof;
     (b)    to ensure that Investment Projects and Subloans shall be
            evaluated in accordance with the Reglamento, that
            recommendations to the Second-tier Institution for
            approval of Subloans, as required by the Reglamento, are
            diligently and efficiently prepared and submitted to the
            Second-tier Institution, that Investment Projects and
            Subloans are diligently and efficiently monitored and
            actions thereunder recorded after the corresponding
            Participation Loan has been made and disbursements
            thereunder have begun, including the procurement actions
            executed under said Investment Projects, that remedial
            action is studied, recommended and pursued if shortfalls
            or deficiencies in the carrying out of an Investment
            Project are detected, and that remedies under the
            Participation Agreement are taken as and when required;
    (c)     to ensure, that under the Participation Agreement, each
            Eligible Intermediary shall undertake to cause each
            Investment Enterprise to provide the assurances and
            fulfill the requirements listed in paragraph 6 of Part
            C of this Schedule, and to discharge those and other
            obligations under the Participation Agreement;
     (d)    to suspend or terminate at any time, and after prior            
short-notice from the Second-tier Institution to the
            Eligible Intermediary in question, the right of such
            Intermediary to request financing of new Subloans under
            the Participation Agreement if, by applying the eligi-
            bility criteria set forth in the Reglamento, the Second-
            tier Institution concludes that the Intermediary's
            eligibility to participate in the Project should be
            suspended or terminated;
      (e)   to suspend or terminate the right of the Eligible Inter-
            mediary to use of the proceeds of the Participation Loan
            in question upon failure by the Eligible Intermediary to
            perform any of their respective obligations under the
            Participation Agreement, or to exercise any of its
            rights under a Subloan Agreement to be entered into by
            the Eligible Intermediary pursuant to paragraph 6 of
            Part C of this Schedule 8; and
     (f)    to obtain all such information as FCA or, through the
            latter, the Bank shall reasonably request relating to
            the foregoing, to the administration, operations and
            financial condition of the Eligible Intermediary or
            Investment Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived
            from the Investment Project, and to the audits and
            reports thereon to be performed and furnished, respec-
            tively, by the Eligible Intermediary in question to
            enable the Borrower to comply with the provisions of
            Section 4.01 of this Loan Agreement in respect of the
            separate accounts to be kept by such Eligible Inter-
            mediary for each Investment Project financed by such
            Intermediary.
Page  27
Part C.     Terms and Conditions of Subloans
1.    Each Subloan shall be denominated and payable in bolivares and
shall be repaid in full during the period agreed for that purpose
between the Eligible Intermediary and Investment Enterprise in
question. Such period, however, shall be governed by the same
principle stipulated in B.5 above.
2.    Interest and other charges on the principal withdrawn under
each Subloan and outstanding from time to time shall be freely
agreed between the Eligible Intermediary and Investment Enterprise
in question within the framework of Article 2 of the Resolution
mentioned in B.3 above.
3.    The proceeds of each Subloan shall be used exclusively to
finance, directly under said Subloan the reasonable cost of Eligible
Expenditures in respect of the Investment Project in question;
provided, however, that the amount of the Subloan shall, subject to
the provisions of Part B.1 above, not exceed 90% of said cost.
4.    No Eligible Expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing under a Subloan
out of the proceeds of the Loan unless:
      (a)   the Subloan for such Investment Project shall have been
            approved by the Eligible Intermediary in question, the
            Second-tier Institution and the Bank, and such Eligible
            Expenditures shall have been made not earlier than one
            hundred and eighty days prior to the date on which the
            Second-tier Institution and the Bank shall have received
            the application and information required under paragraph
            5 (a) of this Part of this Schedule in respect of such
            Subloan; or
      (b)   the Subloan for such Investment Project shall have been
            a Free-limit Subloan for which the Bank has authorized
            withdrawals from the Loan Account and such Eligible
            Expenditures shall have been made not earlier than one
            hundred and eighty days prior to the date on which the
            Bank shall have received the request and information
            required under paragraph 5 (b) of this Part C of this
            Schedule in respect of such Subloan. For the purposes of
            this Loan Agreement, a Free-limit Subloan shall be a
            Subloan for an Investment Project approved by the
            Second-tier Institution in an amount which shall not
            exceed the sum of $300,000 equivalent when added to any
            other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to be
            financed out of the proceeds of the Loan the foregoing
            amount being subject to change from time to time as
            determined by the Bank.
      (c)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b)
            above, the Second-tier Institution may delegate, in
            respect of selected Eligible Intermediaries and when the
            amount of the Subloan in question is lower than the
            equivalent of $150,000, the approval of such Subloan,
            provided, however, that the Borrower and the Bank shall
            review from time to time the adequacy of said amount. In
            respect of every Subloan for such lower amount submitted
            by the Second-tier Institution to the Bank for purposes
            of and in accordance with paragraphs (a) or (b) of 5
            below, as the case may be, with the exclusive approval
            of the Eligible Intermediary, it shall, be deemed that
            the Second-tier Institution has forfeited its right to
            approve said Subloan but nevertheless presents it to the
            Bank for approval or requests authorization to make
            withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the case may be,
            in respect of such Subloan.
5.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan (other than a Free-limit Sub-
loan) to the Bank for approval, the Second-tier Institution shall
furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory to the
Page  28
Bank, together with: (i) a description of the Investment Enterprise
and an appraisal of the Investment Project, including a description
of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Subloan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Subloan; (iii) the
evidence of the approval of the Subloan by the Second-tier Institu-
tion and a statement on the bases for doing so; and (iv) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by the Second-tier Institution for
authorization to make withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect
of a Free-limit Subloan shall contain: (i) a summary description of
the Investment Enterprise and the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the terms and conditions of the Subloan,
including the schedule of amortization therefor; and (iii) subject
to the provisions of Part C.4 (c) above, the evidence of the
approval of the Subloan by the Second-tier Institution and a
statement on the bases for doing so; and
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before June 30, 1995.
6.    Each Subloan to an Investment Enterprise shall be made under
and be governed by a Subloan Agreement under which the Eligible
Intermediary in question shall retain rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Borrower, the Bank, the Second-tier Institution and
the Eligible Intermediary in question, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial, managerial and
environmental standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require the Investment Enterprise to finance at least
10% of the Investment Project costs;
      (c)   require that: (i) the goods, works and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in
accordance with procurement procedures and award criteria governed
by efficiency and economy principles while observing the provisions
of paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines mentioned in Part A.1 of Schedule
4 to this Agreement; (ii) as part of the information to be provided
under subparagraphs (a) and (b) of paragraph 5 above, the said
procedures and criteria are clearly stated; (iii) together with the
first presentation or request to be made to the Bank by the Second-
tier Institution in connection with each Eligible Intermediary under
the said subparagraphs (a) or (b), as applicable, there is a full
disclosure of the applicable procurement procedures and award
criteria in respect of the Investment Project in question; and (iv)
such goods, works and services shall be used exclusively in the
carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (d)   inspect by itself or jointly with representatives of the
Bank or the Second-tier Institution if the Second-tier Institution
shall so request, the goods, works, plants and construction sites
included in the Investment Project, the operation thereof, and any
relevant records and documents;
      (e)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practices; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazard incidents to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
      (f)   obtain all such information as the Eligible Intermediary
or through the latter, the Bank or the Second-tier Institution shall
Page  29
reasonably request relating to the foregoing to the administration,
operations and financial condition of the Investment Enterprise and
to the benefits to be derived from the Investment Project and to the
audits and reports thereon to be performed and furnished, respec-
tively, by such Eligible Intermediary pursuant to the pertinent
provisions of the Reglamento and the corresponding Participation
Agreement in respect of the separate accounts to be kept by such
Intermediary in respect of each Investment Project; and
      (g)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Participation Loan in
question upon failure by such Investment Enterprise to perform its
obligations under the corresponding Subloan Agreement.
