Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3418 TUN
             (Gas Infrastructure Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated May 5, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3418 TUN
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 5, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) The Guarantor and Societe Tunisienne de l'Electr-
icite et du Gaz -- STEG (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Sche-dule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS: (B) By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
entered into by and between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has
agreed to extend to the Borrower a Loan in various currencies
equivalent to sixty million dollars ($60,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS: (C) The Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
Page  2
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor and the Bank shall, from time
to time, at the request of either party, exchange views with regard
to the Guarantor's gas pricing policies and its plans in respect of
the overall development of the gas energy sector.
      (b)   The Guarantor agrees, as long as it exercises, direct or
indirect, control over the setting of prices of the gas companies
(including the Borrower) operating within its territory, to
establish prices for gas sold by such companies which would allow
the companies, under conditions of efficient operation at reasonable
levels of capacity utilization, to cover their operating costs,
including taxes, earn an adequate return on funds invested in them,
meet their financial obligations and make a reasonable contribution
to future investment for expansion of capacity.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall take all action necessary to
maintain the domestic market prices of Refined Petroleum Products,
so as to ensure that at all times said prices shall reflect their
respective Economic Cost.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall, not later than June 30,
1994 and on the basis of a methodology acceptable to the Bank,
adjust its electricity tariffs so as to ensure that said tariffs
shall cover the Long Run Marginal Cost of electricity supplied
within the Borrower's territory.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall take all action necessary
to: (i) not later than June 30, 1994, cause the price of gas
Page  3
transferred from ETAP to the Borrower to reflect said gas' Economic
Cost; and (ii) promptly adjust both its gas and electricity tariffs,
so as to ensure that said tariffs shall reflect their Long Run
Marginal Cost of Supply.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall enter into contractual
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Borrower providing
for the Guarantor's and the Borrower's respective obligations for
the carrying out of the STEG Performance Plan, referred to in
Section 3.05 of the Loan Agreement, all with due diligence and ef-
ficiency; and
      (b)   The Guarantor shall exercise its rights and comply with
its obligations under said contractual arrangements in such a manner
so as to protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank, and to
execute the recommendations of the STEG Performance Plan and
accomplish the purposes of the Project, and, except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive any of the said contractual arrangements.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Planning and Regional Develop-
ment of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Planning and Regional
              Development
            Place Ali Zouaoui
            Tunis
            Republic of Tunisia
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MIPLAN                    15117
                   Tunis
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA
Page  4
                   By /s/ Ismail Khelil
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                   By /s/ C.K. Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
