Page  1
                                  CONFORMED COPY
                              CREDIT NUMBER 2467 GH
                                Project Agreement
                        (National Electrification Project)
                                    between
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPHENT ASSOCIATION
                                      and
                               VOLTA RIVER AUTHORITY
                                Dated June 9, 1993
                                        8
time of such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of servicing such
debt, or, in the absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
exchange acceptable to the Association.
     Section 4.05. VRA shall settle all bills payable through the
Clearing House System on a monthly basis.
     Section 4.06. VRA shall set aside and maintain, in foreign
exchange, funds equivalent to not less than the smaller of (a) the
amount of VRA's foreign exchange debt service obligation due during
the succeeding twelve-month period, and (b) the equivalent of
$25,000,000.
     Section 4.07. Until the completion of Part D of the Project,
VRA shall, not later than December 1 of each year, review with the
Association the composition of its capital expenditure program for
the five fiscal years immediately following such review together
with details of the financing plan prepared for such program.
     Section 4.08. VRA shall transmit to the Association, on a
quarterly-basis, a report detailing the funding requirements under
Parts C and D of the Project for the subsequent quarter and the
source of such funds.
Page  2
     Section 4.09. Sections 4.02, 4.03 and 4.05 of the Project
Agreement (Sixth Power Project), dated May 7, 1990, between the
Association and VRA, are hereby amended and restated in their
entirety as Sections 4.03, 4.04 and 4.06, respectively, of this
Agreement.
                           ARTICLE V
                Effective Date; Termination;
                cancellation and suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
