Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2109 GH
                             Project Agreement
                           (Sixth Power Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                           VOLTA RIVER AUTHORITY
                             Dated May 7, 1990
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2109 GH
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 7, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and VOLTA RIVER AUTHORITY (the Authority).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date between
the Republic of Ghana (the Borrower) and the Association, the Association
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifteen million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,200,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that the Authority agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and the Authority, the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to the Authority on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      (C)   the Authority, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement
and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
Page  2
therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. The Authority declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering, environmental and public utility practices, and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Authority shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Authority shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Authority shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Authority shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Authority shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by the Authority of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of the Authority
      Section 3.01. The Authority shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, engineering,
environmental and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. The Authority shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. The Authority shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Authority shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The Authority shall:
Page  3
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited; and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Authority shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until one year after the Association has received
                  the audit report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  disbursement from the Credit Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                  other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are included in the
                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Authority shall earn an annual return of not less than 8% of the average
current net value of the Authority's fixed assets in operation.
      (b)   Before December 1 in each of its fiscal years, the Authority
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by the Authority and satisfactory
to the Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following fiscal year
and shall furnish to the Association the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that the Authority would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for the Authority's fiscal years
covered by such review, the Authority shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its rates) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing the
                  Authority's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                  question by one half of the sum of the current net value
                  of the Authority's fixed assets in operation at the
                  beginning and at the end of that fiscal year.
Page  4
            (ii)  The term "net operating income" means total operating
                  revenues less total operating expenses.
            (iii) The term "total operating revenues" means revenues from
                  all sources related to operations.
            (iv)  The term "total operating expenses" means all expenses
                  related to operations, including administration, adequate
                  maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                  provision for depreciation on a straight-line basis at a
                  rate of not less than 2% per annum of the average current
                  gross value of the Authority's fixed assets in operation,
                  or other basis acceptable to the Association, but
                  excluding interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of the Authority's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one-half of
                  the sum of the gross value of the Authority's fixed
                  assets in operation at the beginning and at the end of
                  the fiscal year, as valued from time to time in
                  accordance with sound and consistently maintained methods
                  of valuation satisfactory to the Association.
            (vi)  The term "current net value of the Authority's fixed
                  assets in operation" means the gross value of the
                  Authority's fixed assets in operation less the amount of
                  accumulated depreciation, as valued from time to time in
                  accordance with sound and consistently maintained methods
                  of valuation satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Authority shall not incur any debt, unless the Authority's net revenues for
the fiscal year preceding the date of such incurrence or for a later twelve-
month period ended prior to the date of such incurrence, whichever is the
greater, shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated maximum debt service
requirement on all of the Authority's debt (including the debt to be
incurred) in any succeeding fiscal year (including the fiscal year in which
such debt is incurred).
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means all debt (including any
                  indebtedness assumed or guaranteed by the Authority) but
                  shall exclude:
                  (A)   debt representing money borrowed in the ordinary
                        course of business and maturing by its terms on
                        demand or not more than one year after the original
                        date of incurrence, provided that the amount of
                        such debt at any time outstanding shall not exceed
                        10% of the Authority's total operating expenses,
                        excluding depreciation for the preceding fiscal
                        year or any later 12-month period, whichever is
                        greater; and
                  (B)   debt which is incurred in the ordinary course of
                        business other than for money borrowed and which is
                        payable not more than one year after the original
                        date of its incurrence.
            (ii)  The term "incur" with reference to any debt shall include
                  any modification of the terms of payment of such debt.
                  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred on the date of
                  execution and delivery of the loan, contract or agreement
                  providing for such debt, and debt guaranteed by the
                  Authority shall be deemed to be incurred by it on the
                  date of execution and delivery of the agreement for such
                  guarantee.
            (iii) The term "net revenue" shall mean gross operating
                  revenue, adjusted to take account of rates for the sale
                  of electricity in effect at the time of incurrence of
Page  5
                  debt even though they were not in effect during the
                  fiscal year or 12-month period to which such revenues
                  relate, less all operating expenses, including adequate
                  maintenance and taxes, if any, but before provision for
                  depreciation and debt service requirements.
            (iv)  The term "debt service requirements" shall mean the
                  aggregate amount of principal repayments amortization
                  (including sinking fund payments, if any), and interest
                  and other charges on debt.
            (v)   Whenever it shall be necessary to value in the currency
                  of the Borrower debt payable in another currency, such
                  valuation shall be made on the basis of exchange at which
                  such other currency is obtainable by the Authority, at
                  the time such valuation is made, for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt or, if such other currency is not so
                  obtainable, at the rate of exchange that will be
                  reasonably determined by the Association.
      Section 4.04. The Authority shall take all measures practicable to
ensure that all bills for power supplied, or provided by the Authority to
its customers, are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective
power supply and other agreements.
      Section 4.05. In order to ensure the ability of the Authority to meet
at all times its foreign exchange debt service obligations, the Authority
shall set aside, in foreign exchange, funds equivalent to not less than the
Authority's annual foreign exchange debt service obligations.
      Section 4.06. Until the completion of the Project, the Authority
shall, not later than December 1 of each year, review with the Association
the composition of its capital expenditure program for the five fiscal years
immediately following such review together with details of the financing
plan prepared for such program.
      Section 4.07. (a) Except as the Association and the Authority shall
otherwise agree, the Authority shall, to the extent that it has an interest
therein and is obligated or entitled to do so, take all such reasonable
action as may be necessary to maintain in full force and effect, and to
secure the prompt and diligent performance by the parties thereto of, the
Scheduled Documents, the Subscription Agreement, the Long Term Tolling
Contracts, the Valco Current Accounts Trust, the Voting Trust Arrangements
and the managing agreement relating thereto.
      (b)   The Association and the Authority shall exchange views as to any
arbitration or any proceeding before the Referee contemplated or undertaken
pursuant to any of the documents specified in paragraph (a) of this Section.
The Authority shall promptly advise the Association of any such arbitration
or other proceeding contemplated or undertaken and shall give the
Association such information as the Association shall reasonably request to
enable the Association if it so desires to make its views thereon known to
the Authority in any such arbitration or other proceeding.
      Section 4.08. Except as the Association and the Authority shall
otherwise agree, the Authority shall not: (i) rescind or terminate the Power
Contract; or (ii) enter into an agreement to sell power or energy so as to
effect a reduction of the Contract Rate (as that term is defined in the
Power Contract) under Article 25 of the Power Contract.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of the Authority thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
Page  6
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify the Authority of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
                                                 64145 (WUI) or
                                                 82987 (FTCC)
      For the Authority:
            Chief Executive
            Volta River Authority
            P.O. Box M 77
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  VOLTA                         2343 GH
                  Accra
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of the Authority, or by the Authority on behalf of the Borrower under
the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Chief
Executive or such other person or persons as the Authority shall designate
in writing, and the Authority shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each
such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
Page  7
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  VOLTA RIVER AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ Eric K. Otoo
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and
II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Ghana may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Authority may grant a margin of preference
to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix
2 thereto.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the equivalent
of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Authority in carrying out the Project, the
Authority shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
Page  8
