Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3479 IRN
                     (Tehran Drainage Project)
                              between
                     ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 5, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3479 IRN
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 5, 1992,  between ISLAMIC RPUBLIC OF
IRAN (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Municipality of Tehran (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to seventy-seven million
dollars ($77,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
Page  2
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and commissions and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium,
if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance
of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in
the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Economic Affairs
              and Finance
            Nasser Khosrow Avenue
            Tehran, Iran
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINISTRY OF ECONOMIC      212838 MEF-IR
                    AFFAIRS AND FINANCE
                  TEHRAN
            For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
Page  3
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN
                  By /s/ Mohammed Khazaee Torshizi
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
