                                         CONFORMED COPY




                                    LOAN NUMBER 3149 PH




                    Loan Agreement


               (Debt Management Program)


                        between


              REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES


                          and


         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT




                Dated December 22, 1989

                                    LOAN NUMBER 3149 PH

                    LOAN AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT, dated December 22, 1989, between REPUBLIC
OF THE PHILIPPINES (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).

     WHEREAS: (A) the Bank has received a letter dated
December 7, 1989, from the Borrower describing the
Borrower's macro-economic policies, debt strategy, and
proposed actions designed to improve the efficiency and
level of public and private investment (the Program),
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of
the Program and requesting assistance from the Bank in
the financing of debt reduction operations during the
execution of the Program;

     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Bank has decided in support of the Program to provide
such assistance to the Borrower by making the Loan in two
tranches on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

                       ARTICLE I

            General Conditions; Definitions

     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January

1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:

     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 11, is modified to
read:

          "'Project' means the debt reduction operations
     that may be financed out of the proceeds of the
     Loan pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to
     the Loan Agreement.";

     (b)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;

     (c)  Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.07 (b), 9.08 and 9.09
are deleted;

     (d)  Section 9.07 (c) is modified to read:

          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Borrower and the Bank,
     the Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the Bank
     a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
     Bank shall reasonably request, on the execution of
     the Program referred to in the Preamble to the Loan
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
     Bank of their respective obligations under the Loan
     Agreement and the accomplishment of the purposes of
     the Loan.".

     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:

     (a)  "Closing Agent" means the Closing Agent or
similar agent appointed by the Borrower or its nominee
for the purposes of concluding the Debt Purchase
Agreements.

     (b)  "Debt Purchase" means the purchase of debt by
the Borrower pursuant to the Debt Purchase Agreements.

     (c)  "Debt Purchase Agreements" mean the agreements
resulting from the acceptance by the Borrower of the
tenders received in response to the Debt Purchase Offer
dated October 11, 1989 by the Central Bank of the
Philippines or any subsequent similar offer that may be
approved by the Bank for financing under the Loan.

     (d)  "Debt Cancellation Certificate" means the
certificate required to be submitted by the Closing Agent
under Paragraph 5 (b) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement,
certifying cancellation of the debt pursuant to the Debt
Purchase Agreements.

     (e)  "Financing Package" means the Borrower's
1989-90 Commercial Bank Financing Package.

     (f)  "Loan Trust Receipt and Undertakings means the
trust receipt and undertaking required to be submitted by
the Closing Agent under Paragraph 5 (b) of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement undertaking trust obligations and
acknowledging receipt of the Loan proceeds for the
purpose of Debt Purchase.

                      ARTICLE II

                       The Loan

     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, various currencies
that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the
amount of two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000),
being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan,
with each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of
such withdrawal.

     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule l to this Agreement.

     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1990 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.

     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of l%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.

     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, at a rate for each
Interest Period equal to the Cost of Qualified Borrowings
determined in respect of the preceding Semester, plus
one-half of one percent (l/2 of l%). On each of the dates
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
outstanding during the preceding Interest Period,
calculated at the rate applicable during such Interest
Period.

     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such
Semester.

     (c)  For the purposes of this Section:

          (i)  "Interest Period" means a six-month
               period ending on the date immediately
               preceding each date specified in Section
               2.06 of this Agreement, beginning with
               the Interest Period in which this
               Agreement is signed.

          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost, as reasonably determined by the
               Bank and expressed as a percentage per
               annum, of the outstanding borrowings of
               the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               excluding such borrowings or portions
               thereof as the Bank has allocated to
               fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B)
               loans which may be made by the Bank after
               July 1, 1989 bearing interest rates
               determined otherwise than as provided in
               paragraph (a) of this Section.

         (iii) "Semester" means the first six
               months or the second six months of a
               calendar year.

     (d)  On such date as the Bank may specify by no less
than six months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a),
(b) and (c) (iii) of this Section shall be amended to
read as follows:

          "(a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the

     principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
     outstanding from time to time, at a rate for each
     Quarter equal to the Cost of Qualified Borrowings
     determined in respect of the preceding Quarter,
     plus one-half of one percent (l/2 of l%). On each
     of the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this
     Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest accrued
     on the principal amount outstanding during the
     preceding Interest Period calculated at the rates
     applicable during such Interest Period."

          "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
     each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of
     the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in
     respect of such Quarter."

          "(c)  (iii)  'Quarter' means a three-month
     period commencing on January l, April l, July 1 or
     October 1 in a calendar year."

     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each
year.

     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.

     Section 2.08. (a) The Central Bank of the
Philippines is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required
or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 and Schedule l of this Agreement and Article V of
the General Conditions.

     (b)  Without limitation or restriction to the
foregoing, the Borrower hereby entrusts the Central Bank
of the Philippines with responsibility for the
preparation of withdrawal applications under the Loan and
for the collection of the documents and other evidence to
be furnished to the Bank in support of such applications.

                      ARTICLE III

                 Particular Covenants

     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall
from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the Project.

     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank for its review and
comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the Project, in such detail as the Bank
shall reasonably request.

     Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.

     (b)  The Borrower shall:

          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;

          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than four
               months after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and

         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records
               and accounts and the audit thereof
               as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.

                      ARTICLE IV

            Additional Event of Suspension

     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that a situation has arisen which
shall make it improbable that the Program or Financing
Package, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.

                       ARTICLE V

              Effective Date; Termination

     Section 5.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:

     (a)  that the Borrower has concluded Debt Purchase
Agreements covering debt aggregating at least $1.3
billion (or its equivalent in other currencies);

     (b)  that the Borrower has adequate resources
available for the Debt Purchase;

     (c)  that the Borrower has obtained the necessary
waivers from its creditor commercial banks to enable it
to make the Debt Purchase; and

     (d)  that the Borrower has adequate new money
available under the Financing Package.

     Section 5.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:

     (a)  that the Debt Purchase Agreements have been
duly authorized by the Borrower and are legal, valid,
binding and enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms;

     (b)  that the waivers, referred to in Section 5.01
(c) hereof, are legally binding and enforceable in
accordance with their respective terms.

     Section 5.03. The date fifteen (15) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.

                      ARTICLE VI

       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses

     Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of
this Agreement, the Secretary of Finance of the Borrower

is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.

     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions

     For the Borrower:

          Secretary of Finance
          Department of Finance
          Manila
          Philippines

          Cable Address:           Telex:

               MINFIN                7550 CBP-PH
               Manila               40268 CB-CONF

     For the Bank:

          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America

          Cable address:           Telex:

               INTBAFRAD             440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.      248423 (RCA) or
                                      64145 (WUI)

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.



               REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES


               By /s/ Franklin M. Ebdalin
                              Authorized Representative




               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT




               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia

                      SCHEDULE 1

        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan

1.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the Debt Purchase to be financed out of such proceeds
and any other debt reduction operation approved by the
Bank for financing under the Loan.

2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawal shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the
Bank, be made in respect of:

     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;

     (b)  Debt Purchase or any other debt reduction which
any national or international financing institution or
agency other than the Bank or the Borrower's financing
institutions shall have financed or agreed to finance
pursuant to any debt reduction arrangement.

3.   No withdrawal shall be made in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan unless:

     (a)  the Borrower furnishes evidence satisfactory to
the Bank that the actions specified in Schedule 3, Part
A to this Agreement have been taken by the Borrower;

     (b)  after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Loan
withdrawn from the Loan Account shall have reached the
equivalent of $150,000,000, the Bank is satisfied, after
an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank: (i)
with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program, (ii) that the actions
described in Schedule 3, Part B to this Agreement have
been taken, and (iii) the Borrower has obtained the
approval of the Bank for any offer of debt purchase or
other debt reduction operation.

4.   If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraph 3 (b) above, the Bank shall have given notice
to the Borrower that the progress achieved, actions taken
or proposals made are not satisfactory and, within 90
days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the
Bank, then the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower,
cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Loan or any part
thereof.

5.   (a)  The Borrower shall, subject to the provisions
of paragraphs (b) and (c) below, be entitled to withdraw
the proceeds of the Loan against the submission of the
Debt Cancellation Certificate or Loan Trust Receipt and
Undertaking or other instrument, in form and substance,
acceptable to the Bank.

     (b)  Except as the Borrower and the Bank may
otherwise agree, the proceeds of the Loan shall, in case
of the Debt Purchase, be disbursed directly to the
Closing Agent who is hereby authorized by the Borrower
to: (i) issue and submit the Debt Cancellation
Certificate, Loan Trust Receipt and Undertaking or other
instrument as may be required by the Bank, and (ii)
receive the proceeds of the Loan on behalf of the
Borrower and give a valid receipt there for.

     (c)  Disbursements for debt reduction operations,
other than the Debt Purchase, to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be made in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.

                      SCHEDULE 2

                 Amortization Schedule

                                   Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                        (expressed in
dollars)*

September 15, 1995                      3,645,000
March 15, 1996                          3,785,000
September 15, 1996                      3,930,000
March 15, 1997                          4,085,000
September 15, 1997                      4,240,000
March 15, 1998                          4,405,000
September 15, 1998                      4,575,000
March 15, 1999                          4,755,000
September 15, 1999                      4,940,000
March 15, 2000                          5,130,000
September 15, 2000                      5,325,000
March 15, 2001                          5,535,000
September 15, 2001                      5,745,000
March 15, 2002                          5,970,000
September 15, 2002                      6,200,000
March 15, 2003                          6,440,000
September 15, 2003                      6,690,000
March 15, 2004                          6,950,000
September 15, 2004                      7,220,000
March 15, 2005                          7,495,000
September 15, 2005                      7,790,000
March 15, 2006                          8,090,000
September 15, 2006                      8,400,000
March 15, 2007                          8,725,000
September 15, 2007                      9,065,000
March 15, 2008                          9,415,000
September 15, 2008                      9,780,000
March 15, 2009                         10,160,000
September 15, 2009                     10,550,000
March 15, 2010                         10,965,000

_______________________________

*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.

                Premiums on Prepayment

     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General
Conditions, the premium payable on the principal amount
of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid shall be the
percentage specified for the applicable time of
prepayment below:

     Time of Prepayment                 Premium

                              The interest rate (ex-
                              pressed as a percentage
                              per annum) applicable to
                              the Loan on the day of
                              prepayment multiplied by:


Not more than three years                    0.15
     before maturity

More than three years but                    0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity

More than six years but                      0.55
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity

More than eleven years but                   0.80
     not more than sixteen years
     before maturity

More than sixteen years but                  0.90

     not more than eighteen years
     before maturity

More than eighteen years                1.00
     before maturity

                      SCHEDULE 3

          Actions Referred to in Paragraph 3
            of Schedule 1 to this Agreement

1.   Issuance of revised Rules and Regulations or a new
order regarding procurement, satisfactory to the Bank, to
inter alia, improve the efficiency of procurement
practices in respect of Government purchases.

2.   Establishment of a Monitoring Unit within the
Committee on Official Development Assistance (CODA) of
the Borrower.

3.   Initiation of a program for awarding operation and
maintenance works to private contractors.

4.   Submission of terms of reference regarding the study
referred to in Paragraph 10 of Part B hereof.

Part B

1.   Satisfactory progress in the implementation of the
programs and compliance with the conditionalities under
the following loan agreements between the Borrower and
the Bank: (a) Economic Recovery Program (Loan No. 2787
PH), (b) Reform Program for Government Corporations (Loan
No. 2956 PH), and (c) the Financial Sector Adjustment
Loan (Loan No. 3049 PH).

2.   Maintenance of an adequate level and content of
public sector investment, by the Borrower, satisfactory
to the Bank.

3.   Administrative action required to streamline the
Borrower's overall procurement rules and procedures so as
to, inter alia: (a) permit greater delegation of
authority to implementing agency managers, and (b) devise
and apply specific standards in order to shorten contract
award period.

4.   Revision of Borrower's guidelines for the retention
of consultants to, inter alia, (a) lay down clear
criteria for obtaining specialists and firms, (b)
delegate substantial authority to implementing agencies,
and (c) establish specific standards with the aim of
ensuring that selection and award of consulting contracts
can be completed within sixty days.

5.   Delineation of scope and responsibility for internal
audits with the aim of: (a) reducing ex ante control and
establishing ex post accountability, and (b) establishing
clear demarkation lines in respect of ongoing internal
audits of agencies, annual audit of accounts, and
management audit; preparation and implementation of an
action plan in this regard.

6.   Simplification of administrative procedures and
implementation of an action plan, developed in
consultation with the Bank, to ensure timely and
dependable release of budgetary funds of the Borrower
allocated for public expenditures.

7.   Provision of an updated Medium-term Public
Investment Program integrated with the Medium Term
Technical Assistance Program of the Borrower to ensure

consistency and to direct such technical assistance
towards specific project preparation activities.
Development of an overall Financing Plan consistent with
the Medium Term Technical Assistance Program aimed at:
(a) ensuring coordination between project agencies and
official donors for project preparation, and (b)
facilitating timely commitment of funds and subsequent
implementation.

8.   Establishment of a Project Preparation Facility
administered by CODA with simple rules for agencies to
seek project preparation funding for projects included in
the Medium-term Public Investment Program.

9.   Implementation of the debt-equity conversion program
of the Borrower.

10.  Undertaking and completion of a study, satisfactory
to the Bank, concerning enhancement of the environment
for private investment, both domestic and foreign,
focusing in particular on the following issues: (a)
fiscal incentives, (b) regulatory framework, (c) role of
Board of Investments of the Borrower, and (d) technology
transfer arrangements.

11.  (a)  Undertaking and completion of a study, based on
generally established engineering and economic criteria,
to define the appropriate cycles and intensity of
maintenance efforts for major sectors, and (b) revising
and, where necessary, developing and adopting maintenance
manuals in respect thereof, satisfactory to the Bank.

