Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2223 IN
               (Second Technician Education Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                          STATE OF ASSAM
                         STATE OF HARYANA
                     STATE OF HIMACHAL PRADESH
                       STATE OF MAHARASHTRA
                          STATE OF PUNJAB
                        STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                       STATE OF WEST BENGAL
                      Dated December 16, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2223 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 16, 1991, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION and STATE OF ANDHRA
PRADESH, STATE OF ASSAM, STATE OF HARYANA, STATE OF
HIMACHAL PRADESH, STATE OF MAHARASHTRA, STATE OF PUNJAB,
STATE OF TAMIL NADU, and STATE OF WEST BENGAL, each
acting by its Governor.
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between India and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to two hundred
thirteen million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 213,500,000) on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that the Project States agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Project States, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Page  2
Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, and in the General Conditions (as so defined
in the Development Credit Agreement) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Project States declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropri-
ate administrative, financial, and educational practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, and except as the Associa-
tion and the Project States shall otherwise agree, the
Project States shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Project States shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition) in respect of
the Project Agreement, and their respective portions of
the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Project States shall, at the
request of the Association, exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of the Project,
the performance of their respective obligations under
this Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Project States shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or threat-
ens to interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by the Project States of their respective
obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Project States shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
Page  3
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Project States responsible
for carrying out their respective portions of the
Project.
      (b)   The Project States shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to
                  in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consis-
                  tently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than
                  nine months after the end of each such
                  year, a certified copy of the report of
                  such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Associa-
                  tion shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)       furnish to the Association such
                        other information concerning such
                        records, accounts and the audit
                        thereof as the Association shall
                        from time to time reasonably re-
                        quest.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of the Project States thereunder
shall terminate on the earlier of the following two
dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall have terminated in accor-
                  dance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date
                  of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Project States of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General Condi-
tions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
Page  4
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For State of Andhra Pradesh:
            Commissioner and E.O. Secretary
                  to Government, Technical Education
            5th Floor, BRKR Office
            Complex Building
            Tank Bund Road
            Hyderabad 500029
            Cable:                        Telex:
                  EDUCAP or TECHNED                425 6325
      For State of Assam:
            Commissioner and Secretary
            Government of Assam
            Education Department
            Kahilipara 781019
            Guwahati, Assam
            Cable:                        Telex:
                  ASSAM, DISPUR             235 2237 DIG IN
      For State of Haryana:
            Commissioner and Secretary Technical Education
            Government of Haryana
            Civil Secretariat
            Chandigarh
      For State of Himachal Pradesh:
            Commissioner cum Secretary (Education and
Personnel)
            Government of Himachal Pradesh
            Secretariat
            Shimla (H.P.)
            Cable:                        Telex:
              CARE CHIEFSEC                 391219 HP SECTT
              SHIMLA INDIA
      For State of Maharashtra:
            Principal Secretary (Technical and Higher
Education)
            Government of Maharashtra
            Mantralaya
Page  5
            Bombay 400021
                                          Telex:
                                           118 2443 DGPR-IN
      For State of Punjab:
            Secretary, Technical Education and Industrial
Training
            Punjab Civil Secretariat
            Chandigarh
                                                Telex:
                                                  208
      For State of Tamil Nadu:
            Secretary
            Government of Tamil Nadu
            Fort St. George
            Madras 60009
                                                Telex:
                                                  041 7400
      For State of West Bengal:
            Secretary, Higher Education
            Government of West Bengal
            Writer's Building
            Calcutta 700001
            Cable:
               EDNBENGAL
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of each of the
Project States may be taken or executed by its Chief
Secretary or such other person or persons as the con-
cerned Project State shall designate in writing, and each
of the Project States shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticat-
ed specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
Page  6
                  STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                  STATE OF ASSAM
                  STATE OF HARYANA
                  STATE OF HIMACHAL PRADESH
                  STATE OF MAHARASHTRA
                  STATE OF PUNJAB
                  STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                  STATE OF WEST BENGAL
                  By /s/ Lalit Mansingh
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, equipment and
vehicles shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for equipment
and vehicles shall be grouped in bid packages estimated
to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    (a)   Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) and (c)
hereof, contracts for civil works shall be awarded, on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Associa-
tion.
      (b)   Except as provided in sub-paragraph (c) hereof,
civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$300,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not
exceeding $46,000,000 equivalent, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three
contractors eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
      (c)   Civil works estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not exceeding $15,000,000, may be carried out by
force account under the supervision of Public Works
Department Construction Units or by contracts directly
negotiated with one qualified contractor in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    (a)   Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) and (c)
hereof, equipment and vehicles, estimated to cost less
Page  7
than the equivalent of $200,000 per contract up to an
aggregate amount not exceeding $35,200,000 equivalent,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   Except as provided in sub-paragraph (c) hereof,
equipment, off the shelf items or groups of items
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding
$16,000,000 equivalent, may be procured locally under
quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
      (c)   Equipment of a proprietary nature, up to an
aggregate amount of $2,300,000 equivalent, may be
procured under contracts negotiated directly with the
supplier of such equipment in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    (a)   Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) hereof,
contracts for furniture and books and instructional
materials, shall be awarded, on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with proce-
dures satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   Furniture, books and instructional materials,
off the shelf items or groups of items estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to
an aggregate amount not exceeding $7,300,000 equivalent,
may be procured locally under quotations solicited from
a list of at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement
            Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for: (i) civil
works, estimated to cost $300,000 or more, and (ii)
equipment, vehicles, furniture, books and instructional
materials, estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000
or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Associa-
tion prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
Page  8
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of the Development Credit Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower and the Project
States in carrying out their respective portions of the
Project, the Borrower and each of the Project States
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    The Project States shall (a) provide additional
staff to their respective Boards of Technical Education,
Directorates of Technical Education, State Project
Implementation Units, polytechnics, and other related
institutions in accordance with an agreed Schedule of
Deployment of Key Additional Staff, (b) institute, by
January 31, 1992, a Faculty Development System for
technical teachers in accordance with a plan satisfactory
to the Association.
2.    The Project States shall develop and expand diploma
programs for women and in conjunction therewith make
concurrent efforts, including the establishment of a
special cell in each women's polytechnic, to identify and
obtain suitable employment opportunities for women in new
disciplines.
3.    The Project States shall introduce in a phased
manner the Multi-Point Entry and Credit System in
selected disciplines and polytechnics.
4.    The Project States shall promote close interaction
of polytechnics with industry by (a) developing and
implementing Industry-Institute Interaction programs
satisfactory to the Association, (b) constituting an
Industry-Institute Interaction Cell at each of their
respective polytechnics and Directorates of Technical
Education, and (c) appointing advisory committees and
Industrial Liaison and Placement Officers to head the
said Industry-Institute Interaction Cells.
5.    The Project States shall, by December 31, 1991,
review the current practices and levels of internal
revenue generation for their respective polytechnics and
develop plans to increase internal revenue generation
through various ways and means.
6.    The Project States shall cause their respective
polytechnics to charge fees to recover the full costs for
continuing education programs being administered by them
for public and private sector industry.
7.    The Project States shall (a) provide adequate
resources for their respective polytechnics for the
maintenance of buildings and equipment, and (b) delegate
appropriate financial powers to polytechnic principals to
enable them to undertake annual maintenance programs at
their respective polytechnics.
Page  9
8.    The Project States shall prepare and furnish to the
Association by December 31 of each year, draft annual
plans for the next fiscal year for (a) the introduction
of new technician programs in their respective polytechn-
ics, (b) the construction of new and rehabilitation of
existing facilities, and (c) training of teachers
including local and foreign fellowships.
9.    The Project States shall (a) develop and establish
a Management Information System (MIS) in the State
Project Implementation Units for monitoring and supervi-
sion of the Project, (b) implement a supervision plan
agreed to by the Association, and (c) undertake, in
conjunction with each other and the Association, an
annual review of Project progress on the basis of
monitorable benchmarks agreed to by the Project States
and the Association.
10.   The Project States shall, by December 1, 1991,
jointly with the Borrower, develop and institute and
thereafter maintain fellowship training programs,
including study tours, agreed to by the Project States
and the Association.
