Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3740 EE
                         Tallinn Project Agreement
                 (District Heating Rehabilitation Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                          MUNICIPALITY OF TALLINN
                            Dated May 27, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3740 EE
                         TALLINN PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 27, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and the MUNICIPALITY OF TALLINN
(Tallinn).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Republic of Estonia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
thirty-eight million four hundred thousand dollars ($38,400,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that Tallinn agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and Tallinn, a portion of the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be relent to Tallinn on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Tallinn Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Tallinn, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the Loan
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined)
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. Tallinn declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out Parts B.1 and D.2 of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Parts B.1 and D.2 of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement
of the goods, works and services required for Parts B.1 and D.2 of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed
by the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Tallinn shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and Parts B.1 and D.2 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. Tallinn shall duly perform all its obligations under the
Tallinn Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Tallinn shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Tallinn Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Tallinn shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange
views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Parts B.1 and D.2 of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Tallinn Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Tallinn shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Parts B.1 and D.2
of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by Tallinn of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Tallinn Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. Tallinn shall: (a) by July 1, 1995, have completed the
first phase key steps towards restructuring its district heating companies,
which steps shall include, but not be limited to: corporate structure and
by-laws, opening balance sheet, basic operational management and
organizational systems with staff assigned, and key contracts in such areas
as: service license from Tallinn, bulk supply from heat producers, and
supply arrangements with customers; and (b) by July 1, 1997, have completed
the second phase key steps for detailed development of operational systems
including training of staff.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Management and Operations
      Section 3.01. Tallinn shall cause its district heating companies to
carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and public utility practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Tallinn shall at all times cause its district heating
companies to operate and maintain plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
Page  3
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. Tallinn shall cause its heating companies to take out
and maintain with responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory
to the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Tallinn shall and shall cause its district heating
companies to maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices their operations and financial condition
with respect to the Project.
      (b)   Tallinn shall, and shall cause:
            (i)   such records, accounts and financial statements (balance
                  sheets, statements of income and expenses and related
                  statements) for each fiscal year to be audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Bank;
           (ii)   to be furnished to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of such financial
                  statements or project accounts as the case may be for
                  such year as so audited, and (B) the report of such audit
                  by said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                  said records, accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Tallinn
shall ensure that its district heating companies participating in the
Project shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of such district heating companies shows that the
estimated net revenues of such district heating companies for each fiscal
year during the term of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.3 times
the estimated debt service requirements of such district heating companies
in such year including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of such district
                  heating company maturing by its terms more than one year
                  after the date on which it is originally incurred.
            (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a loan
                  contract or agreement or other instrument providing for
                  such debt or for the modification of its terms of payment
                  on the date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the date the
                  agreement providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources related to
                        operations and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to operations
                        including administration, adequate maintenance,
                        taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, but excluding
                        provision for depreciation, other non-cash
                        operating charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
Page  4
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those related
                        to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, incurred in the generation of revenues in
                        (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the aggregate
                  amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if
                  any) of, and interest and other charges on, debt.
            (vi)  The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast prepared
                  by such district heating company not earlier than twelve
                  months prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                  which both the Bank and Tallinn accept as reasonable and
                  as to which the Bank has notified such district heating
                  company of its acceptability, provided that no event has
                  occurred since such notification which has, or may
                  reasonably be expected in the future to have, a material
                  adverse effect on the financial condition or future
                  operating results of such district heating company.
          (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
                  necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the Bor-
                  rower, debt payable in another currency, such valuation
                  shall be made on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate
                  of exchange at which such other currency is, at the time
                  of such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such rate, on
                  the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. Tallinn shall cause its district heating companies to
prepare and furnish to the Bank annually during the Project implementation
period a report of the five year financial projections (beginning with its
1995 financial year) for such district heating companies.
      Section 4.04. Tallinn agrees, as long as it exercises control over the
setting of tariffs of its district heating companies, to establish tariffs
for such companies which would allow such companies, under conditions of
efficient operation at reasonable levels of capacity utilization, to cover
their costs of production, operations and maintenance, depreciation,
interest and make a reasonable contribution to reserves.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank and of
Tallinn thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement
shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify Tallinn thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
Page  5
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For Tallinn:
            Municipality of Tallinn
            Vabaduse Valjak 7
            EE0001 Tallinn
            Estonia
                                          Telex:
                                            173264 LINN EE
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of Tallinn may be taken or executed by the Mayor or such other person
or persons as the Mayor shall designate in writing, and Tallinn shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Wilfried Thalwitz
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                  MUNICIPALITY OF TALLINN
                  By /s/ Toomas Ilves
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                                Procurement
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be procured
Page  6
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those
set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in
paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is
delayed beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign
currency components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with this
Part A, Tallinn shall use the relevant standard bidding documents issued by
the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to
be necessary for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard
bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, Tallinn shall use bidding
documents based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for substations shall be grouped
into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Estonia may be granted
a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for office equipment and materials estimated
to cost less than $50,000 equivalent per item or group, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $100,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Items or groups of items for installation of district heating
equipment and supply of district heating equipment estimated to cost less
than $300,000 equivalent per item or group, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $2,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from at least three countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract awarded in accordance with the
procedures of Part A of this Schedule, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment
out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
Page  7
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not apply
to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan Account are to
be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
