Report No. PIC5507
Project Name                             Benin-Social Fund (+)
Region                                      Africa
Sector                                     Social Sector Adjustment
Project ID                               BJ-PA-35645
Borrower                              The Government of Benin
Implementing Agency                       Agence de Promotion des
Initiatives de Base (AGePIB)
02 BP 287
Cotonou, Benin
Ph: 229/305276
Date PID Prepared                  August 4, 1997
Projected Appraisal                        May 1997
Projected Board Date                     September 1997
Background. During the 1980s, Benin's economy steadily deteriorated
as a result of low-return investments, heavy external debt service,
inadequate incentives, an over-valued currency and a poorly managed
state-dominated modern sector. It reached an all-time low in 1989,
when anti-government demonstrations attained crisis proportions,
bringing the government apparatus to a virtual standstill. One and
a half years later, transition to multi-party democracy was
successfully accomplished, giving impetus to the shift toward
economic liberalization, but also highlighting the importance of
pursuing economic growth within a framework of social equity. The
structural adjustment process on which the country has embarked,
including the January 1994 CFAF devaluation, has had a positive
impact on GDP growth, while interventions in the education and
health sectors have improved the efficiency of social services. It
appears, however, that much remains to be done to enable the poor
to share the benefits of this recovery.
Project Rationale. The Government of Benin is aware of the
precarious situation in which the lower socio-economic strata find
themselves and of the need for targeted interventions if they are
to be full partners in the country's development. As a result, a
Social Dimension of Development program was adopted in 1992. In
June 1994, the Government presented to the donor community a
strategy comprising four elements: (a) strengthening the national
capacity to formulate and implement social policies, (b) monitoring
the living conditions of vulnerable groups, (c) promoting
community-based development through micro-projects, and (d)
promoting employment. While considerable donor assistance appears
to be at hand for the first, second and fourth components, the
Government of Benin has specifically requested World Bank
assistance to fund the third component through a project
establishing a social fund.
Project Objectives. The overall objective is to improve the living



conditions of the poor by making available to communities, or
groups within communities, the resources--financial and human--
necessary for implementing self-selected micro-projects. Supported
micro-projects must increase the poor's access to social services
or their income-earning capacity. By strengthening local and NGO
capacity for planning and implementing sustainable development
activities, the project also aims at increasing self-reliance,
facilitating ongoing decentralization efforts and building social
capital.
Project Description. The project has three components:
1. Financing of small socio-economic infrastructure (e.g.,
rehabilitation or extension of elementary schools and health
centers, installation of water points, construction of latrines,
repair of bridges and feeder roads) including the provision of the
technical training necessary for operation and maintenance of the
infrastructure. Micro-projects financed by the social fund will be
consistent with the sectoral policies and criteria, and they will
not overlap with intended investments under government programs. To
the extent that micro-projects selected by communities are
implemented by local small enterprises, the project will also
result in a strengthening of the private sector.
2. Support to income-generating activities through the development
of financial intermediation services for low-income groups, and
especially women. This support will be in the form of (a)
assistance to informal financial intermediaries that meet certain
performance criteria, through institution building grants and
technical assistance, and (b) social intermediation carried out by
selected intermediaries that will assist target groups in accessing
the services (credit in particular) of established formal financial
institutions.
3. Capacity building, both at the grass-root and intermediary
levels (NGOs), through information, training and short-term
technical assistance aimed at equipping beneficiaries with
organizational, managerial and strategic skills. In addition to
supporting capacity building activities, this component will
include a research and development fund that can be used to test
innovative approaches, develop new activities and fund small
studies necessary to improve the functioning of AGePIB.
Project Financing. The current cost estimates of US$18.5 million
are preliminary; the pilot phase underway should make it possible
to determine with greater precision the absorptive capacity of
beneficiaries. The Government and community contributions would be
about US$3.3 million and IDA will provide a loan of about US$15
million. Other donors, including GTZ and UNDP, are expected to
participate, but have not finalized their contributions (GTZ is
contributing to the pilot phase).
Project Implementation. As agreed during the June 1994 donor
roundtable, the social fund will be managed by AGePIB (Agence de
Promotion des Initiatives de Base), an independent agency which was
- 2-



established in August 1995 under the guidance of the ADSD
(Association des Dimensions Sociales du Developpement). Prior to
negotiations, AGePIB will acquire an independent legal identity
that, among other things, will entitle it to negotiate its own
financing agreements and to enter into contracts. AGePIB will have
an elected Board of Directors, comprising three representatives
from the government, three representatives of the civil society,
and one person chosen by donors to represent them. It will be
managed by a General Director and include a small staff of
technical experts.
AGePIB will evaluate, fund and monitor the micro-projects proposed
by the communities and implemented with the assistance of
intermediaries; all AGePIB actions and financing decisions will be
subject to the Operating Manual, which spells out criteria and
norms to be followed. Being primarily a financing agency, AGePIB
will sub-contract outreach, training and implementation activities
to intermediaries, that is, to NGOs (international or local) or
other private entities of proven competence. Intermediaries may in
turn work directly with grassroots communities or through
grassroots organizations. For the pilot phase, twenty consortiums
of intermediaries (weaker national NGOs coupled with international
NGOs) have been selected so as to cover all regions, but after the
pilot phase it will be possible for local NGOs to work
independently and for communities to submit their requests directly
to AGePIB. A Comite de pilotage composed of NGOs, interested donors
(World Bank, UNDP and GTZ) and government representatives is
assisting in the design of the project.
Lessons from experience. Social funds have proved to be an
important tool for channeling funds to the poor. Accumulated
experience has shown that the effectiveness of social funds depends
on several factors, such as a marked administrative autonomy,
coordination with public administration agencies, integration with
global and sectoral policies, flexible procurement and disbursement
requirements, a participatory approach, rigorous but simple
procedures, and strong political support. Accordingly, there has
been an endeavor to incorporate these elements in the design of
this social fund. As the project was initially conceived by the
government and is being prepared at their request, political
support is high. The creation of AGePIB ensures administrative
autonomy. The Operating Manual describes an implementation approach
in line with best practice (participation, coordination,
flexibility, etc.).
Rationale for IDA involvement. While other donors are funding other
parts of the government's poverty reduction strategy, the
government has specifically requested IDA's involvement in this
project, because of its considerable experience with social fund
operations across the world, and its capacity to act as an umbrella
agency and catalyst for other contributions. The project is also
part of the Bank's strategy for poverty reduction in Benin and
follows-up on the recommendations of the Poverty Assessment for
greater participation and a bottom-up approach in the fight against
poverty.
-3-



Poverty Category: poverty alleviation. The project is part of the
government poverty reduction strategy. It targets poor communities
and underprivileged groups (e.g., women). Poverty should be reduced
by: improved access to basic social services, increased human
capital (as a result of better access to social services and of
capacity building activities), increased social capital (as a
result of community development activities and NGO capacity
building), improved and expanded financial intermediation services
for low-income groups.
Environmental Aspects. Since the project is mainly focused on the
rehabilitation of small-scale infrastructure and on financing
micro-investments in the private sector, it is likely to have a
limited environmental impact, and has been given a category B
environmental rating. However, the Operating Manual will stress the
importance of environmental considerations in the evaluation of
proposed sub-projects, and will provide general guidelines for that
purpose. The Benin Environmental Agency will be able to provide
expertise for needed environmental assessments. In addition,
environmental education will be provided at the community level
through the capacity building component.
Project Objective Categories. The project will contribute to the
following POCs: (a) poverty alleviation, (b) capacity building; (c)
improved economic status of women, and (d) social infrastructure,
micro-enterprise development.
Participatory Approach. The whole project is firmly grounded in a
participatory, bottom-up approach. Micro-projects will be
identified by communities and/or target groups themselves, and the
Operating Manual requires intermediaries to use participatory
methods when working with beneficiaries. In addition, the capacity
building component will include training in participatory
techniques for project identification and implementation. The
involvement of civil society is being pursued through: (a) a series
of regional workshops to familiarize local government
representatives and NGOs with the project and seek their
suggestions; (b) the composition of the Board of Directors of
AGePIB, where the majority are representatives of the civil
society; and (c) the participation of NGOs in the Comite de
pilotage.
Project Benefits. The project will contribute to the Government's
poverty reduction program by providing essential basic assets and
services to poor communities. Local communities and grassroots
groups (especially women) will be empowered by learning how to
organize, analyze their needs, identify and evaluate feasible
solutions, design micro-projects to put into practice such
solutions, and manage their implementation. Intermediaries will
improve both their internal functioning and their effectiveness
with their clients. In addition, the program will support
decentralization and participatory development by strengthening the
capacity of NGOs, small local contractors, local government
structures and other facilitators of community development.
Project Sustainability. Steps taken to support the sustainability
-4 -



of AGePIB-funded micro-projects include: (i) an assessment of
community commitment and capacity which will ensure local ownership
and motivation to maintain assets created with AGePIB support; (ii)
capacity building and participative processes to strengthen the
involvement of local communities, with special attention to
maintenance arrangements (including choice of simple maintenance
technologies); (iii) community contributions to micro-project
costs, and contracts on their maintenance responsibilities; (iv)
where applicable, prior commitment from the relevant government
agency to support recurrent expenditures; and (v) capacity building
to provide communities with maintenance-related technical and
managerial skills.
Project Risks. The limited absorptive capacity of NGOs in Benin
represents a major risk for the successful implementation of the
project. This problem is mitigated by: (i) the existence of a pilot
project to stimulate NGO involvement and assess their capabilities;
(ii) making capacity building at the intermediate level a central
element of the project; (iii) the stimulus that increased demand
for NGOs' services may have on the supply and quality of such
services; and (iv) the capacity building effect of the ongoing
PILSA project and BINGOS program (USAID-financed training for
NGOs). A second risk is the possibility of duplication or
competition with ongoing similar efforts, such as PILSA. To
minimize this risk the social fund has been prepared in
coordination with existing efforts. Last, the possibility of
interference with sectoral and national policies may engender
difficulties for the implementation and sustainability of sub-
projects. This has been addressed in the Operating Manual by
stipulating that micro-projects be consistent with sectoral
policies and by requiring written approval of them by the competent
government agency.
Contact Point:             Maurizia Tovo, Task Manager
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 473-7579
Fax No.:   (202) 473-8065
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending August 22,
1997.
-5-



Annex
Environment
The environmental impact of the project is expected to be very
limited, as all the micro-realizations financed will be at the
community level and only a few of them will have any impact on the
environment. Because micro-realizations will be financed on demand
from the beneficiaries, it is difficult to estimate in advance how
many of them may have an impact on the environment.
Micro-realizations for whom an environmental assessment may need to
be carried out include:
installation of water points (wells or boreholes);
construction of latrines;
small civil works such as the construction of elementary schools
and storage sheds.
Potential environmental risks linked to the installation of water
points are related primarily to pollution or depletion of aquifers.
In addition, if water points are used by animals, overgrazing in
the area around the water point and subsequent soil degradation may
be a problem. Construction of latrines also carries some risk of
water pollution if the latrines are not properly sited. Small civil
works may lead to localized soil erosion and related environmental
damage
To avoid negative environmental consequences, the project is
working in close collaboration with the Benin Environmental Agency
(Agence Beninoise pour l'Environnement: ABE). Proposals for micro-
realizations submitted to AGePIB must be accompanied by an
environmental assessment form (developed by ABE) that will list the
potential negative environment impacts, if any, and the steps being
taken to minimize these impacts. If the first analyses indicate the
possibility of negative impacts, ABE has furnished a list of
people/organizations in Benin competent to carry-out the necessary
follow-up assessments. Projects will not be approved by AGePIB
until the assessments have been completed.
6
-6-



