Page  1
 CANADIAN CONTRIBUTION RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1910 SE
                Contribution Agreement
                        between
                 GOVERNMENT OF CANADA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
     (Relating to the Administration of a Canadian
         Contribution for the financing of the
            Social Dimensions of Adjustment
             Component of the Development
            Management Project in Senegal)
                  Dated March 2, 1989
 CANADIAN CONTRIBUTION RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1910 SE
                CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
          BETWEEN: Her Majesty the Queen in right of
          Canada, herein represented by the Secretary of
          State for External Affairs, acting through the
          Canadian International Development Agency
          (hereinafter referred to as "CIDA");
AND:      The International Development Association
          (hereinafter referred to as the
          "Association").
     WHEREAS, by an agreement dated June 9, 1988
(hereinafter referred to as the "Development Credit
Agreement"), the Association has agreed to grant a credit
to the Republic of Senegal to assist in financing a
project entitled the "Development Management Project"
which includes a Social Dimensions of Adjustment
component consisting of the establishment of a permanent
system of surveys on the standard of living of house-
holds, socioeconomic studies on the effects of adjustment
programs and related training (said component hereinafter
referred to as "the Project");
     WHEREAS CIDA has informed the Association that it
desires to provide a contribution, to be administered by
the Association, to assist in financing the Project;
     AND WHEREAS the purpose of this Agreement between
the Association and CIDA is to set out the terms and
Page  2
conditions concerning the administration of such
contribution;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
     Section 1.01. CIDA hereby appoints the Association
as Administrator of a contribution of funds in an amount
of two million United States dollars (US$2,000,000)
(hereinafter referred to as "the Contribution") in the
following manner:
     (a)  Upon the entry into force of this Agreement,
CIDA shall deposit an initial advance in the amount of
five hundred thousand Canadian dollars (Can$500,000) in
the account maintained with the Bank of Canada in the
name of the Association (hereinafter referred to as "the
T-Account").
     (b)  Subsequent advances shall be made by CIDA on a
quarterly basis, or at such other times as CIDA and the
Association may agree, upon the request of the
Association based on a statement estimating the
Contribution funds required for the Project during the
following quarter and after receipt by CIDA of the
statement of account for the preceding advance in
accordance with Section 3.01 of this Agreement.
     (c)  The Association may exchange the Contribution
funds in the T-Account for other currencies as may
facilitate their administration and commingle such funds
with other funds held in trust by the Association.
     (d)  The Association may invest and reinvest the
funds in the T-Account pending their disbursement. The
income therefrom shall be allocated between the
Contribution funds and other investable funds held in the
T-Account on a pro rata basis, and thereafter such income
that is allocated to the Contribution shall be available
for the purposes of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. The Association may deduct from the
Contribution funds a fee of forty thousand United States
dollars (US$40,000) to assist in the defrayment of the
costs of administration and other expenses incurred by
the Association under this Agreement. The Association may
deduct such fee in one or more installments at any time.
     Section 1.03. If unforeseen increases in
expenditures or commitments are expected or realized to
meet the current estimated cost of the Project (whether
due to inflationary factors, fluctuation in exchange
rates or unforeseen contingencies) the Association shall
notify CIDA, in writing, of this fact, and of the
estimated amount of the increases in expenditures or
commitments, as soon as possible. CIDA will consider
whether it will agree to increase its contribution to the
Project to cover such increases in expenditures or
commitments.
                      ARTICLE II
     Section 2.01. The Contribution shall be administered
by the Association for the purpose of meeting such costs
of the Project as set out in Annex A, which forms an
integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. The Association shall disburse from
the T-Account such amounts as from time to time shall be
needed to meet the costs of services financed or to be
Page  3
financed for the purposes of the Project. Such
disbursements shall be effected in accordance with the
Association's normal procedures.
     Section 2.03. The Association, as Administrator on
behalf of Canada, shall have the sole responsibility for
the supervision of the Project, including supervision of
the procurement of services, which shall be carried out
in accordance with procedures consistent with the
Association's guidelines for such procurement, provided
however that international experts, to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Contribution, shall be Canadian
citizens or landed immigrants in Canada.
     Section 2.04. The Association shall keep CIDA
informed of the progress of the Project by furnishing
CIDA with summaries of its supervision reports and by
providing in a timely manner to representatives of CIDA
the opportunity to participate in supervision missions
with respect to the Project. A copy of the Project
completion report prepared by the Republic of Senegal
pursuant to the terms of the Development Credit Agreement
shall be furnished to CIDA promptly after its receipt by
the Association.
     Section 2.05. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions under this
Agreement as it exercises with respect to the
administration and management of its own credits and
shall have no further responsibility to CIDA in respect
thereof.
     Section 2.06. The Association shall, as
administrator on behalf of CIDA, enter into a Canadian
Grant Agreement and such other arrangements with the
Republic of Senegal as are necessary to ensure the
successful implementation of the Project.
     Section 2.07. The administration and enforcement of
any provision of the Canadian Grant Agreement entered
into between the Republic of Senegal and the Association
for the purposes of this Agreement shall be handled
solely by the Association, and the Association
specifically reserves the right, at its discretion and
without notice to CIDA, to exercise, refrain from
exercising or waive any rights under such Canadian Grant
Agreement or to modify any provision thereof, provided,
however, that before suspending the right of the Republic
of Senegal to make withdrawals of funds under such
Canadian Grant Agreement, the Association shall inform
CIDA and afford CIDA a reasonable opportunity for
consultation with the Association.
                      ARTICLE III
     Section 3.01. The Association shall:
     (a)  maintain separate records and ledger accounts
in respect of the Contribution funds in the T-Account and
those disbursed by the Association pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement;
     (b)  furnish each quarter to CIDA a statement of
account in United States dollars on such records and
accounts;
     (c)  cause such records and accounts to be audited
and certified by the Association's external auditors for
each fiscal year that Contribution funds shall remain in
the T-Account; and
     (d)  forward the report of such audit by said
Page  4
auditors to CIDA.
     Section 3.02. The Association may deduct the costs
of such audits from the amount in the T-Account
attributable to the Contribution. In the event the amount
of the Contribution remaining in the T-Account is
insufficient to reimburse the Association for the costs
of any such audit, CIDA shall pay the Association
promptly upon demand such amount as is needed to fully
reimburse the Association for the cost of such audit.
                      ARTICLE IV
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date of the last signature and, subject to the
provisions of this Article, shall continue in effect
until all funds in the T-Account attributable to the
Contribution have been disbursed.
     Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of this Agreement can no longer
effectively or appropriately be carried out, this
Agreement may be terminated in whole or in part at the
initiative of such party ninety (90) days after giving
notice in writing to that effect, provided that such
termination shall not affect any agreements entered into
by the Association with respect to the Project prior to
receipt by- the Association of notice from CIDA of such
termination.
     Section 4.03. Upon termination of this Agreement,
the Association shall continue to hold unutilized
Contribution funds until the following conditions are
met:
     (a)  payment of all commitments incurred prior to
the date of termination of this Agreement; and
     (b)  production of the report required under Section
4.04 of this Agreement.
     Section 4.04. Not later than six months after the
end of the Association's fiscal year in which this
Agreement is terminated, the Association shall furnish to
CIDA a financial statement with respect to the
Contribution and the funds in the T-Account attributable
thereto, together with an opinion of the Association's
external auditors on such statement.
     Section 4.05. All unutilized funds of the
Contribution shall be returned by the Association,
through CIDA, to the Receiver General of Canada.
                       ARTICLE V
     Section 5.01. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 5.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be effectively given or made when it shall be
delivered by hand or by letter, facsimile, telegram, or
telex to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other addresses as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice
or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For CIDA:
Page  5
          Canadian International Development Agency
          200 Promenade du Portage
          Hull, Quebec, KlA OG4
          Canada
                                   Telex:
                                        053-4140
For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     Section 5.03. Any notice that is delivered shall be
deemed to have been received on delivery; any notice
given by facsimile, telegram or telex shall be deemed to
have been received when the facsimile, telegram or telex
is sent and the appropriate answerback is received; and
any notice given by letter shall be deemed to have been
received fourteen (14) calendar days after the date of
mailing.
                      ARTICLE VI
     Section 6.01. No member of the Canadian House of
Commons shall be admitted to any share or part of this
Agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom.
     Section 6.02. Any payment to be made by CIDA under
this Agreement is subject to the necessary appropriation
by the Parliament of Canada for the fiscal year in which
the payment is to be made.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being duly
authorized thereto, have signed the present Agreement in
duplicate.
               GOVERNMENT OF CANADA
               Canadian International Development Agency
               Name:  Andre Gingras
               Title: Vice President, a.i.
               Date:  March 2, 1989
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               International Development Association
Page  6
               Name:  Michael Gillette
               Title: Director, Sahelian Department
               Date: February 23, 1989
                        ANNEX A
         Description of the Project and Budget
1.   Project Description
     The Social Dimensions of Adjustment activities to be
financed by the Contribution include:
     (a)  establishment and operation of a permanent
system of surveys on the standard of living of
households;
     (b)  in-depth socioeconomic studies on the effects
of adjustment programs: (i) to improve such programs by
integrating social dimensions; and (ii) to identify
poverty-alleviation projects; and
     (c)  related training of Senegalese staff.
2.   Budget Estimates
                              (US$ equivalent)
     Contractual Staff             300,000
     Consultant Services           690,000
     Training                      390,000
     Studies                       580,000
          SUB-TOTAL              1,960,000
          Administration fee        40,000
          TOTAL                  2,000,000
                       *   *   *
The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1993.
