Page  1
                              CANADIAN GRANT RELATED TO
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1910 SE
               Canadian Grant Agreement
         (Relating to the Social Dimensions of
        Adjustment Component of the Development
            Management Project in Senegal)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
     as Administrator of the Canadian Contribution
                    provided by the
                 Government of Canada
                Dated February 26, 1990
        CANADIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1910 SE
               CANADIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 26, 1990, between the
REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL (the Beneficiary) and the
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as
Administrator (the Administrator) of the Contribution (as
hereinafter defined) provided by the Government of
Canada (Canada).
     WHEREAS the Beneficiary has requested the assistance
of Canada in financing the Social Dimensions of
Adjustment Component of the Development Management
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement (the Development Credit Agreement) between the
International Development Association and the Republic of
Senegal entered into on June 9, 1988, (said component
hereinafter referred to as the Project);
     WHEREAS by an agreement dated March 2, 1989, between
Canada and the International Development Association (the
Contribution Agreement), Canada has requested the
International Development Association, and the
International Development Association has accepted, to
administer an amount of two million United States dollars
(US$2,000,000) (the Contribution) in accordance with the
provisions of the Contribution Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Beneficiary acknowledges that the
financial assistance extended to the Beneficiary under
this Agreement shall be considered as part of the
bilateral development aid extended by Canada to the
Page  2
Beneficiary;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement subject, however, to the
following modifications thereof:
     (a)  the term "Association", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Contribution
except in the phrase "member of the Association" in
Sections 2.01 (5) and 6.02 (e) (i);
     (b)  the term "Development Credit Agreement"
whenever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (c)  the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Contribution extended to the
Beneficiary under this Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the account opened in the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the name of the
Administrator to which the amount of the Contribution is
credited;
     (e)  in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall
also include the International Development Association
acting in its own capacity;
     (f)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Beneficiary and the
     Administrator, the Beneficiary shall prepare and
     furnish to the Administrator a report, of such
     scope and in such detail as the Administrator shall
     reasonably request, on the execution of the project
     referred to in the Preamble to the Canadian Grant
     Agreement, the performance by the Beneficiary and
     the Administrator of their respective obligations
     under the Canadian Grant Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the
     Contribution.";
     (g)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03,
4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05 of the
General Conditions are deleted; and
     (h)  the term "Borrower", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the Beneficiary.
     Section 1.02. Whenever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Development Credit Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth, and the
term "T-Account" means the account opened in the Bank of
Canada in the name of the Administrator to which the
amount of the Contribution is credited.
                      ARTICLE II
Page  3
                   The Contribution
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Beneficiary, on the terms and conditions herein set
forth or referred to, a Contribution in an amount of up
to one million nine hundred sixty thousand United States
dollars (US$1,960,000, or such other amount as shall
have been made available by Canada to the Administrator
for this purpose pursuant to the Contribution Agreement.
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Contribution may be
withdrawn from the T-Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or if the Administrator shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
services and related expenses required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Contribution.
     Section 2.03. Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, contracts for services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Contribution shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement, provided, however, that the Beneficiary
shall employ, as international experts, Canadian
citizens, landed immigrants in Canada or citizens of
Senegal to carry out such services.
     Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1994 or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Beneficiary of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, Sections 3.01, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 4.01 and
5.01 of the Development Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and
effect as if they were fully set forth herein, it being
understood that all references in said sections to "the
Association" shall be deemed to be references to the
Association acting as Administrator of the Contribution
under this Agreement, all references to the "Credit" and
the "Credit Account" shall be deemed to be references to
the Contribution and the T-Account, respectively, and all
references to the Borrower shall be deemed to be
references to the Beneficiary.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination
     Section 4.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, namely that all conditions precedent
to be effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
have been fulfilled.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement shall continue in
effect until termination of the Contribution Agreement,
or until the Contribution has been fully disbursed and
the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations hereunder, whichever occurs first.
                       ARTICLE V
Page  4
          Representation; Transfer of Rights
                    and Obligations
     Section 5.01. The Minister of the Beneficiary
responsible for Finance shall be the representative of
the Beneficiary for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Beneficiary:
          Ministry of Economy and Finance
          Rue Charles Laine
          B.P. 4017
          Dakar, Senegal
          Cable address:                Telex:
               MINIFINANCES             3203 SG
               Dakar, Senegal
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     Section 5.03. In accordance with the Contribution
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
Canada. The Beneficiary accepts and agrees that, upon
notice by the Administrator to the Beneficiary to that
effect, Canada shall, ipso facto, from the date specified
in such notice, be substituted in all rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement as
if Canada had been an original party to this Agreement,
without any further action or formality required on the
part of any party, and from such date the Administrator
shall cease to have any rights or obligations as a party
under this Agreement.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
               REPUBLIC OF SENEGAL
               By /s/ Ibra Deguene Ka
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  5
                    as Administrator of the Canadian
                    Contribution provided by the
                    Government of Canada
               By /s/ Michael J. Gillette
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
    Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Contribution
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Contribution,
the allocation of the amounts of the Contribution to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so
to be financed in each Category:
       Amount of the
  Contribution Allocated             % of
      (Expressed in $            Expenditures
CategoryEquivalent)             to be Financed
(1)    Contractual        300,000       100%
   staff
(2)    Consultants'     1,270,000       100%
   services and
   studies
(3)    Training         390,000         100%
   TOTAL              1,960,000
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to June 9, 1988.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The Social Dimension of Adjustment activities to be
financed by the Contribution include:
     (a)  establishment and operation of a permanent
system of surveys on the standard of living of
households;
     (b)  in-depth socio-economic studies on the effects
of adjustment programs: (i) to improve such programs by
integrating social dimensions; and (ii) to identify
poverty-alleviation projects; and
     (c)  related training of Senegalese staff.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1993.
