Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3450 KO
                (Pusan and Taejon Sewerage Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                       PUSAN CITY GOVERNMENT
                        Dated May 21, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3450 KO
                      PUSAN PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 21, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PUSAN CITY GOVERNMENT
(Pusan).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Korea (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to forty million dollars ($40,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that Pusan agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Pusan, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to Pusan on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Pusan Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Pusan, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Pusan declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, environmental, engineering and public
utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part A of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and Pusan shall otherwise
agree, Pusan shall carry out Part A of the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods required for Part A of the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Pusan shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Pusan Project Agreement and
Part A of the Project.
      Section 2.04. Pusan shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Pusan Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, Pusan shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Pusan Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Pusan shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of Part A of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Pusan Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Pusan shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by Pusan of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Pusan Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Pusan shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part A of the Project and of the
departments or agencies of Pusan responsible for carrying out Part
A of the Project or any part thereof.
Page  3
      (b)   Pusan shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Pusan shall take all steps necessary to establish, maintain and
collect sewerage charges at such levels so as to produce revenues,
for each fiscal year commencing in the fiscal year 1993:
            (i)    covering, with respect to sewerage activities,
                   operation and maintenance costs, including
                   depreciation, and debt service payments in
                   excess of depreciation;
           (ii)    yielding an annual return of not less than 5% of
                   the average current net value of Pusan's fixed
                   sewerage assets in operation; and
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The annual return shall be calculated by
                   dividing Pusan's net operating income from
                   sewerage activities for the fiscal year in
                   question by one half of the sum of the current
                   net value of Pusan's fixed sewerage assets in
                   operation at the beginning and at the end of
                   that fiscal year.
           (ii)    The term "net operating income" means total
                   operating revenues less total operating
                   expenses.
          (iii)    The term "total operating revenues" means
                   revenues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)    The term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to sewerage operations,
                   including administration, adequate maintenance,
                   taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                   provision for depreciation on a straight-line
                   basis at a rate of not less than 2.6% per annum
                   of the average current gross value of Pusan's
                   fixed sewerage assets in operation, or other
                   basis acceptable to the Bank, but excluding
                   interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)    The average current gross value of Pusan's fixed
                   sewerage assets in operation shall be calculated
                   as one half of the sum of the gross value of
                   Pusan's fixed sewerage assets in operation at
                   the beginning and at the end of the fiscal year,
                   as valued from time to time in accordance with
                   sound and consistently maintained methods of
                   valuation satisfactory to the Bank.
           (vi)    The term "current net value of Pusan's fixed
Page  4
                   sewerage assets in operation" means the gross
                   value of Pusan's fixed sewerage assets in
                   operation less the amount of accumulated
                   depreciation, as valued from time to time in
                   accordance with sound and consistently
                   maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                   the Bank.
      Section 3.03. Pusan shall revalue from time to time its fixed
sewerage assets on the basis required by the relevant laws of the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Pusan thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Pusan thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
     For Pusan:
            City Government of Pusan
            Construction Bureau
            Chung-Ku
            Pusan
            Republic of Korea
                                     Telex:
                                       Public P K53115 ext. 111
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Page  5
Agreement on behalf of Pusan may be taken or executed by the Mayor
of Pusan or such other person or persons as the Mayor of Pusan shall
designate in writing, and Pusan shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                            RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               /s/ G. Kaji
                         By
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                         PUSAN CITY GOVERNMENT
                               /s/ Koo, Bohn Young
                         By
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
1.    Terms of the Loan to be granted by the Borrower to Pusan under
the Pusan Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall be granted on terms
identical to those of the Loan, with the addition of a handling
charge of 0.05% per annum.
2.    Pusan shall complete, by December 31, 1992, the updating of
the Pusan Sewerage Master Plan.
3.    Pusan shall, by not later than June 30, 1994, furnish to the
Bank an environmental monitoring program satisfactory to the Bank,
and shall by such date commence to implement such environmental
monitoring program in a manner satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    Pusan shall, without limitation or restriction to the
provisions of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions:
      (a)   by September 30, 1992, and by March 31 and September 30
of each year thereafter, furnish to the Bank a semi-annual report on
the progress of Part A of the Project, including revised cost
estimates and implementation schedules; and
      (b)   by September 30, 1992, and by September 30 of each year
thereafter, furnish to the Bank updated financial projections for
its sewerage activities.
