Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2570 YEM
                   Development Credit Agreement
               (Education Sector Investment Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 23, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2570 YEM
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 23, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the OPEC Fund for
International Development (Cofinancier) a loan in an amount
equivalent to about $8,000,000 to assist in financing the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the Cofinancing
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and the
Cofinancier; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Higher Council" means the Council chaired by the
Minister of Education and including representatives from the
Ministries of Planning and Development and of Social Services and
Labor, and the Secretary of the High Tender Board responsible for:
(a) approving proposed Sub-projects; (b) reviewing progress reports
and recommending actions; (c) authorizing resources for Sub-
projects; and (d) evaluating progress of the Planned Change Program;
      (b)   "MOE" means the Ministry of Education of the Borrower;
      (c)   "National Community College Council" means the Council
to be established pursuant to Part C (2) of the Project, as
described in Schedule 2 and in Paragraph 5 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;
      (d)   "PDMA" means the Project Development and Monitoring
Agency, a semi-autonomous agency established and operating pursuant
to the Prime Ministerial Decree issued on January 24, 1994;
      (e)   "Planned Change Program" means the Borrower's 1994-2000
plan of actions and performance targets set forth in a letter dated
October 16, 1993, for the first phase of its Sector Development
Policy, as the same may be revised from time to time in accordance
with the provisions of Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (f)   "Sector Development Policy Statement" means the
Borrower's program set forth in a letter dated October 16, 1993, to
improve the quality of secondary and post-secondary education
through: (a) enhancing the learning achievements of secondary
students with special emphasis on science and mathematics education
and quality of teaching; (b) improving the access of girls to
secondary education; and (c) establishing labor market-oriented two-
year post-secondary education programs;
      (g)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (h)   "Sub-project" means a specific investment project under
the Project and included in the following Change Areas: physical
facilities, teacher performance, curriculum development, school
management, learning resources, evaluation, female access, and
community colleges.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-three million nine hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 23,900,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Page  3
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in United States Dollars a special deposit account
in Central Bank of Yemen on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 2001, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
May 1, 2004, and ending November 1, 2033. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on November 1, 2013 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
Page  4
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                              ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through the
PDMA with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate educational, administrative and financial practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Sector Development Policy Statement, the Planned
Change Program and the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall enter into agreements
with PDMA satisfactory to the Association, providing, inter alia,
for: (i) the institutional and operational arrangements to be
undertaken by PDMA for the preparation, approval and execution of
the Sub-projects; (ii) their obligation to carry out the Sub-
projects with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
appropriate educational, administrative and financial practices; and
(iii) the establishment and operation of separate records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
each Sub-project.
      (b)   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not amend or fail to enforce the provisions of the
agreements referred to in paragraph (a) of this section.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) cause the Project
Development Unit of PDMA to appraise new Sub-projects in accordance
with guidelines, criteria and procedures acceptable to the
Association; and (ii) cause the Higher Council to consider new Sub-
projects for approval, following for such purposes guidelines,
procedures and criteria acceptable to the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall present to the Association for
approval not later than one month prior to the scheduled start of
implementation: all Sub-projects the implementation of which is
scheduled to commence during the one-year period commencing after
the Effective Date of this Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall: (i) when presenting a Sub-project to
the Association for approval pursuant to the provisions of paragraph
(b) above, furnish to the Association an appraisal report concerning
the Sub-project and other items of information for such purposes as
the Association shall reasonably request; and (ii) in respect of
Sub-projects not requiring prior Association approval pursuant to
the provisions of paragraph (b) above, retain all data presented for
purposes of obtaining the Higher Council's approval pursuant to
subparagraph (a) (ii) above, and shall enable the Association's
representatives to examine such data and provide the Association
with all such information in respect of such Sub-projects as the
Association shall reasonably request.
Page  5
      (d)   The Borrower shall not permit a change to be made in the
scope of a Sub-project which has been approved by the Higher Council
or the Association pursuant to the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b)
and (c) above without the concurrence of the Higher Council or the
Association, as the case may be.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
Page  6
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Cofinancing Agreement shall have failed to become
effective by July 1, 1995, or such later date as the Association may
agree; provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph
shall not apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of
the Association that adequate funds for the Project are available to
the Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions consistent
with the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      (b)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
            (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified: any event
specified in paragraph (b) (i) (B) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement
shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) (ii) of that
Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                            Termination
      Section 6.01. The date two hundred forty (240) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Planning and Development of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Development
Page  7
            P.O. Box 175
            Sana'a
            Republic of Yemen
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   CENPLAN                   2266 CENPLAN YE
                   Sana'a
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                         By /s/ Mohsin A. Alaini
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Caio K. Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil Works               5,900,000        85%
     under Part A(1)
     of the Project
(2)  Equipment, Fur-           9,600,000        100% of foreign
     niture, Printing,                          expenditures and
     Supplies, Educa-                           90% of local
Page  8
     tion Materials and                         expenditures
     Vehicles under
     Parts A and B of
     the Project
(3)  Consultants'              6,000,000        100 % of foreign
     services and                               expenditures and
     fellowships                                90% of local
                                                expenditures
(4)  Unallocated               2,400,000
                              __________
     TOTAL                    23,900,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods, works, or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods, works, or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
such expenditures and under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in
improving the quality of secondary and post-secondary education and
to strengthen the institutions and operations of the education
sector through implementation of the first phase in 1994-2000 of its
Sector Development Policy Statement.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Enhancing Learning Achievement in Secondary Schools
(1)   Educational Facility Improvement. Carrying out a program
throughout the territory of the Borrower to improve secondary
educational facilities, including: (i) construction of secondary
level classrooms and schools in order to reduce overcrowded classes
in urban areas, to expand the enrollment of girls in urban areas,
and to provide separate educational facilities for secondary pupils;
(ii) provision of science and other school equipment as well as
furniture to secondary schools; and (iii) establishment of
procedures for maintenance of secondary school buildings and
equipment.
(2)   Teacher Performance. Carrying out a program to improve
secondary teacher performance, including development of training
modules, provision of summer schools, and school-based training.
(3)   Curriculum Development. Carrying out a program to revise
secondary curricula, including: (i) development and production of
textbooks and teacher guides in all subjects, beginning with
mathematics, science and environmental education; and (ii)
strengthening the capacity of the Curriculum Development Department
Page  9
of the Educational Research and Development Center for sustained
curriculum development.
(4)   School Management. Carrying out a program to improve
management of secondary schools, including: (i) establishment of a
computer-based information system to monitor the progress of the
Planned Change Program and to assist the MOE in planning and
development of the secondary school system; and (ii) provision of
training for upgrading management skills and effectiveness of
headmasters, inspectors and supervisors.
(5)   Learning Resources. Carrying out a program to improve learning
resources and increase utilization of educational technology,
including: (i) development of science kits and provision of books to
school libraries; (ii) introduction of pilot projects for use of
computers, television and VCR in teaching; and (iii) provision of
audio-visual facilities.
(6)   Evaluation. Carrying out a program to improve the reliability,
comparability and validity of the student assessment system,
including: (i) strengthening the institutional capability of the
General Directorates for Evaluation, Guidance and Supervision of the
MOE; (ii) provision of a student assessment manual for teachers,
supervisors and headmasters; (iii) establishment of a national
system of Comprehensive Achievement Tests in grades 9 and 12; and
(iv) development of an integrated system of in-school assessment to
emphasize development of students' higher cognitive skills and
abilities.
Part B:     Access of Females to Secondary Education
(1)   Educational Facilities. Carrying out a program in currently
underserved areas in six Governorates to provide additional schools,
classrooms, equipment and furniture for increased access to
secondary educational facilities for girls.
(2)   Home-Based Education. Carrying out a pilot home-based learning
program for girls in rural areas who have completed primary
education.
(3)   Media Campaign. Carrying out a media campaign to facilitate
and promote the education of girls.
(4)   Career Advancement. Carrying out a program to provide career
advancement opportunities for women teachers as counsellors,
headmasters and supervisors.
Part C:     Post-Secondary Education
(1)   Community College System. Carrying out a program to establish
a nation-wide community college system, including establishment of
the Sana'a Community College and the Aden Community College.
(2)   National Community College Council. Establishment of a
National Community College Council for development of policies and
academic and operational standards for the Community College System.
(3)   Technical Teacher Education. Establishment and development of
a technical teacher education department and program to train
qualified teachers and administrators for the Community College
System.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 2001.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  10
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Association in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Republic of
Yemen may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for civil works, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$2,000,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $10,000,000, may be awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $3,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from at least two different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent of
$50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $400,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.    Contracts for printing may be awarded after direct
negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract, the procedures set forth
Page  11
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981. For complex,
time-based assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use other
standard forms agreed with the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
1.    (a)   For the purpose of ensuring the proper coordination and
execution of the Sector Development Policy Statement and the Planned
Change Program, the Borrower shall continue to maintain the Higher
Council, chaired by the Minister of Education, and consisting of the
Secretary of the High Tender Board, and representatives from the
Ministries of Planning and Development, Social Services and Labor.
      (b)   The functions of said Higher Council shall include,
inter alia, responsibility for making recommendations to solve
issues arising in the course of carrying out the Sector Development
Policy Statement, the Planned Change Program, and the Project.
2.    The Borrower shall maintain the PDMA for the purposes of
planning, implementing and coordinating the execution of the Sector
Development Policy Statement, the Planned Change Program and the
Project with organization, staffing and terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    The Borrower shall appoint individuals with qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Association on terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association for the following positions to
supervise related Sub-projects for each Change Area of the Planned
Change Program:
      (a)   a Policy Board consisting of four members, chaired by a
senior MOE official or an eminent educator, and other members of
Policy Boards for interrelated Change Areas, to ensure timely
coordination of interrelated Sub-projects and conformity with MOE
policy;
      (b)   an Expert Advisory Group, consisting of no more than
four eminent professionals with expertise in the design, technical
aspects of implementation, and evaluation methods for each Change
Area; and
Page  12
      (c)   a Sub-project Director, to execute action plans approved
by the Higher Council, manage resources allocated to the Sub-
project, seek guidance from the relevant Policy Board and Expert
Advisory Group, prepare biannual progress reports on Sub-project
activities, and liaise with the PDMA on all procurement and
financial matters.
4.    The Borrower shall nominate individuals with qualifications
and experience satisfactory to the Association on terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association to fill the positions of Interim
Directors for the Sana'a and Aden Community Colleges.
5.    For the purpose of ensuring the proper development and
coordination of the Community College System, the Borrower, by March
31, 1994, shall appoint duly qualified individuals to the National
Community College Council, a majority of whom shall be from the
private sector.
6.    The Borrower shall introduce fees for attendance of the
Community College system, satisfactory to the Association, by
June 30, 1995.
7.    The Borrower shall commence technical teacher training
programs for Community Colleges at the University of Sana'a Faculty
of Education by October 1, 1994.
8.    The Borrower shall provide to the Association for its review
and comments, by December 31, 1997, a detailed report to facilitate
a mid-project evaluation, concerning project implementation to date.
Upon completion of the evaluation, the Borrower shall discuss
recommendations for an action plan with the Association and shall
thereafter implement the action plan according to a schedule
satisfactory to the Association.
9.    Until completion of the Project, the Borrower shall include in
each annual budget of the MOE: (a) amounts required to provide funds
for the estimated yearly costs of the Project and the Planned Change
Program; and (b) amounts required for quality improvement.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1), (2)
and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $400,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
Page  13
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
Page  14
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
