Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3495 VE
                         Project Agreement
             (Low-Income Barrios Improvement Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  FUNDACION PARA EL DESAROLLO DE
                 LA COMUNIDAD Y FOMENTO MUNICIPAL
                       Dated March 17, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3495 VE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 17, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and FUNDACION PARA EL
DESAROLLO DE LA COMUNIDAD Y FOMENTO MUNICIPAL (FUNDACOMUN).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republica de Venezuela (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to forty million dollars ($40,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that FUNDACOMUN agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS FUNDACOMUN, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) FUNDACOMUN declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, with the
participation of the Fiduciary in connection with Part A thereof,
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, technical, environmental and public
utility practices, and the Operational Manual and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   FUNDACOMUN shall enter into an agreement, satisfactory
to the Bank, with the Fiduciary for purposes of, inter alia,
transferring to the Fiduciary the proceeds of the Loan required to
make Subloans under Part A of the Project.
      (c)   FUNDACOMUN shall cause the Fiduciary, under the
Fiduciary Agreement, to make Subloans in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and the Operational Manual.
      (d)   FUNDACOMUN shall enter into Participation Agreements and
Subproject Agreements with each Eligible Municipality, all on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, as set forth in the
Operational Manual, including those provided in Schedules 1 and 2 to
this Agreement.
      (e)   FUNDACOMUN shall exercise its rights under the Fiduciary
Agreement, each Participation Agreement and each Subproject
Agreement in such a manner as to protect the interest of the Bank
and the Borrower, comply with its obligations under this Agreement
and accomplish the purposes of the Project. Unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, FUNDACOMUN shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Fiduciary Agreement, any Participation Agreement or any
Subproject Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (f)   FUNDACOMUN shall cause the Fiduciary, under the
Fiduciary Agreement, to: (a) exercise its rights under each Subloan
Agreement in such a manner as to protect the interest of the Bank,
the Borrower and FUNDACOMUN; and (b) not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving any Subloan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.02. (a)  FUNDACOMUN shall refrain from presenting to
the Bank any Subloan for approval, and the Bank shall not approve
any Subloan, if the Central Bank should, at any time, cease to
calculate or publish the Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate
shall, at any time, fail to reflect, in the opinion of the Bank, a
rate freely determined between the respective parties.
      (b)   FUNDACOMUN shall provide the Bank, on a monthly basis,
with all information on the Reference Rate as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
      Section 2.03. FUNDACOMUN shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insur-
ance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect
of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) FUNDACOMUN shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Page  3
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Fiduciary Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   FUNDACOMUN shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan,
or the performance by FUNDACOMUN of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Fiduciary Agreement.
      Section 2.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works, goods and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (b)   In the procurement of works and goods under the Project,
FUNDACOMUN shall, or shall cause each Eligible Municipality to,
utilize standard bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank.
      (c)   FUNDACOMUN shall not approve any annual investment
program presented by an Eligible Municipality should such plan
provide for civil works to be executed through force account,
including the cost of construction materials, in an amount exceeding
ten percent (10%) of the estimated cost of the Investment Projects
included in such program.
      Section 2.06. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
2.04 of this Agreement, FUNDACOMUN shall furnish to the Bank:
      (a)   not later than January 31 and August 31 of each year of
Project execution, starting on August 31, 1993, semi-annual progress
reports on the Project, of such scope and detail as the Bank may
reasonably request, including, inter alia: (i) a section detailing
progress in implementation of each Part of the Project in the
previous year; and (ii) specific and justified proposals for
adjustments in Project implementation based on the results of the
previous year; and
      (b)   not later than December 1 of each year of Project
execution, a proposed annual investment program, satisfactory to the
Bank, providing for the activities, implementation schedule and
proposed budget in respect of each Part of the Project during the
upcoming year; such program to include, inter alia, consolidated
municipal investment plans for execution of investment projects;
measures for strengthening FUNDACOMUN's management such as training
activities and implementation of management information systems; and
plans for technical assistance to Eligible Municipalities under Part
B.1 of the Project.
      Section 2.07. Without limitation to Section 2.04 of this
Agreement, FUNDACOMUN shall:
      (a)   not later than December 31 of each year during the
execution of the Project, starting in 1993, hold annual reviews with
the Bank, such reviews to be based on the reports referred to in
Section 2.06 (a) of this Agreement and to focus, inter alia, on the
following items: (i) evaluation of the progress in execution and in
the achievement of the objectives of the Project based on, among
other factors, the Implementation Indicators; (ii) discussions of
the proposed annual investment program for the upcoming year;
(iii) any changes in Project implementation that may be necessary;
      (b)   In respect of the annual review to be held in 1995 (mid-
term review) FUNDACOMUN shall review with the Bank, jointly with the
Borrower, in addition to the items referred to in (a) above, the
progress in the execution of the programs and action plans referred
to in Section 3.04 of the Loan Agreement and Section 2.08 (c) of
this Agreement.
      (c)   Without limitation or restriction to any of the Bank's
rights under this Agreement, if as a result of any of the above
annual reviews, progress in the execution of the Project or in the
Page  4
achievement of the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory to
the Bank, FUNDACOMUN shall promptly take or cause to be taken all
such remedial action as the Bank shall request to achieve such
objectives or to carry out efficiently the Project.
      Section 2.08. (a) FUNDACOMUN shall carry out: (i) the study
under Part C.2 of the Project by not later than December 31, 1994;
(ii) the study under Part C.4 of the Project by not later than
Sepember 30, 1993; (iii) the study under Part C.5 of the Project by
not later than June 30, 1995; and (iv) the studies under Part C.1
and C.3 of the Project by not later than December 31, 1993.
      (b)   Promptly upon the completion of each study referred to
in (a) above, FUNDACOMUN shall furnish to the Bank and the Borrower
a copy of each of such studies and their recommendations and provide
to the Bank a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon;
      (c)   FUNDACOMUN shall, based on the results and recommenda-
tions of the above studies and the Bank's comments thereon,
formulate and furnish to the Bank programs or plans of action within
the powers of FUNDACOMUN, satisfactory to the Bank, in respect of
each study not later than three months after the completion date
provided in paragraph (a) above of the respective study.
      (d)   FUNDACOMUN shall implement each of the programs or plans
of action referred to in paragraph (c) above, in a manner and under
a timetable satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.09. FUNDACOMUN shall: (a) maintain an organizational
structure, functions, and staff, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
efficient implementation and supervision of the Project;
(b) promptly inform the Bank of any change in its organizational
structure or functions; and (c) without limitation or restriction to
paragraph (a) above, operate and maintain the Project Management
Unit with functions, structure and staff satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.10. FUNDACOMUN shall: (a) employ, not later than
April 30, 1993, a consultant, with experience and qualifications and
under terms of reference all acceptable to the Bank, for purposes
of assisting FUNDACOMUN in the design of a monitoring and evaluation
system for Project implementation and training of FUNDACOMUN's staff
on the implementation of such systems; and (b) not later than July
31, 1992, have made operational the referred monitoring and
evaluation system.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) FUNDACOMUN shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of FUNDACOMUN, including procedures and separate records
for monitoring and recording the progress of the Project and of each
Investment Project (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it).
      (b)   FUNDACOMUN shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) including those
                   in paragraph (a) above for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audit-
                   ed; and (B) the report of such audit by said
Page  5
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. FUNDACOMUN shall submit to the Bank, not later
than March 31 of each year of Project execution, annual reports by
independent auditors acceptable to the Bank, such reports to be of
a scope and detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, including
an evaluation of compliance by FUNDACOMUN, the Fiduciary, and each
Eligible Municipality with their respective obligations under this
Agreement, the Fiduciary Agreement, the Participation Agreements,
the Subproject Agreements and the Subloan Agreements.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of FUNDACOMUN thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and
the Bank shall promptly notify FUNDACOMUN thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For FUNDACOMUN:
            Fundacion para el Desarrollo
            de la Comunidad y Fomento Municipal
            Edificio FUNDACOMUN
            Av. Abraham Lincoln
            Chacaito, Caracas 1050,
            Apdo. 50.218
Page  6
            Venezuela
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of FUNDACOMUN, or by FUNDACOMUN on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by its
President or such other person or persons as its President shall
designate in writing, and FUNDACOMUN shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         FUNDACION PARA EL DESAROLLO DE LA
                           COMUNIDAD Y FOMENTO MUNICIPAL
                         By /s/ Simon Alberto Consalvi
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
                    Terms and Conditions of the
                     Participation Agreements
Part A.     Terms and Conditions Applicable to Eligible Municipali-
            ties Participating in Parts A and/or B.1 of the Project
1.    The Eligible Municipality shall declare its acceptance of the
objectives of the Project and adhere to the terms and provisions of
the Operational Manual.
2.    The Eligible Municipality shall undertake to implement the
respective Technical Assistance Plan.
3.    FUNDACOMUN shall have the right to suspend or terminate the
participation of the Eligible Municipality in the Project or the
disbursement of funds if the latter fails to comply with any of its
obligations under the Participation Agreement.
Part B.     Terms and Conditions Applicable to Eligible Municipali-
            ties Participating in Part A of the Project
1.    The Eligible Municipality shall agree that each Investment
Project shall be financed with: (a) a grant provided by FUNDACOMUN
under a Subproject Agreement; (b) a subloan provided by the
Fiduciary under a Subloan Agreement; and (c) the respective Eligible
Municipality's own revenues.  The grant provided by FUNDACOMUN shall
not exceed sixty percent (60%) of the total cost of the Investment
Project or Investment Projects financed under a Subproject Agree-
ment.  The contribution by the respective Eligible Municipality with
Page  7
its own revenues shall not be less than thirteen percent (13%) of
the total cost of the Investment Project or Investment Projects
under a Subproject Agreement.
2.    The Eligible Municipality shall carry out its program of land
tenure, agreed with FUNDACOMUN, with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with appropriate administrative, environmental and
technical practices and shall provide all the necessary resources
and facilities for the carrying out of such program. As part of the
foregoing, the Eligible Municipality shall: (a) provide all
information as FUNDACOMUN shall request on the progress in the
implementation of the referred program; and (b) take any remedial
action that FUNDACOMUN may request for achieving the objectives of
the program or its efficient implementation.
3.    The Eligible Municipality shall maintain its credit-worthiness
(current revenues to current expenditures ratio and debt service to
revenues ratio) condition, required as eligibility criteria for its
participation in the Project in accordance with the Operational
Manual, during the execution of the Project. To this effect, the
Eligible Municipality shall provide FUNDACOMUN, with evidence,
satisfactory to FUNDACOMUN, showing its compliance with the above
creditworthiness condition.
4.    The Eligible Municipality shall ensure that arrangements,
satisfactory to the Bank, for adequate operation and maintenance of
the investments under the Investment Project are duly maintained and
implemented all in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Operational Manual.
5.    FUNDACOMUN shall have the right to suspend or terminate the
right of the Eligible Municipality to use the proceeds of any
Subloan or grant if the latter fails to comply with any of its
obligations under the Participation Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
Part A.     Procedures for Approval of Subloans
1.    No expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan unless the Subloan for such Investment Project
shall have been approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall
have been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on
which the Bank shall have received the application and information
required under paragraph 2 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such
Subloan.
2.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan to the Bank for approval,
FUNDACOMUN shall furnish to the Bank an application, in form
satisfactory to the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the
Eligible Municipality and an appraisal of the Investment Project,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms and
conditions of the Subloan, including the schedule of amortization of
the Subloan; and (iii) such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
      (b)   Applications made pursuant to the provisions of
subparagraph (a) above shall be presented to the Bank on or before
December 31, 1996.
Part B.     Terms and Conditions of Subloan Agreements
      Each Subloan Agreement shall include the following terms and
conditions:
      (a)   Subloans shall be denominated and payable in bolivares.
      (b)   Subloans shall be repaid, within the periods specified
in the Operational Manual, provided, however, that the amortization
period shall not exceed ten years.
Page  8
      (c)   The principal amount of each Subloan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time shall carry interest at a rate,
adjustable on an annual basis, and equal to, at least, eighty-five
percent (85%) of the Reference Rate.
      (d)   Proceeds of the Subloan shall be used exclusively for
the financing of the respective Investment Project or Investment
Projects in accordance with the corresponding Subproject Agreement.
      (e)   The Fiduciary shall automatically suspend disbursements
to the Eligible Municipality at the request of FUNDACOMUN and based
on a failure of such Eligible Municipality to comply with any of its
obligations under a Participation Agreement or a Subproject
Agreement or a Subloan Agreement.
      (f)   The Fiduciary shall have the right to suspend disburse-
ments to the Eligible Municipality upon failure of such Eligible
Municipality to comply with any of its obligations under a Subloan
Agreement.
Part C.     Terms and Conditions of Subproject Agreements
      Each Subproject Agreement shall include the following terms
and conditions:
      (a)   FUNDACOMUN shall provide its financing share, in the
form of a grant, required for carrying out the Investment Project or
Investment Projects, such financing share to be in accordance with
the provisions in Part B.1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Eligible Municipality shall contribute its financing
share of the Investment Project or Investment Projects in an amount,
from its own revenues, in accordance with the provisions in Part B.1
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (c)   FUNDACOMUN shall have the right to:
            (i)    require the Eligible Municipality to carry out
                   and operate the Investment Project or Investment
                   Projects with due diligence and efficiency and
                   in accordance with sound technical, financial,
                   engineering and environmental and managerial
                   standards and to maintain adequate records;
            (ii)   require that: (A) the goods and services to be
                   financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall
                   be procured in accordance with the provisions of
                   Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement; and (B) such
                   goods and services shall be used exclusively in
                   the carrying out of the Investment Project or
                   Investment Projects;
            (iii)  inspect, by itself or jointly with representa-
                   tives of the Bank if the Bank shall so request,
                   such goods and the sites, works, plants and
                   construction included in the Investment Project
                   or Investment Projects, the operation thereof,
                   and any relevant records and documents;
            (iv)   require that: (A) the Eligible Municipality
                   shall take out and maintain with responsible
                   insurers such insurance, against such risks and
                   in such amounts, as shall be consistent with
                   sound business practice; and (B) without any
                   limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance
                   shall cover hazards incident to the acquisition,
                   transportation and delivery of goods financed
                   out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of
                   use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to
                   be made payable in a currency freely usable by
                   the Eligible Municipality to replace or repair
Page  9
                   such goods;
            (v)    obtain all such information as FUNDACOMUN shall
                   reasonably request, by itself or at the Bank's
                   request, relating to the foregoing and to the
                   administration, operations and financial condi-
                   tion of the Eligible Municipality and to the
                   benefits to be derived from the Investment
                   Project or Investment Projects;
            (vi)   suspend or terminate the right of the Eligible
                   Municipality to the use of the proceeds of the
                   respective Subproject Agreement and cause the
                   Fiduciary, pursuant to Part B (e) of this Sched-
                   ule, to suspend or terminate the proceeds of any
                   or all Subloans made to such Eligible Municipal-
                   ity, upon failure by such Eligible Municipality
                   to perform any of its obligations under any
                   Subloan Agreement or any Subproject Agreement or
                   any Participation Agreement; and
            (vii)  require the Eligible Municipality to take or
                   cause to be taken all such action as shall be
                   necessary to acquire, as and when needed, all
                   such land and rights in respect of land as shall
                   be required for the carrying out of the Invest-
                   ment Project.
      (d)   The Subproject Agreement shall become effective upon the
execution by the Fiduciary and the Eligible Municipality of the
corresponding Subloan Agreement.
