Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3495 VE
                          Loan Agreement
             (Low-Income Barrios Improvement Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated March 17, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3495 VE
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 17, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by Fundacion para el
Desarrollo de la Comunidad y Fomento Municipal (hereinafter
FUNDACOMUN) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to FUNDACOMUN the
proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreement
of even date herewith between the Bank and FUNDACOMUN;
      WHEREAS the Borrower hereby represents to the Bank that the
execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the
Borrower's Law "Ley que Autoriza al Ejecutivo Nacional a Celebrar
Operaciones de Credito Publico Destinadas al Financiamiento Parcial
del Proyecto de Mejoramiento Urbano en Barrios (PROMUEBA)",
Page  2
published in the Borrower's Official Gazette Issue No. 35063, dated
October 5, 1992;
      WHEREAS the Borrower has made a representation through its
letters dated May 7 and May 21 to the Bank to the effect that
FUNDACOMUN is authorized to make available the proceeds of the Loan
to a fiduciary, under a fiduciary agreement, and that the fiduciary
is authorized to charge interest on the funds it will onlend to
Municipalities under the Project at the rate provided in this
Agreement and the Bank hereby declares that it has relied on such
representation in making the Loan;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                           ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Annual Investment Program" means any of the annual
investment programs prepared and furnished to the Bank by FUNDACOMUN
pursuant to Section 2.06 (b) of the Project Agreement (as hereinaf-
ter defined), and which program has been reviewed and approved by
the Bank;
      (b)   "Approved Subloan" means a Subloan (as hereinafter
defined) for an Investment Project (as hereinafter defined) included
in an Annual Investment Program, and which subloan has been approved
by the Bank pursuant to the procedures set forth in Part A of
Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement;
      (c)   "bolivar" means the currency unit of the Borrower;
      (d)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Venezuela, the
Borrower's Central Bank;
      (e)   "Charter" means FUNDACOMUN's Estatutos (by laws)
approved by FUNDACOMUN and the Borrower pursuant to the Borrower's
decree No. 688 dated January 31, 1962, and published in the
Borrower's Official Gazette issue 26.766 dated January 31, 1962, all
as amended to this date;
      (f)   "Eligible Expenditures" means: (i) in respect of Part A
of the Project, expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of
works and goods required for the carrying out of an Investment
Project (as hereinafter defined), partially financed under an
Approved Subloan, and which expenditures qualify as eligible for
financing under the procedures set forth in Part A of Schedule 2 to
the Project Agreement. Excluded, without limitation, are expendi-
tures for transfer of assets, land acquisition, severance payments,
construction materials related to civil works carried out under
force account, services for engineering design and construction
supervision of an Investment Project (as hereinafter defined), and
any form of refinancing rescheduling or writing off of indebtedness;
and (ii) in respect of Parts B and C of the Project, expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the carrying out of such Parts of the Project provided such
expenditures are included in an Annual Investment Program;
      (g)   "Eligible Neighborhoods" means those low-income
neighborhoods ("barrios") within the jurisdiction of the respective
Eligible Municipality (as hereinafter defined) and which neighbor-
Page  3
hoods meet the eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational
Manual (as hereinafter defined);
      (h)   "Eligible Service" means any of the basic infrastructure
services set forth in the Operational Manual (as hereinafter
defined) and approved for financing by the Bank under this Project,
such basic infrastructures services consisting of water supply,
sewerage, electricity, paving of roads and pedestrian paths,
drainage and solid waste collection and other services which may be
agreed between FUNDACOMUN and the Bank;
      (i)   "Fiduciary Agreement" means the agreement (contrato de
fideicomiso), satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between
FUNDACOMUN and the Fiduciary (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to
Section 2.01 (b) of the Project Agreement;
      (j)   "Fiduciary" means any financial institution or insurance
company, acceptable to the Bank, which is authorized to perform in
the capacity of a fiduciary (fideicomisario) under the Borrower's
legislation;
      (k)   "Implementation Indicators" means the indicators of
Project performance, satisfactory to the Bank, to be developed as
part of the monitoring and evaluation system referred to in Section
2.10 of the Project Agreement, as such indicators may be changed
from time to time in agreement between the Bank and FUNDACOMUN;
      (l)   "Investment Project" means a specific investment project
consisting of the extension or improvement of Eligible Services in
an Eligible Neighborhood and to be carried out by an Eligible
Municipality utilizing, in part, the proceeds of a Subloan;
      (m)   "Legislation" means the Borrower's Ley de Fideicomisos
dated July 23, 1956 and published in the Borrower's Official Gazette
on August 17, 1956, and any other rules and procedures that govern
the operations of the Fiduciary (as hereinafter defined) including
its by-laws;
      (n)   "Municipality" means any duly established municipality
in the territory of the Borrower and "Eligible Municipality" means
a Municipality which meets in terms satisfactory to the Bank and
FUNDACOMUN the eligibility criteria set forth in the Operational
Manual for its participation in Part A and/or Part B.1 of the
Project;
      (o)   "Operational Manual" means the operating manual,
satisfactory to the Bank, setting forth the rules and provisions to
be adopted by FUNDACOMUN pursuant to Section 6.01 (d) of this
Agreement, for purposes of implementing Part A of the Project;
      (p)   "Participation Agreement" mean each of the agreements,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between FUNDACOMUN and
an Eligible Municipality for purposes of defining the latter's
participation in the Project, pursuant to Section 2.01 (d) of the
Project Agreement, and "Participation Agreements" means all of such
agreements;
      (q)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the Bank
and FUNDACOMUN of even date herewith, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (r)   "Project Management Unit" means FUNDACOMUN's unit for
Project management and coordination, to be established pursuant to
Section 6.01 (c) of this Agreement, such unit to be responsible for,
inter alia, assisting in the preparation of all legal arrangements
connected with the Project, and reviewing and consolidating proposed
annual investment programs for the Project;
      (s)   "Reference Rate" means the annual weighted average non-
preferential lending rate (tasa de interes anual promedio nacional
ponderada de las operaciones activas no preferenciales) charged by
Page  4
the six commercial banks in Venezuela with greater amount of
deposits, as such rate is calculated, and published in the Boletin
de Indicadores Semanales del Banco Central, by the Central Bank on
a weekly basis;
      (t)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (u)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
the Fiduciary, out of the proceeds of the Loan, to an Eligible
Municipality for an Investment Project;
      (v)   "Subloan Agreement" means each of the agreements,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between the Fiduciary
and an Eligible Municipality for purposes of making a Subloan
pursuant to Section 2.01 (c) of the Project Agreement, and "Subloan
Agreements" means all of such agreements;
      (w)   "Subproject Agreement" means each of the agreements,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into by FUNDACOMUN and each
Eligible Municipality pursuant to Section 2.01 (b) of the Project
Agreement and "Subproject Agreements" means all of such agreements;
and
      (x)   "Technical Assistance Plan" means each of the plans
prepared by FUNDACOMUN and approved by the Bank pursuant to Section
2.06 (b) of the Project Agreement, containing measures for institu-
tional development of an Eligible Municipality under Part B.1 of the
Project.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of forty million dollars ($40,000,000), being the sum of
withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued
by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for: (i) amounts paid (or if the Bank shall so agree,
to be paid) by the Fiduciary to an Eligible Municipality on account
of withdrawals made by such Eligible Municipality under an approved
Subloan in respect of Eligible Expenditures; or (ii) for Eligible
Expenditures made (or if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) by
FUNDACOMUN under Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
Page  5
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this Agree-
                   ment, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and ex-
                   pressed as a percentage per annum, of the out-
                   standing borrowings of the Bank drawn down after
                   June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings or
                   portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08.  The President of FUNDACOMUN is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                          ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project;
                  Use of the Proceeds of the Loan
Page  6
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, shall
cause FUNDACOMUN to perform in accordance with the provisions of the
Project Agreement and the Fiduciary Agreement all the obligations of
FUNDACOMUN therein set forth, shall take or cause to be taken all
action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services and
other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable FUNDACOMUN to
perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken
any action which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Without limitation to the provisions in paragraph (a)
above, the Borrower shall make available the proceeds of the Loan to
FUNDACOMUN, on a timely basis, as budgetary allocations.
      Section 3.02. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by
FUNDACOMUN pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works, goods and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall: (a) participate in each of
the annual reviews referred to in Section 2.07 of the Project
Agreement;
      (b)   take, or cause FUNDACOMUN to take, all such remedial
action as the Bank shall request pursuant to the above referred
Section;
      (c)   based on the results of the studies referred to in
Section 2.08 (a) of the Project Agreement and the Bank's comments
thereon, formulate and furnish to the Bank, through the Borrower's
Executive Branch, by not later than three months after the comple-
tion date of each respective study provided in Section 2.08 (a) of
the Project Agreement, programs or plans of action, satisfactory to
the Bank, additional to those submitted by FUNDACOMUN pursuant to
Section 2.08 (c) of the Project Agreement;
      (d)   cause FUNDACOMUN to formulate and furnish the programs
or plans of action referred to in Section 2.08 (c) of the Project
Agreement; and
      (e)   implement the programs or plans of action referred to in
paragraph (c) above in a manner and under a timetable satisfactory
to the Bank, and cause FUNDACOMUN to implement the programs or plans
of action referred to in Section 2.08 (c) of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                   with sound accounting practices, records and
                   accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                   at least one year after the Bank has received
                   the audit report for the fiscal year in which
Page  7
                   the last withdrawal from the Loan Account was
                   made; and
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) (i) of this Section including
                   those for the Special Account for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested,
                   including a separate opinion by said auditors as
                   to whether the statements of expenditure submit-
                   ted during such fiscal year, together with the
                   procedures and internal controls involved in
                   their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                   the related withdrawals; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, provided,
however, that in respect of any of the events referred to in
paragraph (e) and (g) below, the Bank may limit the suspension of
disbursement of Loan proceeds in respect to the Part or Parts of the
Project, or portion or portions thereof, affected by the event in
question:
      (a)   FUNDACOMUN shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that FUNDACOMUN will be able to
perform its obligations under the Project Agreement or that the
Fiduciary will be able to perform its obligations under the
Fiduciary Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of FUNDACOMUN or for the suspension of its operations.
      (d)   The Charter or the Legislation shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely, in the opinion of the Bank, the operations or the
financial condition of FUNDACOMUN or the Fiduciary or their ability
to carry out the Project or to perform any of their obligations
under the Project Agreement or the Fiduciary Agreement.
      (e)   Any party shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under a Subloan Agreement or a Participation Agreement
or a Subproject Agreement.
      (f)   The Fiduciary shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Fiduciary Agreement.
Page  8
      (g)   The Central Bank should, at any time, cease to calculate
or publish the Reference Rate or the Reference Rate shall, at any
time, fail to reflect, in the opinion of the Bank, a rate freely
determined between the respective parties.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely,
that any event specified in paragraph (a) or (f) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   FUNDACOMUN has entered into the Fiduciary Agreement;
      (b)   FUNDACOMUN has entered into Participation Agreements and
Subproject Agreements with, at least, three Eligible Municipalities
and the Fiduciary has entered into Subloan Agreements with such
Eligible Municipalities;
      (c)   FUNDACOMUN has established the Project Management Unit
in a manner satisfactory to the Bank;
      (d)   FUNDACOMUN has adopted, in form and substance satisfac-
tory to the Bank, the Operational Manual; and
      (e)   FUNDACOMUN has furnished to the Bank a proposed annual
investment program, satisfactory to the Bank, covering the first
year of Project execution.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by FUNDACOMUN, and is legally binding upon FUNDACOMUN in
accordance with its terms;
      (b)   that the Fiduciary Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by FUNDACOMUN and the Fiduciary and is legally binding upon
FUNDACOMUN and the Fiduciary in accordance with its terms;
      (c)   that the agreements referred to in Section 6.01 (b) of
this Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified by the parties
thereto and are legally binding upon the parties thereto in
accordance with their terms; and
      (d)   that the Operational Manual has been validly issued by
FUNDACOMUN.
      Section 6.03. The date June 15, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  9
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Hacienda
            Direccion General
            Sectorial de Finanzas Publicas
            Edificio Norte, Piso 5
            Centro Simon Bolivar
            Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                           Telex:
                                             24215 HDACP
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                         By /s/ Simon Alberto Consalvi
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expendi-
tures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Civil works              13,700,000         30%
    under Part A
    of the Project
Page  10
(2) Goods under               3,200,000         100% of foreign
    Part A of the                               expenditures and
    Project                                     27% of local
                                                expenditures
(3) Consultants'             19,300,000         100%
    services
    (including
    the services
    of auditors as
    required under
    Section 4.01 of
    this Agreement
    and Sections 3.01
    and 3.02 of the
    Project Agreement)
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(4) Goods under                3,800,000        100% of foreign
    Part B of the                               expenditures,
    Project                                     100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory cost)
                                                and 90% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
                              __________
         TOTAL                40,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $4,000,000, may be made in respect of Categories (1), (2),
(3) or (4) on account of payments made for expenditures before that
date but after February 17, 1992;
      (b)   payments made for expenditures under Part A of this
Project unless, the Bank has received evidence, satisfactory to the
Bank, showing that, in respect of the respective Investment Project,
FUNDACOMUN has entered into a Participation Agreement and a
Subproject Agreement, and the Fiduciary has entered into a Subloan
Agreement, with the Eligible Municipality in question (other than
those entered into pursuant to Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement)
providing for the full financing of the respective Investment
Project, and, as part of such evidence, FUNDACOMUN has furnished a
legal opinion, satisfactory to the Bank, of counsel acceptable to
the Bank, confirming that the Participation Agreement, Subproject
Agreement and Subloan Agreement in question have been duly autho-
rized or ratified by the parties thereto and are legally binding
upon such parties in accordance with their terms;
Page  11
      (c)   payments made for expenditures under Part B.1 of the
Project unless the Bank has received evidence, satisfactory to the
Bank, showing that, in respect of the respective expenditures,
FUNDACOMUN has entered into a Participation Agreement with the
Eligible Municipality in question and, as part of such evidence,
FUDACOMUN has furnished a legal opinion, satisfactory to the Bank,
confirming that the Participation Agreement in question has been
duly authorized or ratified by the parties thereto and is legally
binding upon such parties in accordance with their terms; and
      (d)   payments made for expenditures under the Project unless
the respective expenditures are Eligible Expenditures.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in:
(a) improving urban infrastructure services in low-income neighbor-
hoods; (b) developing a sound foundation for sustainable urban
improvement programs; and (c) increasing municipal participation in
financing and managing urban infrastructure investments.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Bank and the Borrower may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
      Carrying out of Investment Projects by Eligible Municipali-
ties.
Part B:
1.    A technical assistance program, including acquisition of
equipment and training, to strengthen the institutional capabilities
of Eligible Municipalities in areas of local legislation, tax
administration, municipal cadastre, solid waste management, urban
planning and preparation and evaluation of investment projects.
2.    A technical assistance program to strengthen the institutional
capabilities of FUNDACOMUN through: (a) establishing and operating
a project management system; (b) preparing and implementing an
organizational development plan; (c) training in areas directly
related to the program in Part B.1 of the Project such as municipal
financing management, investment planning, municipal cadastre, land
titling, urban planning and municipal administration; and (d)
acquisition and utilization of vehicles and office equipment for
FUNDACOMUN's headquarters and regional offices.
Part C:
      Carrying out of studies on:
1.    A design of a municipal information system.
2.    Municipal finance to improve the data base of municipal
finance, develop a typology for classification of municipalities in
accordance with their financial situation and capacity to finance
urban investments, and improve the legal and policy framework in
connection with municipal finance.
3.    Analysis of data collected through the third national
inventory of low-income neighborhoods (barrios) and on the
improvement of FUNDACOMUN's information analysis system for low-
income neighborhoods (barrios).
4.    The determination of: (a) existing constraints on the develop-
ment of a land market in low-income neighborhoods (barrios) with
strategies recommended to address such constraints; and (b) specific
procedures and instruments to assist Municipalities in the
implementation of policies for the regularization of land tenure;
Page  12
and
5.    An assessment of the social benefits and costs of the Project.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)*
      On each April 15 and October 15,
        beginning October 15, 1997
        through April 15, 2007                  2,000,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                        0.20
      before maturity
More than three years but                        0.40
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                          0.73
      not more than eleven years
      before maturity
More than eleven years but not                   0.87
      more than thirteen years
      before maturity
More than thirteen years                         1.00
      before maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
Page  13
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works and goods
shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent
of $500,000 or more and $200,000 or more, respectively.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Venezuela may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Contracts for civil works shall be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or less but more than $25,000 equivalent, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $4,000,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
$25,000 or less, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $700,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods procured under
the procedures referred to in Part A.1 of this Schedule, each
contract for civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$500,000 or more, and the first two contracts for civil works and
goods procured under the procedures referred to in Part C.1 and C.2
respectively, procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
      (d)   Without any limitation or restriction to any of the
Bank's rights under this Agreement, the Bank may increase the
contracts subject to the review procedures referred to in paragraph
(a) above, should the Bank determine that any procurement of goods,
works or services under the Project is inconsistent with the
Guidelines.
Page  14
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower and FUNDACOMUN in carrying out
of the Project, the Borrower and FUNDACOMUN shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfacto-
ry to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981, (the
"Consultants Guidelines"), except that prior review by the Bank
pursuant to paragraphs 2.04, 2.09, 2.13, 2.21, 2.39, 2.41 and 2.44
of said Consultants Guidelines shall not apply to contracts costing
the equivalent of $25,000 or less.
2.    The contracts exempted from such prior review shall be subject
to ex post review by the Bank, and if pursuant to such review the
Bank determines that the employment of consultants under such
contracts is inconsistent with the procedures set forth or referred
to in this Schedule or in the Consultant Guidelines and establishes
the amount of expenditures in respect of such employment which would
otherwise have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds of
the Loan, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and FUNDACOMUN,
terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals with respect
to such amount.  Upon the giving of such notice, such amount of the
Loan shall be cancelled.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means Eligible
Expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                   vals as the Bank shall specify.
Page  15
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment                   
or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Page  16
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
              Modifications of the General Conditions
      For purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the General
Conditions are modified as follows:
      (1)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (2)   The following subparagraph is added to Section 2.01:
            "21. The term 'Project Agreement' has the meaning set
      forth in paragraph (q) of Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement."
      (3)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (1) and new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      (4)   The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdraw-
als with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice,
such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of
Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
            "or (e) by the date specified in paragraph A.2 (b) of
      Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement, the Bank shall, in
      respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no
      applications or requests permitted under subparagraphs (a) or
      (b) of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such applica-
      tions or requests, the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
      Guarantor, terminate the right to submit such applications or
      approvals or to make withdrawals from the Loan Account, as the
      case may be, with respect to such amount or portion of the
      Loan. Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or portion
      of the Loan shall be cancelled."
