Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2530 MOZ
                   Development Credit Agreement
         (Local Government Reform and Engineering Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     Dated September 17, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2530 MOZ
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 17, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
MOZAMBIQUE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS (B) the Association has received from the Borrower a
Letter of Local Government Sector Policy (Letter of Sector Policy)
dated May 7, 1993 describing a program of actions, objectives and
policies designed to achieve its municipal reform and
decentralization program, and requesting assistance from the
Association in the financing of goods, works and services required
during such execution;
      WHEREAS (C) the Borrower intends to contract from bilateral
and multilateral donors (the "Cofinanciers") grants to assist in
financing Part C.2 of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Cofinancing Agreements to be entered into between the
Borrower and the Cofinanciers; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
Page  2
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CEC" means Conselho Executivo da Cidade, the Executive
Council operating at the city-level within the territory of the
Borrower;
      (b)   "CG" means the Coordinating Group established and
operating as set forth under Part A.2(b) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;
      (c)   "CNA" means the Borrower's National Commission for the
Environment, established and operating pursuant to Presidential
Decree No. 2/92 dated June 3, 1992;
      (d)   "IMC" means the Interministerial Committee established
and operating as set forth under Part A.1 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;
      (e)   "Implementation Agreements" means the agreements
referred to in Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (f)   "INPF" means Instituto Nacional de Planeamento Fisico,
of CNP established and operating pursuant to Presidential Decree No.
18/83 dated May 25, 1983;
      (g)   "LSG" means the Local Support Group established and
operating as set forth under Part A.2 (e) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;
      (h)   " MAE" means Ministerio de Administracao Estatal, the
Ministry of State Administration of the Borrower;
      (i)   "MCA" means Ministerio da Construcao e Aguas, the
Ministry of Construction and Water of the Borrower;
      (j)    "Municipal Development Program" means the series of
activities to be prepared for a three to five year period, and
updated annually, by the Project Cities and adopted by the CEC in
order to strengthen institutional frameworks and organizations and
establish public investments within their jurisdictions;
      (k)   "HABITAR" means the Unit responsible for management and
supervision of housing projects within MCA established by Despacho
of MCA dated June 21, 1988 and designated by the Borrower to assist
in the implementation , monitoring and supervision of Part C of the
Project and operating as set forth under Part A.2 (f) of Schedule 4
to this Agreement;
      (l)   "Project Account" means the Account referred to in
Section 3.07 of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated July 29, 1991 and
October 9, 1991 between the Borrower and the Association;
Page  3
      (n)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (o)   "TSU" means the Technical Support Unit established by
MAE as its secretariat for Project implementation as set forth under
Part A.2 (c) of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (p)   "Project Performance Monitoring Indicators" means those
indicators designed to measure the Borrower's performance in
achieving Project objectives agreed between the Borrower and the
Association and referred to in Section 3.03 (a) (i) of this
Agreement;
      (q)   "Project Cities" means the cities of Maputo, Beira,
Pemba, Quelimane and Nampula, selected by the Borrower in which to
implement its municipal reform and decentralization program;
      (r)   "Pilot Subproject" means any of the developmental
activities referred to under Part C.2 of the Project, selected by
the Borrower and approved by the Association, to test cost effective
approaches to urban and environmental management;
      (s)   "fiscal year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from January 1 to December 31; and
      (t)   "WG" means any of the Working Groups established and
operating as set forth under Part A.2 (d) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to sixteen million four hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 16,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1998 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
Page  4
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 15 and December 15
commencing December 15, 2003 and ending June 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on June 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
Page  5
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, environmental and engineering practices,
and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.
      (c)   For the purpose of implementation of Part C of the
Project, the Borrower shall cause MAE to enter into Implementation
Agreements with all of the Project Cities, under terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, specifying, inter alia,
the rights and obligations of MAE and of the respective Project
City, the timetables to be followed and the scope of activities to
be undertaken.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall :
      (a)   not later than September 30 of each year until the
completion of the Project, conduct with the Association annual
Project implementation reviews, including a mid-term review, by not
later than September 30, 1995, to:
            (i)    monitor, in accordance with Project Performance
                   Monitoring Indicators, progress achieved in the
                   implementation of the following: (A) enactment
                   of the municipal legal framework and the
                   implementation of the legal, institutional,
                   fiscal and financial reforms; (B) training
                   programs financed under the Project; (C)
                   measures taken to ensure coordination among
                   central, provincial and local government
                   authorities responsible for Project imple-
                   mentation; (D) results of process consultation
                   and user demand and environmental assessments;
                   (E) actions taken to ensure appropriate transfer
                   of technology to local counterparts and the most
                   efficient utilization of technical assistance
                   financed under the Project; (F) preparation and
                   implementation of the resettlement plans
                   referred to under Part C.3 of the Project; and
                   (G) preparation and implementation of the
                   Municipal Development Programs and Pilot-
                   Subprojects referred to under Part C of the
                   Project;
           (ii)    discuss and adjust: (A) the proposed budgetary
                   allocations to MAE, MCA, CNA and CECs for the
                   Project Cities to be implemented during the
                   upcoming fiscal year to finance Project
                   recurrent expenditures; and (B) measures taken
                   by the Borrower to ensure timely provision of
                   local counterpart funds to the Project;
          (iii)    exchange information among staff and insti-
                   tutions responsible for Project implementation
                   at the central, provincial and local level;
           (iv)    identify issues which may delay Project
                   implementation and propose appropriate
                   solutions;
Page  6
            (v)    discuss and coordinate all other technical
                   assistance provided by the Cofinanciers; and
           (vi)    update Project timetables and Project
                   Performance Monitoring Indicators, and approve
                   the action program for the upcoming year;
      (b)   not later than four weeks prior to such annual and mid-
term reviews, furnish to the Association for its review and comments
a report in such detail as the Association shall reasonably request,
including:
            (i)    an evaluation of progress achieved in Project
                   implementation pursuant to the Project
                   Performance Monitoring Indicators agreed between
                   the Borrower and the Association;
           (ii)    a draft action program including training plans
                   to be carried out during the upcoming year;
      (c)   promptly after completing such annual and mid-term
reviews, carry out those recommendations arising out of said
reviews, as shall be agreed between the Borrower and the
Association.
      Section 3.04.The Borrower shall, during the execution of the
Project:
      (a)   maintain the institutional arrangements and staff
responsible for Project implementation, with such responsibilities
and with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Association as specified under Part A of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement; and
      (b)   appoint qualified local counterpart staff to closely
work with and receive training from the consultants contracted under
the Project in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of
Schedule 3 of this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall ensure the timely imple-
mentation of the Implementation Agreements entered into between MAE
and the Project Cities and the Municipal Development Programs
prepared by each of such Cities in accordance with all their
respective terms, as agreed between the Borrower and the Association
and as set forth under Part B of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall take all the necessary
measures to prepare and implement the resettlement plans referred to
under Part C.3 of the Project, in accordance with terms, criteria
and a timetable agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association, and with the objective of restoring the incomes of
displaced people to allow them to maintain or improve their standard
of living.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall: (a) open and maintain an
account in local currency, in a commercial bank (the Project
Account) on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association;
(b) promptly thereafter, make an initial deposit into such account,
in local currency, in an amount equivalent to sixty thousand dollars
($60,000) to finance the Borrower's contribution to the Project; and
(c) deposit every four months, into the Project Account, such amount
in local currency, as shall be required to timely replenish such
Account.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
Page  7
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
(b)The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than nine
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program or a significant part thereof will be
carried out; and
      (b)   that the Municipal Reform Legislation or any other
legislation governing local government decentralization shall have
been amended, suspended,repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of the Borrower to perform any
of its obligations under this Agreement.
Page  8
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (b) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
(60) days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the Borrower has established TSU and employed its
key staff as set forth under Part A.2 (c) of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement, in accordance with applicable civil service regulations
and contractual terms satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   that the Borrower has designated HABITAR to assist in
the implementation of Part C of the Project and its Senior Urban
Planner has been appointed in accordance with contractual terms
satisfactory to the Association;
      (c)   that the Borrower has contracted independent auditors to
assist in complying with the Financial Covenants referred to in
Section 4.01 (b) of this Agreement, in accordance with terms of
reference and contractual terms satisfactory to the Association;
      (d)   that the Implementation Agreements have been signed
between MAE and the Project Cities;
      (e)   that the Project Account has been opened and the initial
deposit has been made as set forth in Section 3.07 of this
Agreement; and
      (f)   that the Borrower has contracted a consulting firm to
assist in carrying out Part B of the Project, in accordance with the
provisions of Part II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Section 6.02. The following is specified as additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions,
to be included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the
Association, namely, that the Implementation Agreements have been
duly authorized or ratified and are legally binding upon MAE and the
Project Cities in accordance with their respective terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                         ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Governor of Banco de Mocambique of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco de Mocambique
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
Page  9
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O.Box 423
            Maputo, Mozambique
            Cable address:                  Telex:
                   MOBANCO                   6576/7 BMMO
                   Maputo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE
                         By /s/ Hipolito Zozimo Patricio
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Stephen M. Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Studies and                3,140,000        100%
    Audits
(2) Consultants'               4,700,000        100%
    Services
(3) Training                   1,840,000        100%
Page  10
(4) Civil Works under            920,000        100% of foreign
    Part C.2 of the                             expenditures and
    Project                                     70% of local
                                                expenditures
(5) Vehicles, Equipment        1,980,000        100% of foreign
    Spare parts and                             expenditures and
    Supplies                                    70% of local
                                                expenditures
(6) Incremental                1,760,000        100% of foreign
    Operating Cost                              expenditures and
                                                70% of local
                                                expenditures
(7) Services under                70,000        100%
    Part C.3 of the
    Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(8) Refunding of                 900,000        Amount due
    Project                                     pursuant to
    Preparation                                 Section 2.02 (b)
    Advance                                     of this Agreement
(9) Unallocated                1,090,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                16,400,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental operating cost" means expenditures
incurred by the Borrower to finance operation and maintenance of
vehicles, equipment and buildings directly related to the Project
general administrative expenses for TSU and HABITAR and directly
related to Project implementation; training of TSU and HABITAR
staff, including Project staff; and process consultation and user
demand assessments.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement; and
      (b)   Category (4) unless the Association has received for
each Pilot Subproject: (i) a resettlement plan, prepared in
accordance with criteria, terms and timetable agreed upon between
the Borrower and the Association as set forth in Section 3.06 of
this Agreement; and (ii) evidence, satisfactory to the Association,
certifying the Borrower's legal ownership of land where civil works
financed under the Credit will be carried out under the Pilot
Subproject concerned.
                            SCHEDULE 2
Page  11
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are : (a) to support the
Borrower's decentralization and municipal capacity building programs
in the Project Cities; and (b) to assist the Borrower to create a
suitable municipal investment policy framework, prepare urban
investment plans, and carry out Pilot Subprojects.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Legal and Institutional Reform
1.    Carrying out a legislative and institutional reform,
including:
      (a)   reviewing the existing legal and administrative
framework of local government;
      (b)   specifying the degree of authority and responsibility to
be given to government at the central, provincial and local levels
under said reform;
      (c)   defining technical units to be created or restructured;
      (d)   drafting the legal framework to enable the
implementation of the municipal reform on a national basis; and
      (e)   drafting of specific laws required to facilitate testing
of reforms in the Project Cities.
2.    Strengthening the Borrower's training and capacity building
skills through the:
      (a)   designing and implementing training programs for key
central, provincial and local groups involved in the Reform;
      (b)   reviewing the structure of the Escola de Estado e
Direito and Centro de Formacao em Gestao Publica Local; and
      (c)   developing basic job-related skills.
Part B:Fiscal Financial and Organizational Reform
1.    Strengthening the fiscal transfer system through the review of
the taxation and the design and implementation of criteria for
central government revenue sharing and fiscal transfers.
2.    Mobilizing local resources through the:
      (a)   undertaking a review of local revenue sources and
developing proposals for reform; and
      (b)   establishment of cost recovery guidelines.
3.    Improvement of the system for financing urban services
through:
      (a)   reviewing the financial structure of public utilities
and services and the current policy in tariff setting;
      (b)   reviewing private sector participation in the provision
of urban services at the local level and determining the potential
for greater involvement;
      (c)   determining the relationship between tariff levels and
corresponding operational and maintenance costs for specific
services; and
      (e)   examining investment planning guidelines.
Page  12
4.    Strengthening accounting, budgeting, financial management and
data systems through:
      (a)   improving accounting, budgeting, financial planning,
treasury management, and internal controls;
      (b)   incorporating capital accounts as part of local
government's general budgets;
      (c)   upgrading the reporting system, including auditing and
other control mechanisms; and
      (d)   introducing electronic data processing and management
information systems.
5.     Strengthening local government's functions, staffing
requirements and training programs through:
      (a)   defining administrative arrangements relating to
accounting, finance and data processing functions, staffing and
training needs; and
      (b)   developing and implementing training programs for
finance and accounting staff.
Part C:     Urban and Environmental Management
1.    Carrying out municipal development programs in the Project
Cities through:
the preparation and implementation of a Municipal Development
Program for each Project City, including,inter alia, design of
institutional development programs; user demand and environmental
assessments; identification and preparation of investment programs
and plans for priority infrastructure service improvements and
environmental rehabilitation and protection work, upgrading and
expansion; preparation of ecological zoning and preliminary
engineering designs and cost estimates for infrastructure
improvements.
2.    Preparation and implementation of the following Pilot
Subprojects including the participation of private sector entities:
      (a)   Pemba Urban Upgrading;
      (b)   Nampula Environmental Planning and Management;
      (c)   Beira Non-Motorized (Bicycle) Transport;
      (d)   Five Project Cities Rapid Mapping; and
      (e)   Maputo Land Information Systems.
3.    Designing and carrying out resettlement plans necessary to
relocate persons to be displaced through the implementation of the
Pilot Subprojects.
Part D:Institutional Capacity Building and Project Management
1.    Provision of technical advice and training for the
strengthening of and provision of training to MAE and the Project
Cities in the application of the municipal legal framework and
financial and administrative regulations.
2.    Establishment and operation of the Technical Support Unit
(TSU).
3.    Strengthening and operation of HABITAR.
4.    Strengthening of CNA.
Page  13
                             *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by September 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to
in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when
contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity period,
the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each week of
delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to the
Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency components
and the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such
an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
3.    In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part A,
the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding documents
issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Local Competitive Bidding: Works for Part C.2 of the Project
not exceeding an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,100,000 of the
Credit may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Force Account: Works for Part C.2 of the Project not exceeding
an aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000 of the Credit may be
carried out by force account.
3.    International or Local Shopping: Equipment and spare parts
estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000, or less per contract,
may not exceeding an aggregate amount equivalent to $600,000 of the
Credit, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from two eligible countries under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
Page  14
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    (a)   In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants' Guidelines).
      (b)   For complex, time-based assignments, the Borrower shall
employ such consultants under contracts using the standard Form Of
Contract For Consultants' Services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank,
the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultants' Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budget, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000, equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank
review shall not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts
nor to the employment of individuals, to single source selection of
firms, to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined
by the Association and to amendments of contracts raising the
contract value to $100,000, equivalent or above.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Part A:     Project Management
1.    Interministerial Committee (IMC)
      (a)   The Council of Ministers of the Borrower shall establish
and thereafter maintain IMC during the implementation of the
Project, with the membership and responsibilities described
hereinafter below. The IMC shall report directly to said Council.
      (b)   The IMC shall: (i) provide policy guidance; (ii) ensure
overall Project coordination; (iii) ensure that the Borrower's
competent authorities approve and implement the legal, institutional
and financial reforms approved under the Project; and (iv) follow-up
any actions required to be undertaken to implement the Program.
      (c)   The IMC shall be chaired by the Minister of State
Administration, and its membership shall comprise the Ministers of
Finance, Construction and Water, Justice, Labor and the Vice-
Minister of Planning. IMC shall meet at least quarterly during the
Page  15
first year of Project implementation and half-yearly, thereafter.
2.    Implementation responsibilities
      (a)   Ministry of State Administration (MAE): MAE shall be
responsible for overall Project implementation, working in close
collaboration with the Ministries of Finance, Construction and
Water, Justice, CNA, INPF and the CECs in the Project Cities.
      (b)   Interministerial Coordinating Group (CG): (i) MAE shall
appoint a CG in order to oversee Project implementation; (ii) the CG
shall be chaired by the National Director of Local Government of
MAE; and (iii) members of the CG shall, inter alia, be high-level
staff appointed by the Ministries of Finance, Construction and
Water, Justice, CNA and INPF.
      (c)   Technical Support Unit (TSU): (i) MAE shall establish
TSU in order to undertake its technical, supervisory and training
responsibilities under the Project; (ii) MAE shall appoint the
following key staff, all with qualifications and experience
satisfactory to the Association : Project Director; Financial
Controller and Manager of Procurement; and (iii) TSU shall prepare
and furnish to the Association, on a quarterly basis, consolidated
reports, including the reports of consultants employed under the
Project, and TSU's comments on said reports.
      (d)   Working Groups (WG):
            (i)    MAE shall establish and maintain during Project
                   implementation WGs staffed with senior officers                   
of MAE, MCA, CNA, INPF, CECs, Ministry of
                   Finance and reporting to the CG, as follows:
                   (A)   WGI for Part A of the Project,
                   (B)   WGII for Part B of the Project;and
                   (C)   WGIII for Part C of the Project.
           (ii)    The tasks of the WGs shall be coordinated by
                   their respective Chairperson. Each WG shall
                   establish its own internal structure.
          (iii)    The WGs shall be responsible for assisting MAE
                   on: substantive reform issues, developing terms
                   of reference for consultants, reviewing their
                   outputs and overseeing the implementation of the
                   Program.
           (iv)    The WGs shall meet, on a monthly basis, during
                   the first two years of Project implementation,
                   and quarterly, thereafter.
      (e)   Local Support Group(LSG)
            (i)    A LSG shall be established by MAE and each
                   Project City to ensure effective Project
                   implementation at the local level.
           (ii)    The LSGs shall be staffed with senior officers
                   of the respective CEC and representatives of
                   MAE, MOF, MCA, CNA and INPF shall meet, at
                   least, monthly.
      (f)    HABITAR
            (i)    The Borrower shall designate HABITAR, through an
                   expansion of its current functions, to carry out
                   technical, managerial and supervisory functions
                   with regard to the implementation of Part C of
                   the Project, in accordance with terms of
                   reference, staffing and institutional mandate
Page  16
                   satisfactory to the Association, in close
                   coordination with CNA.
           (ii)    HABITAR shall include the following technical
                   staff: (A) at the central level, Project
                   Manager; Senior Urban Planner (Key staff); and
                   Junior Civil Engineer. (B) At the local level:
                   Urban Planner, Decision Analyst, Junior Planner,
                   Economist/Financial Analyst, Physical Planning
                   and Technicians/Civil Engineers (one for each
                   Project City).
      (g)   CNA
            (i)    CNA shall be responsible for assisting the CECs
                   in the preparation and implementation of Part C
                   of the Project, at the local level.
           (ii)    CNA shall oversee the preparation and
                   implementation of the Pilot Subproject in
                   Nampula included under Part C.2 (b) of the
                   Project and shall closely liaise with HABITAR
                   for this purpose.
          (iii)    CNA shall be strengthened with the following
                   staff: Environmental Advisor and a local
                   Environmental Technician.
Part B:     Implementation Agreements
1.    For the purpose of Section 3.01 (e) of this Agreement, each
Project City shall, through its CEC, enter into an Implementation
Agreement with MAE, in order to be eligible to receive technical
support, training, vehicles, equipment and Pilot Subproject works.
2.    Under the respective Implementation Agreement, each Project
City shall: (A) implement the legal, institutional and fiscal
reforms prepared under the Project, in accordance with terms and
timetable agreed between the Borrower and the Association; and (B)
prepare and adopt a Municipal Development Program as set forth under
Part C.1 of the Project, in accordance with terms agreed between the
Borrower and the Association.
Part C:     Schedule of actions to be carried out by the Borrower
            during Project Implementation
1.    During the First Year of the Project:
      (a)   but not later than June 30, 1994, the Borrower shall
take all necessary legal and institutional measures to start its
legal and institutional reform, in accordance with the provisions of
Paragraphs 11 and 12 of the Letter of Sector Policy; and
      (b)   but not later than August 31, 1994, the Borrower shall
take all necessary legal measures to start its financial reform.
2.    During the Second Year of the Project:
      (a)   but not later than January 31, 1995, the Borrower shall
commence the preparation phase of the MDPs in the Project Cities;
and
      (b)   but not later than December 31, 1995, the Borrower shall
jointly with the Association agree on a program of actions to be
carried out until the completion of the Project, and update the
Letter of Sector Policy.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  17
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures. All
                   such deposits shall be withdrawn by the
                   Association from the Credit Account under the
                   respective eligible Categories, and in the
                   respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
                   been justified by said documents and other
                   evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
Page  18
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit
Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
