Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3507 TUN
               (Municipal Sector Investment Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   MUNICIPAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY
                       Dated October 7, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3507 TUN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 7, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and MUNICIPAL
DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (MDA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Tunisia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to seventy-five million dollars ($75,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that MDA agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by subsidiary financing agreements to be entered into
between the Borrower and MDA, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to MDA
on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Financing
Agreements; and
      WHEREAS MDA, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
            Execution of Parts B and C of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of MDA
      Section 2.01. MDA declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts B and C of the Project and
conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with sound
financial standards and practices, with qualified management and
personnel, and in accordance with the Charter and the Operational
Guidelines, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services, staff and other resources required for the
purpose.
      Section 2.02. (a) MDA shall adopt and thereafter maintain a
statement of lending policy and procedures, acceptable to the Bank,
which is designed to facilitate the efficient conduct of MDA's
operations and affairs, including the carrying out of its activities
under the Project.
      (b)   MDA shall carry out a program acceptable to the Bank for
the appointment to MDA of a management team and other staff, all
with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.03. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.01 of this Agreement and except as the Bank and MDA shall
otherwise agree, MDA shall carry out Parts B and C of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule
to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) MDA shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts B and C of the
Project and of each Development Project (including its cost and the
benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices the operations
and financial condition of MDA.
      (b)   MDA shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each of its
                   fiscal years audited, in accordance with appro-
                   priate auditing principles consistently applied,
                   by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case, not later than twelve months after the
                   end of its fiscal year ending December 31, 1991,
                   and thereafter, not later than six months after
                   the end of each of its fiscal years: (A) certi-
                   fied copies of its financial statements for such
                   year as so audited, and (B) the report of such
                   audit by said auditors of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Bank shall have reasonably re-
Page  3
                   quested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, MDA
shall open and thereafter maintain, in accordance with the provi-
sions of Section 3.01 of this Agreement, a separate account on its
books to which it shall credit each payment of interest and
repayment of principal under any Sub-loan. All amounts so credited
shall be utilized by MDA, to the extent they are not yet required to
meet MDA's payment or repayment obligations to the Borrower under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, exclusively to finance specific
projects for the further development of the Borrower's municipali-
ties.
      Section 3.03. MDA shall take such steps satisfactory to the
Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk of loss
resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the various
currencies (including the currency of the Borrower) used in its
operations.
      Section 3.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
MDA shall earn an annual return on its lending operations of not
less than 1.0% during each of its fiscal years ending December 31,
1993, December 31, 1994, December 31, 1995, December 31, 1996,
December 31, 1997 and December 31, 1998 and 1.5% during each of its
fiscal years thereafter.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years, MDA shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by MDA and satisfactory to the
Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following fiscal
year and shall furnish to the Bank the results of such review upon
its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that MDA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for MDA's fiscal years
covered by such review, MDA shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its interest rates and other financial
charges) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The annual return on MDA's lending shall be
                   calculated by dividing MDA's net operating
                   income for the fiscal year in question by one
                   half of the sum of the current net value of
                   MDA's assets at the beginning and at the end of
                   that fiscal year.
           (ii)    The term "net operating income" means total
                   operating revenues less total operating
                   expenses.
          (iii)    The term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                   nues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)    The term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to operations, including inter-
                   est and other charges on debt, administration,
                   adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu
                   of taxes, and provision for depreciation on a
                   basis acceptable to the Bank.
            (v)    The term "current net value of MDA's assets"
                   means the gross value of MDA's assets less the
                   amount of accumulated reserves allocated for
                   loan losses, as valued from time to time in
Page  4
                   accordance with sound and consistently main-
                   tained methods of valuation satisfactory to the
                   Bank.
      Section 3.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
MDA shall produce, for each of its following fiscal years funds from
internal sources equivalent to not less than the following percent-
age of the total principal amount of all loans made by MDA during
such fiscal year:
         (i)   for its fiscal year ending December 31, 1993: 20%;
        (ii)   for its fiscal year ending December 31, 1994: 30%;
       (iii)   for each of its fiscal years ending December 31,
               1995, December 31, 1996, December 31, 1997 and
               December 31, 1998: 35%; and
        (iv)   for each of its fiscal years thereafter: 40%.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years, MDA shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by MDA and satisfactory to the
Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following fiscal
year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that MDA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for MDA's fiscal years
covered by such review, MDA shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its interest rates and other financial
charges) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations, income on short-
                         term investments, repayments of loans made
                         by MDA, net non-operating income and any
                         reduction in working capital other than
                         cash; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions, including administration, adequate
                         maintenance and taxes and payments in lieu
                         of taxes (excluding provision for depreci-
                         ation and other non-cash operating charg-
                         es), debt service requirements, all cash
                         dividends and other cash distributions of
                         surplus, increase in working capital other
                         than cash and other cash outflows other
                         than capital expenditures.
           (ii)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)    The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
Page  5
           (iv)    The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all liabil-
                   ities which will become due and payable or could
                   under circumstances then existing be called for
                   payment within twelve months, including accounts
                   payable, debt service requirements, taxes and
                   payments in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Bank.
      Section 3.06. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
MDA shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of MDA shows that the estimated net
revenues of MDA for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt service
requirements of MDA in such year on all debt of MDA including the
debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of MDA.
           (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
          (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-operat-
                         ing income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions including administration, adequate
                         maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                         taxes, but excluding provision for depre-
                         ciation, other non-cash operating charges
                         and interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
Page  6
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including sink-
                   ing fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
           (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by MDA not earlier than twelve months
                   prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                   which both the Bank and MDA accept as reasonable
                   and as to which the Bank has notified MDA of its
                   acceptability, provided that no event has oc-
                   curred since such notification which has, or may
                   reasonably be expected in the future to have, a
                   material adverse effect on the financial condi-
                   tion or future operating results of MDA.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Bank.
      Section 3.07. (a) Without limitation upon the provisions of
Sections 3.03, 3.04 and 3.05 of this Agreement, and except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, MDA shall: (i) charge interest (A) on
infrastructure loans made by it during each of its fiscal years
ending December 31, 1992, December 31, 1993, December 31, 1994,
December 31, 1995 and December 31, 1996, at a rate equal at least to
6.5% per annum and (B) on other loans made by it during the period
referred to in sub-paragraph (a) (i) (A) hereof, at a rate  equal to
at least 4% per annum; and (ii) charge interest (A) on infrastruc-
ture loans made by it during each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending December 31, 1996, at a rate equal at least 8.5%
per annum and (B) on other loans made by it during the  period
referred in sub-paragraph (a) (ii) (A) hereof, at a rate equal at
least to 6% per annum.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section, the term "infrastruc-
ture loans" means all loans other than loans for sanitation
equipment and vehicles financed out of resources of MDA obtained
from suppliers' credits.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of MDA thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify MDA thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
Page  7
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                       248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC),
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                   197688 (TRT)
      For MDA:
            c/o Ministry of Interior
            Avenue Habib Bourguiba
            1000 Tunis
            Tunisia
                                           Telex:
                                             14522 TRANS.TN
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of MDA, or by MDA on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by its Director
General or such other person or persons as its Director General
shall designate in writing, and MDA shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Caio K. Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                               Middle East and North Africa Region
                         MUNICIPAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY
                         By /s/ Ismail Khelil
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  8
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
                 for Parts B and C of the Project
      The provisions of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes
of Section 2.03 of this Agreement.
General
1.    MDA shall: (a) duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Financing Agreements, and, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Financing Agreements or any provision thereof;
      (b)   at the request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank
with regard to the progress of Parts B and C of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Financing Agreements, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan; and
      (c)   promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Parts B
and C of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by MDA of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Financing Agreements.
2.    MDA shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports and maintenance, respectively) in respect of the
Project Agreement and Parts B and C of the Project.
Part B of the Project
3.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of the
goods and consultants' services required for Part B of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
4.    Under Part B of the Project, MDA shall develop and introduce,
not later than June 30, 1993, an accounting system acceptable to the
Bank.
5.    MDA shall: (a) prepare and furnish to the Bank, not later than
December 31 of each calendar year, for its review and comments the
proposed program of training to be carried out under Part B of the
Project during the next following calendar year; and (b) thereafter,
carry out such program of training as shall have been agreed with
the Bank.
Part C of the Project
6.    MDA undertakes that, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree,
Sub-loans and Grants shall be made to Beneficiaries on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in the Annex to this Schedule.
7.    MDA shall exercise its rights in relation to each Development
Project in such manner as to protect the interests of the Bank and
of MDA, comply with its obligations under this Agreement and the
Subsidiary Financing Agreements and achieve the purposes of the
Project, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, not assign,
amend, abrogate or waive any such agreement.
8.    MDA shall: (a) coordinate and monitor the overall execution of
Parts B and C of the Project, appraise Development Projects financed
through Sub-loans or Grants made by it and supervise the carrying
out thereof in accordance with the Operational Guidelines and other
policies and procedures satisfactory to the Bank; and (b) take all
measures necessary to ensure that, except as the Bank may otherwise
agree, the aggregate amount of all Grants made for a single
Development Project under Part C (1) (a) of the Project shall not
Page  9
exceed an amount equivalent to the aggregate amount of the principal
of all Sub-loans made for such Development Project.
                       ANNEX TO SCHEDULE
                 Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
                            and Grants
      The principal terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
this Annex shall apply for the purposes of paragraph 6 of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
A.    Terms.
1.    The principal amount of each Sub-loan and the amount of each
Grant shall be: (a) denominated in Dinars; and (b) the equivalent in
Dinars (determined as of the date or respective dates of withdrawal
from the Loan Account or payment out of the Special Account) of the
value of the currency or currencies so withdrawn or paid out on
account of the cost of goods and services financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan for the Development Project for which such Sub-
loan or Grant, as the case may be, is made.
2.    Each Sub-loan shall be charged interest, on the total
principal amount thereof withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate determined in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.07 of this Agreement.
3.    Each Sub-loan shall be made for a period not exceeding 15
years, inclusive of a grace period not exceeding 2 years.
4.    Each Sub-loan and each Grant shall be made on further terms,
whereby MDA shall obtain, by written contract with the Beneficiary
or other appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the
interests of the Bank and MDA, including, as applicable:
      (a)   that MDA shall have the right to suspend or terminate
the right of the Beneficiary to the use of the proceeds of the Sub-
loan or Grant, as the case may be, upon failure by such Beneficiary
to perform its obligations under its contract providing for the Sub-
loan or Grant;
      (b)   that each Beneficiary shall undertake to:
            (i)    carry out and operate the Development Project
                   with due diligence and efficiency and in accor-
                   dance with sound technical, financial and mana-
                   gerial standards and practices and appropriate
                   health, safety and environmental standards
                   satisfactory to the Bank, maintain adequate
                   records, and provide, promptly as needed the
                   funds, facilities and other resources required
                   for the purpose;
           (ii)    procure the goods, works and consultants' ser-
                   vices required for the Development Project and
                   to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
                   in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4
                   to the Loan Agreement and use such goods, works
                   and services exclusively in the carrying out of
                   the Development Project;
          (iii)    enable the Bank and MDA to inspect such goods
                   and the sites, works, plants and construction
                   included in the Development Project, the opera-
                   tion thereof, and any relevant records and
                   documents;
           (iv)    take out and maintain with responsible insurers
                   such insurance, against such risks and in such
                   amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
                   business practice, including, without limita-
Page  10
                   tion, such insurance to cover hazards incident
                   to the acquisition, transportation and delivery
                   of goods financed out of the proceeds of the
                   Loan to the place of use or installation, any
                   indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a
                   currency freely usable by the Beneficiary to
                   replace or repair such goods; and
          (v)      prepare and furnish to MDA, for forwarding to
                   the Bank if so requested by the Bank, all such
                   other information as the Bank or MDA shall
                   reasonably request relating to the foregoing and
                   to the administration, operations and financial
                   condition of the Beneficiary and to the benefits
                   to be derived from the Development Project; and
      (c)   that each Beneficiary of a Sub-loan shall maintain at
all times the debt service coverage ratio referred to in Part B.1
(c) of this Annex.
B.   Conditions.
1.    Each Sub-loan and each Grant shall be made only to a Benefi-
ciary which shall have established to the satisfaction of MDA on the
basis of guidelines satisfactory to the Bank, that: (a) in respect
of a Beneficiary other than a regional or municipal administration
of the Borrower, it is creditworthy, and has a sound financial
structure; (b) it has the organization, management, staff and other
resources required for the efficient carrying out and operation of
the Development Project; (c) it is in a position to maintain a debt
service coverage ratio equal at least to 1.3:1; and (d) its
projected financial resources shall be sufficient to enable it to
meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Development Project.
2.    Each Sub-loan and each Grant shall be made only for a
Development Project which: (a) is determined to be technically
feasible and financially viable and designed in accordance with
appropriate health, safety and environmental standards; (b) in the
case of a Development Project estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or more, is calculated to have a financial rate of return
and an economic rate of return of at least 12% each; and (c)
estimated to generate revenues adequate to cover the operating and
maintenance costs thereof as they are incurred and recover in
progressive steps over a suitable period of time a reasonable
portion of the capital costs thereof; all as shall be determined and
calculated by MDA on the basis of guidelines satisfactory to the
Bank.
3.    Expenditures for goods, works and services required for a
Development Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan only:
      (a)   if such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank or MDA, as the
case may be, shall have received the information required under
subparagraph (b) or (c) hereof;
      (b)   if (i) (A) the Sub-loan for such Development Project
shall have been one of the first two Sub-loans to be made under any
of Parts C (1) (a), C (1) (b) or C (2) of the Project, or (B) the
principal amount of the Sub-loan made for such Development Project,
when added to the amount of any Grant made therefor shall be equal
to an amount equivalent to $500,000 or more, and (ii) such Sub-loan
and any Grant to be made for the Development Project shall have been
approved by the Bank on the basis of information furnished to the
Bank, comprising an application, in form satisfactory to the Bank,
together with a description of the Beneficiary and an appraisal of
the Development Project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan and any such Grant,
including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan, and such
Page  11
other information as the Bank shall reasonably request; and
      (c)   if the Sub-loan for such Development Project shall have
been a Sub-loan other than a Sub-loan referred to in sub-paragraph
(b) hereof, and such Sub-loan and any Grant to be made for the
Development Project shall have been approved by MDA on the basis of
a request and information furnished to MDA, comprising a summary
description of the Beneficiary and the Development Project,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan and terms and conditions of the Sub-
loan and any such Grant, including the schedule of amortization of
the Sub-loan.
