Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3494 VE
                         Project Agreement
                   (Student Loan Reform Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                FUNDACION GRAN MARISCAL DE AYACUCHO
                        Dated April 5, 1994
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3494 VE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 5, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and FUNDACION GRAN
MARISCAL DE AYACUCHO (FUNDACION).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Republic of Venezuela (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to fifty eight million dollars ($58,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that FUNDACION agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS FUNDACION, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) FUNDACION declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A and B.1 of the
Project, with the participation of the Fiduciary in connection with
said Part A, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, and educational
practices and each Annual Investment Program, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for Parts A and B.1 of the
Project.
      (b)   FUNDACION shall enter into an agreement, satisfactory to
the Bank, with the Fiduciary for purposes of, inter alia, transfer-
ring to the Fiduciary the proceeds of the Loan required to make
student loans under Part A of the Project.
      (c)   FUNDACION shall cause the Fiduciary, under the Fiduciary
Agreement, to make student loans in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the Student Loan Regulations.
      (d)   FUNDACION shall cause the Fiduciary, under the Fiduciary
Agreement, to: (1) exercise its rights under each Convenio in such
a manner as to protect the interest of the Bank, the Borrower and
FUNDACION; and (2) not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving any
Convenio or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. FUNDACION shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts A and B.1 of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) FUNDACION shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of Parts A and
B.1 of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Fiduciary Agreement and the Subsidiary Agreement and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   FUNDACION shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan,
or the performance by FUNDACION of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Fiduciary Agreement, and under the Subsidiary
Agreement.
      Section 2.05. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
2.04 of this Agreement, FUNDACION shall, not later than May 15 in
each year during Project execution furnish to the Bank:
      (a)   a progress report on the Project, of such scope and
detail as the Bank may reasonably request, including, inter alia:
(i) a section detailing progress in implementation of the Project in
the previous year; and (ii) specific and justified proposals for
adjustments in Project implementation based on the results of the
previous years; and
Page  3
      (b)   for its review and approval, a proposed annual invest-
ment program, providing for the activities, implementation schedule
and proposed budget in respect of the Project during the upcoming
year. Such proposed annual investment program shall be based on the
Implementation Plan with regard to Parts B.1 (a) and (b) and B.2 of
the Project.
      Section 2.06. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
2.04 of this Agreement, FUNDACION shall:
      (a)   not later than June 15 of each year during the execution
of the Project, starting in 1995, hold annual reviews jointly with
the Bank, the Borrower and ESCUELA, such reviews to be based on the
reports referred to in Section 2.05 of this Agreement and to focus,
inter alia, on the following items: (i) evaluation of the progress
in execution and in the achievement of the objectives of the Project
based on, among other factors, the Monitoring Indicators; (ii)
discussions of the proposed annual investment program for the
upcoming year; and (iii) any changes in Project implementation that
may be necessary;
      (b)   In respect of the annual review to be held in 1997 (mid-
term review) in addition to the items referred to in (a) above, such
review shall focus on, inter alia, progress in the execution of the
action plans referred to in Section 3.04 (b) of the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   If as a result of any of the above annual reviews,
progress in the execution of Part A or B.1 of the Project or in the
achievement of the objectives of the Project is not satisfactory to
the Bank, FUNDACION shall promptly take or cause to be taken all
such remedial action as the Bank shall request to achieve such
objectives or to carry out efficiently Parts A and B.1 of the
Project.
      Section 2.07. (a) Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 2.01 of this Agreement, FUNDACION shall carry out Part A of
the Project in accordance with the Student Loan Regulations.
      (b)   Unless, otherwise agreed by the Bank, FUNDACION shall
not amend, suspend, abrogate, or waive the Student Loan Regulations
or any part thereof.
      Section 2.08. FUNDACION shall duly perform all of its
obligations under the Subsidiary Agreement, the Fiduciary Agreement
and each Administration Contract. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, FUNDACION shall not take or concur in any action which would
have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Agreement or the Fiduciary Agreement or an Administration
Contract or any provisions thereof.
      Section 2.09. (a) FUNDACION shall complete or cause to be
completed: (i) the studies referred to under Part B.1 (c) (ii) and
(iii) of the Project not later than September 30, 1995; (ii) the
study referred to under Part B.1 (c) (iv) of the Project not later
than December 31, 1993; and (iii) the study referred to under Part
B.1 (c) (i) of the Project not later than December 31, 1995.
      (b)   Promptly upon the completion of each study referred to
in (a) above, FUNDACION shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
study and its recommendations and provide to the Bank a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment thereon.
      (c)   FUNDACION shall, based on the results and recommenda-
tions of the studies referred to in paragraph (a) above and the
Bank's comments thereon, formulate and furnish to the Bank programs
or plans of actions, satisfactory to the Bank, in respect of each
study not later than six months after the completion date provided
in paragraph (a) above of the respective study.
      (d)   FUNDACION shall implement each of the programs or plans
of action referred to in paragraph (c) above, in a manner and under
Page  4
a timetable satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.10. (a) FUNDACION shall complete, or cause to be
completed: (i) the study referred to under Part B.1 (d) (ii) of the
Project not later than December 31, 1995; (ii) the study referred to
under Part B.1 (d) (i) of the Project not later than June 30, 1996;
and (iii) the study referred to under Part B.1 (d) (iii) of the
Project not later than December 31, 1996.
      (b)   Promptly upon the completion of each study referred to
in paragraph (a) above, FUNDACION shall furnish to the Bank and the
Borrower a copy of such study and its recommendations.
      Section 2.11. FUNDACION shall: (a) maintain an organizational
structure, functions, and staff, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
efficient implementation and supervision of Parts A and B.1 of the
Project; (b) promptly inform the Bank of any change in its organiza-
tional structure or functions; and (c) without limitation or
restriction to paragraph (a) above, operate and maintain the Project
Unit and the Steering Committee with functions, structure and staff
satisfactory to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
              Management and Operations of FUNDACION
      Section 3.01. FUNDACION shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and educational practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. FUNDACION shall at all times operate and
maintain its offices, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and technical practices.
      Section 3.03. FUNDACION shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) FUNDACION shall maintain, or cause to
maintain, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices its operations and financial
condition, including separate records and accounts for the Project.
      (b)   FUNDACION shall:
            (i)    have, or cause to have, the records and accounts
                   referred to in paragraph (a) for each Fiscal
                   Year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year a certified copy of the report
                   of such audit by said auditors of such scope and
                   in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
Page  5
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of FUNDACION thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify FUNDACION thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For FUNDACION:
            Fundacion Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho
            Edificio Fundayacucho
            Calle 3 B
            La Urbina
            Caracas, Venezuela
                                           Telex:
                                             23418
                                             28213
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of FUNDACION, or by FUNDACION on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by its
President or such other person or persons as the President shall
designate in writing, and FUNDACION shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
Page  6
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         FUNDACION GRAN MARISCAL DE AYACUCHO
                         By /s/ Leopoldo E. Lopez Gil
                                         Authorized Representative
