Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3229 HU
             (Integrated Agricultural Export Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 29, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3229 HU
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 29, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and National Bank of Hungary (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred million
dollars ($100,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
Page  2
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                           ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
Part A of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the
Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                           ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   take all measures necessary to liquidate each large
scale farm which is participating in the Guarantor's 1987-1990 debt
reduction program and subsequent programs and has failed to meet the
financial targets specified in such debt reduction program and has
been determined to be insolvent; and
      (b)   by April 30 of each year, review with the Bank the
progress achieved under such debt reduction program, which review
shall include, inter alia, the number of large scale farms which
failed to meet the financial targets specified in such program, the
farms selected for liquidation, and the progress achieved under such
program for the rehabilitation of low efficiency farms.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   maintain and monitor its program for the reduction of
investment, production and export subsidies to the agricultural
sector within and consistent with the overall subsidy reduction
program;
      (b)   by December 31, 1990, reduce all agricultural subsidies
by at least one third of the agricultural subsidies in effect during
the 1989 calendar year calculated in current prices; and
      (c)   before the end of each calendar year beginning in 1990,
review with the Bank: (i) the progress achieved in meeting the
subsidy reduction target specified in such program for the
Page  3
agricultural sector; and (ii) the new target to be achieved during
the next calendar year and thereafter consider the Bank's comments
on such new target in preparing the final proposal for such calendar
year.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall: (a) review its income
support program for farms on poor quality land of the Guarantor as
such land is defined in Decree No. 150/1989 (XII 28) of the Council
of Ministers of the Guarantor on Various Forms of Taxes and
Subsidies of Agricultural Activities; and (b) by December 31, 1991,
revise such income support program in such a manner, inter alia,
that income support does not determine or influence the specific
crops or livestock to be produced at the farm level.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall: (a) review the results of
the implementation of its program of investment tax credits for the
agricultural sector; and (b) based on the results of such review, by
December 31, 1992, submit to the legislature draft legislation
providing for the revision of investment tax credits in such a
manner that such investment tax credits do not determine or
influence the specific crops or livestock to be produced at the farm
level.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall, by December 31, 1991, adopt
a plan of action:
      (a)   for the gradual reduction of the licenses on the imports
of agricultural products; and
      (b)   for the use of tariffs on the imports of agricultural
products in accordance with the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade (GATT) negotiations to protect domestic agricultural producers
from the effects of below market pricing by foreign competitors.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall, by December 31, 1991, adopt
regulations which require all farms to include on their balance
sheets for accounting purposes land as an asset with notional value.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor shall, by June 30, 1991, submit
draft legislation to the legislature providing for: (a) the
possibility of and conditions for the assignment of ownership rights
in the net assets (other than agricultural land) of the cooperatives
to the members of such cooperatives; and (b) the definition of
ownership rights in agricultural land.
      Section 3.08. In order to make possible the use of
agricultural land as collateral for commercial bank credits, the
Guarantor shall, by June 30, 1991, take all measures necessary to
make agricultural land mortgageable for commercial bank loans.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The First Deputy President or General Manager of
the Borrower is designated as representative of the Guarantor for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            National Bank of Hungary
            Department for International
              Development Institutions
            H - 1850 Budapest
            Szabadsag ter 8-9
            Republic of Hungary
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  4
                 BANKO                      227267 SMAFU-H,
                 Budapest                   225755 BANKO-H or
                                            227028 BANKO-H
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                        By /s/ Endre Mandy
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                              RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Eugenio F. Lari
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
