Page  1
                                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                                       CREDIT NUMBER 2771 TA
                           Development Credit Agreement
                     (Financial Institutions Development Project)
                                     between
                           UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                                       and
                      INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                           Dated October 27, 1995
                                                       CREDIT NUMBER 2771 TA
                           DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 27, 1995, between UNITED REPUBLIC
OF TANZANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter, dated
February 23 1995, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to strengthen and
reform the Borrower's financial sector (hereinafter called the
Program), and declaring the Borrowerþs commitment to the
execution of the Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in
the financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                               ARTICLE I
Page  2
                     General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "MOF/URT" means the Borrowerþs Ministry of Finance;
      (b)   "MOF/GOZ" means the Ministry of Finance of the
Government of Zanzibar, part of the Borrowerþs territory;
      (c)   "BOT" means the Bank of Tanzania established pursuant
to the Bank of Tanzania Act, No. 12 of 1965 as amended;
      (d)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to a letter from the Association, dated January 17,
1995 and countersigned by the Borrower on January 25, 1995.
      (e)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (f)   "NBC" means the National Bank of Commerce established
pursuant to the National Bank of Commerce Act, No. 1 of 1967,
as amended;
      (g)   "PBZ" means the People's Bank of Zanzibar
incorporated in 1966 under the  Companies Decree, Chapter 153
of the Laws of Zanzibar;
      (h)   "TIB" means the Tanzania Investment Bank, established
pursuant to the Tanzania Investment Bank Act, No. 20 of 1970,
as amended;
      (i)   "THB" means the Tanzania Housing Bank, established
pursuant to the Tanzania Housing Bank Act, No. 34 of  1972, as
amended;
      (j)   "PTF" means the Privatization Trust Fund referred to
in Part C.2 of the Project, to be established by the Borrower
and to which the Borrower shall transfer retained shares of
privatized parastatals, with a view to the distribution of said
shares to Tanzanian nationals through collective instruments
and/or the stock exchange;
      (k)   "CMSA" means the Capital Markets and Securities
Authority established pursuant to the Capital Markets and
Securities Act, No. 5 of 1994;
      (l)   "Government Securities" means bonds, notes,
certificates of indebtedness and other negotiable or
transferable instruments evidencing the public debt of the
Borrower; and
      (m)   "TZS" means Tanzania Shillings, the Borrower's
currency.
                               ARTICLE II
                               The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
Page  3
currencies equivalent to seven million five hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 7,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and pay to itself the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn
and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges
thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of
the Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be canceled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each
year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each March 15 and September
15 and commencing September 15, 2005, and ending March 15,
2035. Each installment to and including the installment payable
Page  4
on March 15, 2015, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. BOT is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or
permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                               ARTICLE III
                        Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
through BOT, all with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial sector
and capital market practices and shall provide promptly, as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable to the
Association, and furnish to the Association not later than six
Page  5
months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan for the future operation of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate
administrative, financial sector and capital market practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall until completion of the
Project: (a) furnish annually to the Association not later than
six months immediately following the end of the respective
financial years of NBC and PBZ, the annual financial accounts
of NBC and PBZ, audited by independent auditors selected in
accordance with the provisions of the Borrowerþs Banking and
Financial Institutions Act, No. 12 of 1991; and (b) prior to
furnishing each of the said accounts ensure that (i)
adjustments requested by the said auditors in the said accounts
shall be made by NBC and PBZ in the accounts; and (ii) any loan
of NBC and PBZ classified as a loss, in accordance with the BOT
directives, shall be written off.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall by October 31, 1995,
based on the diagnostic evaluation: (a) offer for sale at least
one urban branch network of NBC; and (b) identify a joint
venture partner for the corporate subsidiary of NBC.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall by October 31, 1995: (a)
appoint, or cause to be appointed, a General Manager and a
Financial Controller to assist PBZ under terms of reference and
with qualifications, acceptable to the Borrower and the
Association; and (b) ensure that PBZ has commenced
implementation of the restructuring plan referred to in Part
A.2 of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to
be maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                   for the Special Account, for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such
                   detail, as the Association shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
Page  6
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives
                   to examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate
                   opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                   statements of expenditure submitted during such
                   fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                   internal controls involved in their
                   preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                   related withdrawals.
                                ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that
the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
                               ARTICLE VI
                       Effectiveness; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has completed the diagnostic evaluation
of NBC and has furnished to the Association a time-bound action
plan, including an interim business plan and a recovery plan
for NBCþs top fifty non-performing loans, satisfactory to the
Association, for the implementation of the downsizing and
restructuring of NBC;
      (b)   NBC has appointed consultants to carry out the
divestiture strategy referred to in Section 3.05 of this
Agreement and Part A.1 of the Project; and
      (c)   the Borrower has contracted the banking advisory
services referred to in paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                              ARTICLE VII
Page  7
                  Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister, at the time responsible for Finance of
the Borrower, is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 9111
            Dar es Salaam
            United Republic of Tanzania
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   TREASURY                      41329
                   Dar es Salaam
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   INDEVAS                       248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.               82987 (FTCC)
                                                  64145 (WUI) or
                                                 197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                         UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                         By /s/ Mustafa Nyang'anyi
                                                   Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                             Regional Vice President, Africa
                                 SCHEDULE 1
                    Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                                 Credit                 % of
                                Allocated           Expenditures
Page  8
                              (Expressed in          to be
      Category               SDR Equivalent)        Financed
(1)   Equipment,               340,000             100% of foreign
      vehicles and                                 expenditures and
      computers                                    75% of local
                                                   expenditures
(2)   Consultants'           4,800,000             80%
      services for
      the Project
      (other than
      Part B.3
      of the Project)
(3)   Training                 480,000             100%
(4)   Consultantsþ           1,030,000             80%
      services for
      Part B.3 of the
      Project
(5)   Refunding of             550,000             Amount due
      Project                                      pursuant to
      Preparation                                  Section 2.02 (c)
      Advance                                      of this Agreement
(6)   Unallocated              300,000
                              ________
      TOTAL                  7,500,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied
from the territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b) any
study to be financed under Category (4) until the Association
has approved the terms of reference for such study.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods, services and training under
contracts not exceeding $30,000 equivalent, under such terms
and conditions as the Association shall specify by notice to
the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) encourage
competition in the commercial banking sector; (ii) strengthen
banking regulation and supervision; (iii) improve the payment
system; (iv) promote and support parastatal reforms, including
privatization, of state-owned enterprises; (v) develop a market
for Government Securities; (vi) establish a regulatory
structure for securities markets and insurance; and (vii)
develop a corporate securities market.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Page  9
Part A:   Bank Restructuring
1.    Implementation of a divestiture strategy for NBC, based on
the findings and recommendations of the diagnostic evaluation,
including: (a) the strengthening and reorganization of NBC and
its operations under professional management; (b) the
divestiture of at least one urban branch network; (c) the
establishment of a joint venture corporate subsidiary; and (d)
a plan for addressing NBC's impaired loan portfolio.
2.    Restructuring of PBZ under professional management, into
a viable commercial bank, including the preparation of a
business plan, formulation of appropriate policies and
operating procedures, installation of effective internal
control, the design of a marketing strategy and the
introduction of new financial services.
3.    Provision of advisory services to MOF/URT and MOF/GOZ, to
monitor the implementation of the restructuring plans for NBC,
PBZ, TIB and THB.
Part B:   Financial Infrastructure Strengthening
1.    Strengthening BOT's Bank Supervision Directorate through
the training of its staff in supervision of problem
institutions, on-site examinations and methodology development.
2.    Establishment of an insurance commission, including
drafting and implementation of prudential regulations for
licensing, regulating and supervising insurance companies.
3.    Carrying out of: (a) studies to assess the feasibility of:
(i) the development of a national payments and clearing system;
and (ii) the establishment of a credit information bureau; and
(b) such other studies identified by the Borrower and the
Association, as shall facilitate the carrying out of this Part
of the Project.
Part C:   Capital Markets Development
1.    (a)   Assisting and strengthening CMSA in the regulation
and development of the capital market, including the
establishment of a viable capital market in Tanzania and the
preparation of such regulations as shall be necessary for the
purpose.
      (b)   Training of dealers and potential stockbrokers.
      (c)   Carrying out a basic publicity and educational
program for the general public, including nationwide
distribution of information.
      (d)   Completion of the first public issue, including
design of distribution procedures, determination of offer
prices and allotment procedures.
      (e)   Preparation of a stock exchange blue-print and action
plan.
2.    Establishment and management of the Privatization Trust Fund.
                                   * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                                 SCHEDULE 3
                     Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods
Page  10
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), and in
accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Association's prior review in accordance with the provisions of
Part D.1 (a) of this Section, the Association's prior approval
will be required for: (i) a first extension of the bid validity
period if the period of extension exceeds sixty days; and (ii)
any subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the
purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Tanzania may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and
2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix
2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    All vehicles, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$100,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed $100,000 equivalent, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
Page  11
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers
and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex,
time-based assignments, the Borrower shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued
by the Bank, the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed
with the Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to contracts
for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts or to the employment of
individuals, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms,
(c) assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined
by the Association, or (d) amendments to contracts for the
employment of consulting firms raising the contract value to
$50,000 equivalent or above.
                               SCHEDULE 4
                          Implementation Program
1.    BOT shall be responsible for supervising the carrying out
of the Project, coordinating its implementation and monitoring
its progress. The Director of the Financial Markets Directorate
within BOT, shall be responsible for: (a) administering Project
funding and procurement processing, (b) managing the Special
Account and other project accounts, and overseeing and
coordinating Project implementation activities by various
Page  12
institutions, (c) following up on the agreed conditions and
financial provisions, and (d) furnishing to the Association
periodic Project progress reports.
2.    The Borrower shall appoint and maintain until completion
of the Project, banking advisers with qualifications and under
terms of reference acceptable to the Association, to assist the
MOF/URT and MOF/GOZ in supervising the restructuring of NBC,
PBZ, TIB and THB.
3.    The Borrower shall: (a) furnish to the Association, no
later than October 31, 1995, NBC's finalized business plan,
including a recovery plan for NBC's non-performing loans; and
(b) promptly thereafter cause NBC to carry out its operations
in accordance with the performance targets contained therein.
4.    The Borrower shall ensure that NBC promptly furnishes BOT
with monthly reports on outstanding loans to large borrowers.
For the purposes of this paragraph, the term þlarge borrowers'
is defined as the borrowers with outstanding loans of TZS 100
million and above.
5.    The Borrower shall cause BOT to: (a) by October 31, 1995,
furnish to the Association, for its review and comments, the
1995/1996 annual work program for the Banking Supervision
Directorate, including the terms of reference and work program
of the consultants required to assist in the implementation of
Part B.1 of the Project; and (b) by March 31 in each year
commencing 1996, furnish to the Association, for its review and
comments, an annual program for the Banking Supervision
Directorate, for the year next following each such year.
6.    The Borrower shall cause BOT to furnish to the
Association: (a) by October 31, 1995, an annual report on the
financial status of all banks with action plans, for its review
and comments, for problem institutions identified in such
report; and (b) by September 30 in each year commencing 1996,
the annual reports on the financial status of all banks and
financial institutions, with action plans for problem
institutions identified in such reports.
7.    The Borrower shall by December 31, 1995, furnish to the
Association for its review and comments the work plan for the
establishment of the Insurance Commission, referred to in Part
B.2 of the Project, including details of resource requirements.
8.    The Borrower shall: (a) maintain until completion of the
Project a Chief Executive Officer of the CMSA, with
qualifications and under terms of reference, acceptable to the
Association;
      (b)   by October 31, 1995, furnish to the Association, an
annual work program and budget for CMSA, for review and
comments for 1996; and
      (c)   by September 30 in each year, commencing in 1996,
furnish to the Association an annual work program and budget
for CMSA, for review and comments, for the year next following
each such year.
9.    The Borrower shall ensure that by December 31, 1995: (a)
a management team for the PTF, acceptable to the Association,
has been selected; and (b) a draft management contract for the
PTF has been furnished to the Association for its comments.
10.   (a)   The Borrower shall , through BOT, no later than March
31, 1997, and in collaboration with MOF/GOZ, NBC, PBZ and CMSA
carry out, jointly with the Association, a mid-term review of
the progress made in carrying out the Project and the Program.
The terms of reference of such review shall be acceptable to
the Association and shall include an assessment of:
Page  13
            (i)    the progress made in implementing the Project;
            (ii)   NBC's performance as against the performance
                   targets in its business plan;
            (iii)  implementation of PBZ's restructuring plan;
            (iv)   the restructuring of the banking sector;
            (v)    improvements in the regulatory environment for
                   the financial sector; and
            (vi)   project management.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, three months before such review,
prepare and furnish to the Association the reports, in scope
and detail satisfactory to the Association, needed to undertake
the review, including the preparation of a program of action,
to deal with deficiencies in Project implementation identified
prior to such review.
      (c)   Based on such review, the Borrower shall promptly
prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the Association, for
the further implementation of the Project and the Program, and
shall thereafter implement such action plan.
                               SCHEDULE 5
                             Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3
(a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $250,000 until the
aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account plus
the total amount of all outstanding special commitments entered
into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the equivalent of SDR
2,000,000.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
Page  14
have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                   the payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested.  On the basis of
                   each such request, the Association shall, on
                   behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
                   Credit Account and deposit into the Special
                   Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                   requested and as shall have been shown by said
                   documents and other evidence to have been paid
                   out of the Special Account for eligible
                   expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Credit Account in accordance with
the provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and
paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
      (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
      (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
      (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount
of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
Page  15
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified.  Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
