Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3602 IND
              (Cirata Hydroelectric Phase II Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                        Dated June 25, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3602 IND
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 25, 1993 between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PERUSAHAAN UMUM
LISTRIK NEGARA (PLN).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred four million dollars
($104,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that PLN agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and PLN, a part of the proceeds of the loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement ($101,700,000 equivalent) will be
relent to PLN on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS PLN, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. PLN declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts A and B of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, managerial, public utilities
and environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for such parts of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works and consultants' services required for
Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PLN shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts A and B of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. PLN shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PLN shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan; and shall prepare and furnish to the Bank,
for its review and comments, quarterly Project progress reports
which reports shall include an assessment of the environmental
aspects under the Project.
      (b)   PLN shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by PLN of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. (a) Pursuant to arrangements, dated June 1988,
regarding the maintenance and inspection of the Cirata dam and
related structures (Cirata dam) referred to in Schedule 2 of the
Loan Agreement (Thirteenth Power Project) dated June 22, 1983,
between the Borrower and the Bank (Loan 2300-IND), PLN shall
continue to have the Cirata dam, periodically inspected in
accordance with sound engineering practices in order to determine
whether there are any deficiencies in the condition of the structure
or in the quality or adequacy of maintenance or method of operation
of the same, which may endanger its safety. PLN shall also have the
Cirata dam inspected by independent experts whose qualifications and
Page  3
experience are satisfactory to the Bank, as may be reasonably
required by the Bank.
      (b)   Pursuant to the arrangements referred to in sub-
paragraph (a) above, PLN shall continue to implement the program of
maintenance of the Cirata dam in accordance with Section 2.09 of the
Project Agreement, dated June 22, 1983, between the Bank and PLN for
the Thirteenth Power Project (Loan 2300-IND).
      Section 2.07. PLN shall: (a) by October 31, 1993, formulate
and submit to the Bank, for its review and comments, proposals and
action plans for: (i) creating a database for service reliability
and consumer waiting lists in its operations; and (ii) improving
service reliability and reducing consumer waiting lists in its
operations; and (b) thereafter, implement the said action plans
taking into account the comments, if any, by the Bank, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.08. PLN shall operate the Cirata Hydroelectric Plant
in accordance with environmental guidelines satisfactory to the
Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of PLN
      Section 3.01. PLN shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering, managerial, public utility and environmental  practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02.  (a) PLN shall maintain its existence and right
to carry on its operations and shall take all steps necessary to
acquire, maintain and renew all interest in land and other prop-
erties and all rights, powers, privileges and franchises which are
necessary or useful in carrying out Parts A and B of the Project or
in the conduct of its business.
      (b)   PLN shall at all times operate and maintain its plants,
facilities, equipment and other property, and promptly as required,
make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, in accordance with
sound engineering and public utility practices.
      (c)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall not
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its property or
assets which shall be required for the efficient operation of its
business and undertaking.
      Section 3.03. PLN shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PLN shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b) PLN shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
Page  4
                   the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audited
                   and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. PLN shall periodically review its long run
marginal costs and tariff structure, and shall exchange views with
the Borrower and the Bank on the results of the review.
      Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN
shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of PLN shows that the projected net
revenues of PLN for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the projected debt service
requirement of PLN in such year on all debt of PLN including the
debt to be incurred. For the purposes of this Section:
      (a)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLN maturing
by its terms more than one year after the date on which it is
originally incurred.
      (b)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a loan
contract or agreement or other instrument providing for such debt or
further modification of its terms of payment, on the date of such
contract, agreement or instrument; and (ii) under a guarantee
agreement, on the date the agreement providing for such guarantee
has been entered into.
      (c)   The term "net revenues of PLN" means gross revenues of
PLN from all sources, adjusted to take account of the PLN's tariffs
in effect at the time of the incurrence of debt even though they
were not in effect during the twelve-month period to which such
revenues relate, less all operating expenses of PLN, including
expenses accountable to administration, maintenance and taxes (or
payments in lieu of taxes), but before provision for depreciation of
assets and interest and other charges on debt.
      (d)   The term "debt service requirement" means the aggregate
amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if any) of,
and interest and other charges on, debt.
      (e)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast prepared
by PLN in the fiscal year in which the debt in question is to be
incurred, which both the Bank and PLN accept as reasonable and as to
which the Bank has notified PLN of its acceptability, provided that
no event has occurred since such notification which has, or may
reasonably be expected in the future to have, a material adverse
effect on the financial condition or future operating results of
PLN.
      (f)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
necessary to value, in terms of currency of the Borrower, debt
payable in another currency, such valuation shall be made on the
basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which such other
currency is, at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
purposes of servicing such debt, or, with absence of such rate, on
the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. PLN shall, as part of its on-going annual
planning procedures: (i) prepare a ten-year financial forecast based
on its proposed development plans; (ii) test each proposed develop-
ment plan for financial feasibility; (iii) develop a financing plan
Page  5
covering the first five years of the forecast period which will
specify the quantum of external funding and the appropriate mix of
equity and debt and, to the extent possible, identify potential
financial sources; and (iv) ensure that its recommended development
plans and associated financial forecasts and financing plan are
jointly reviewed with the Borrower and the Bank prior to their
adoption by its Board.
      Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree:
(i) PLN shall, from time to time, take all such measures as shall be
required to realize for its Java operations, for its fiscal year
1993/94 and in each of its fiscal years thereafter, an annual rate
of return of not less than eight percent (8%) of the average net
current value of PLN's fixed assets in operation in Java; and (ii)
PLN shall, from time to time, take all such measures as shall be
required with respect to its outside-Java operations to produce not
later than its fiscal year 1994/95 and in each fiscal year
thereafter, total revenues equal to not less than the sum of: (A)
total operating expenses; and (B) the amount by which debt service
requirements exceed the provision for depreciation, of outside-Java
operations.
      (b)   Before December 31 in each year, commencing on Decem-
ber 31, 1993, PLN shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PLN
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether its tariffs are
adequate to meet the requirements set forth in paragraphs (a) (i)
and (ii) of this Section for the next fiscal year, and shall furnish
to the Bank such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    the required annual return shall be calculated
                   by dividing PLN's net operating income for its
                   Java operations for the fiscal year in question
                   by one-half of the sum of the current value of
                   PLN's net fixed assets in operation for its Java
                   operations at the beginning and the end of that
                   fiscal year;
            (ii)   the term "net operating income" means the
                   revenues from all sources related to PLN's Java
                   operations less all expenditures incurred on
                   account of such operations, including expenses
                   of administration, adequate maintenance and
                   taxes or any payments in lieu of taxes, and
                   provision for depreciation calculated on
                   revaluated assets pursuant to Section 4.03 of
                   this Agreement. Interest and other charges on
                   debt shall not be deducted from gross revenues;
            (iii)  the term "value of PLN's net fixed assets in
                   operations for its Java operations" means the
                   gross value of PLN's fixed assets in operation
                   on Java less the amount of accumulated deprecia-
                   tion and consumers' contributions, all as valued
                   from time to time in accordance with the methods
                   of valuation or revaluation referred to in
                   Section 4.06 of this Agreement;
            (iv)   the term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                   outside-Java operating revenues and net outside-
                   Java non-operating income;
            (v)    the term "total outside-Java operating revenues"
                   means revenues from all sources related to
                   operations from outside Java;
            (vi)   the term "net outside-Java non-operating income"
                   means the difference between:(A) outside-Java
                   revenues from all sources other than those
                   related to operations; and (B) expenses,
                   including taxes and payments in lieu of taxes,
Page  6
                   incurred in the generation of revenues in (A)
                   above;
            (vii)  the term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to outside-Java operations,
                   including administration, adequate maintenance,
                   taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                   provision for depreciation calculated on
                   revaluated assets pursuant to Section 4.03 of
                   this Agreement, but excluding interest and other
                   charges on debt;
            (viii) the term "debt service requirements" relating to
                   outside-Java operations means the aggregate
                   amount of repayments (including sinking fund
                   payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                   charges on, debt; and
            (ix)   whenever, for the purposes of this Section, it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower debt payable in another
                   currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                   acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.06. For the purposes of the calculations referred to
in Section 4.05 (a) (i) and (ii) of this Agreement, PLN shall for
its fiscal year 1993/94 and for each fiscal year thereafter, revalue
its fixed assets (including work in progress and consumers'
contributions), and accumulated depreciation, in a manner satisfac-
tory to the Bank.
      Section 4.07. The provisions of Section 4.06 (a)(ii) of the
Project Agreement (Power Transmission Project) dated August 8, 1991
entered into between the Bank and PLN (Loan 3349-IND), and the
provisions of Section 4.05 (a) (ii) of the Project Agreement
(Suralaya Thermal Power Project) dated August 26, 1992, entered into
between the Bank and PLN (Loan 3501-IND) are hereby superseded by
the provisions of Section 4.05 (a) (ii) of this Agreement.
      Section 4.08. Except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall:
      (a)   review annually with the Bank and the Borrower, PLN's
proposed investment plan for the next five fiscal years, including
the priorities assigned to the investments included under such plans
and the balance between the generation, transmission and
distribution of electric power likely to result from such
investments; and
      (b)   annually review with the Bank and the Borrower, PLN's
development plan and associated financial forecasts and financing
plan provided for in Section 4.04 of this Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PLN thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify PLN thereof.
Page  7
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      For PLN:
            Perusahaan Umum Listrik Negara
            Jalan Trunojoyo 135
            Kebayoran Baru
            Jakarta 12160
            Indonesia
            Cable address:                 Telex:
            PLNPST                         47156 PLNPST IA
            Jakarta                        47248 PLNPST IA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PLN may be taken or executed by its President
Director or such other person or persons as the President Director
shall designate in writing, and PLN shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                             INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                               RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                             By /s/ Gautam Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
Page  8
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                             PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                             By /s/ Mr. Tjahjono, Charghungarumlaut d'Affaires
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Works
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
      Civil works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the
Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign currency components and
the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such an
increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      With respect to each contract for civil works, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 of the Guidelines
shall apply.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist PLN in carrying out Parts A and B of the
Project, PLN shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
