Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2478 ET
                   Development Credit Agreement
         (Recovery and Rehabilitation Project for Eritrea)
                              between
                             ETHIOPIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated April 7, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2478 ET
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 7, 1993, between  ETHIOPIA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the Provisional
Government of Eritrea (PGE) and the Borrower will make available to
PGE the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and PGE;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and PGE pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
      (c)   "PGE" means the Provisional Government of Eritrea,
established pursuant to Proclamation No. 23/92 dated May 22, 1992;
      (d)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and PGE, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement; and
      (e)   "PMU" means the Program Management Unit referred to in
Section 2.01 (c) of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eighteen million one hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 18,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
Page  3
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing August 15, 2003, and ending February 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 15,
2013, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Secretary of Finance of PGE is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Development Credit
Agreement, shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
Page  4
would prevent or interfere with PGE's performance of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit to
PGE under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and the PGE, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association including provisions in the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement requiring repayment of the principal
amount of the Credit relent to PGE and payment of service charge and
commitment charge by PGE on the same terms and conditions as apply
to the Borrower with respect to the Credit.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by PGE pursuant
to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   PGE shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement; and
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that PGE will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in Section 5.01 (a) of this Agreement shall
occur.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and PGE.
      Section 5.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by PGE, and is legally binding upon PGE in accordance with
its terms; and
Page  5
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and PGE and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and PGE in accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            P.O. Box 1905
            Addis Ababa
            Ethiopia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                   Addis Ababba              21368
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         ETHIOPIA
                         By /s/ Berhane G. Christos
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  6
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Civil Works                450,000        50%
      under Part B
      of the Project
(2)   Equipment,                                100% of foreign
      materials,                                expenditures
      vehicles,
      including
      replacement
      and spare
      parts under:
      (a)  Part A (i),         8,500,000
           (iii) and
           (iv) and B
           of the
           Project
      (b)  Part A (ii)
           of the
           Project:
           (i) Public Sector   6,400,000
          (ii) Private Sector    650,000
      (c)  Part D of             100,000
           the Project
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)   Consultants'               200,000        100%
      services and
      training under
      Part B of the
      Project
(4)   Goods and                  720,000        100% of foreign
      work under                                expenditures and
      under Part C                              80% of local
      of the Project                            expenditures
(5)   Unallocated              1,080,000
                               _________
           TOTAL              18,100,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made: (a) in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) in respect of
all payments, unless the Association has received satisfactory
evidence that fully functioning accounting systems have been put in
Page  7
place at the PMU; and (c) in respect of Category (4), unless the
Association has received satisfactory evidence that detailed
operating/implementation guidelines for the Community Rehabilitation
Fund, including selection criteria for project proposals, have been
adopted by PGE.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist PGE in
rehabilitating, reconstructing, maintaining and operating priority
sectors of Eritrea's economy.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as PGE and the Association may agree upon from
time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Importation of Goods
      Importation of goods described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement
for the following sectors, namely:
      (i)   the Agricultural Sector;
     (ii)   the Industrial Sector;
    (iii)   the Roads Sector; and
     (iv)   the Power Sector.
Part B:     Infrastructure Rehabilitation
      Rehabilitation of roads/bridges, and improvement of road
depots, and repair of road maintenance equipment.
Part C:     Community Rehabilitation Fund
      Financing, through matching grants to local communities, of
activities to rehabilitate basic social and economic infrastructures
in the areas of, inter alia, health, education, natural resources
management, and small transportation infrastructures.
Part D:     Program Management Unit (PMU)
      Strengthening of PMU's capacity to carry out the Project.
                           *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1995.
                           SCHEDULE 3
            Goods referred to in Part A of the Project
       and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
            .Irrigation pumps
            .Tractors
            .Lowbed trail
            .Vehicles
            .Office equipment
            .Telecommunication equipment
            .Soya flour, milk powder, yeast and sodium
            .Bicarbonate
            .Sugar, wheat
            .Egg powder, glucose, coffee
            .Bleaching earth, cotton seed, caustic soda, nickel
            .Catalyst
            .Essences, additives, concentrates, citric acid,
             vanilla,
            .tartar color
Page  8
            .Plastic and can materials, wrapping paper, packing
            .Materials
            .Lint cotton, polyester yarn, polyester viscose,
             acrylic
            .yarn, nylon yarn, wool, acrylic and wool waste
            .Jute and kenaf
            .Dyestuffs and chemicals, chrome and chemicals
            .Natural, thermoplastic and synthetic rubbers
            .Sewing thread and cones
            .Lining and reinforcement
            .Zipper, plastic strips and bands, upper felt
            .Aluminum rod, circle and sheet, electrodes, lockers,
             handles, bolts and nuts
            .Cast iron ingot; pig iron, steel billets and bars,
                         .cold and hot rolled steel sheets and
                         sections
            .Steel coils
            .Galvanized sheets and wires
            .Zinc and ingots, tin plate, plastic sheet and roll
            .Paint, glue, frits, varnish
            .Sponge, Synthetic leather, plastic sheet and roll
            .Wood, chip wood, plywood, formica, hard board
            .Engine and chassis
            .Mirror and glass sheet
            .Switches, breaker, filter papers, gasket, electrode,
             carbon coke
            .Refractory bricks
            .Fatty acids and other soap making agents
            .Paper pulp, tissue paper
            .Sole, glue, molds, canvas, elastic lace, elastic yarn
            .Resins, PVC, polythenes, polyethylene, polyurethane,
             and chemicals; chemical malt, molasses, cork, filter
             paper
            .Footwear outers and lining, synthetic upper cover for
             shoe, duban, bergamode
            .Ball point pen accessories
            .Grinding ball, paper bags, paraffin wax
            .Cardboard, craft paper, packing materials
            .Printing ink, printing chemicals, paper, printing
             plates
            .Spare parts and equipment for food processing industry
            .Beverage making industry
            .Textile industry
            .Leather and leather product industry
            .Non-metallic (including Cement industry and
             ceramics industry)
            .Printing machinery
            .Chemical processing industry
            .Metal working and engineering industry
            .Road maintenance equipment, tools and materials
            .Spare parts and replacement parts for diesel
             generators
            .Purifiers
            .Closed-circuit cooling radiators for generators
            .Transmission lines poles, cross arms and conductors
            .Diesel generators
            .Vehicles
            .Radio communication equipment, electric meters and
             tools
            .Computers
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
Page  9
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
Page  10
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
