Page  1
                                                     CONFOMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3208 ME
         (Telecommunications Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 5, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3208 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 5, 1990, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y
Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
1 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to twenty two million
dollars ($22,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to, and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Transfer of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely
as surety, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangement referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement with
the Borrower and except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of such
contractual arrangement.
                            ARTICLE III
             Execution of the Project; Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and to this end shall carry out the Project through SCT,
all with due diligence, efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and telecommunications
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, all funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      Section 3.02. The Bank and the Guarantor agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition) in respect of the Project shall be
carried out by the Guarantor.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed from the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be
provided, to the Borrower all documents and records in respect of
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Loan required
to enable the Borrower to comply with the provisions of Section 4.01
of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor, through SCT, shall:
Page  3
      (a)    Not later than each March 30, June 30, September 30 and
December 31 of each year during the implementation of the Project
provide to the Bank a written report on the progress achieved in the
implementation of the Project, with such scope and in such detail as
the Bank shall reasonably request;
      (b)   Not later than February 28 of each year during the
implementation of the Project, provide to the Bank a written
evaluation concerning the progress achieved in the implementation of
the Project during the preceding calendar year, with such scope and
in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request; and
      (c)   Within 30 days of submitting the evaluation referred to
in paragraph (b) above, discuss with the Bank the progress achieved
in carrying out the Project, and based on such discussions shall
take such measures as may be reasonably required to ensure that the
objectives of the Project are fully achieved in a timely manner.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices and operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Guarantor responsible for carrying out the Project
or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the loan
                  account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
Page  4
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General of the Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de
              Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central, Oficina 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                    Telex:
                                      1777313 SHDCME
                                    Fax:
                                      5225721
                                      5424581
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:          Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD            197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.     248423 (RCA)
                                        64145 (WUI) or
                                        82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Gustavo Petricioli
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  5
                  By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                            Latin America and the Caribbean Region
