Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                NETHERLANDS GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2448 IN
                    Netherlands Grant Agreement
           (Social Safety Net Sector Adjustment Program)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               as Administrator of Netherlands Funds
                          provided by the
               MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
                        OF THE NETHERLANDS
                      Dated December 17, 1992
                NETHERLANDS GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2448 IN
                    NETHERLANDS GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 17, 1992, between INDIA (the
"Grantee") and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as
Administrator (the "Administrator") of the Netherlands Grant (as
hereinafter defined) provided by the Minister for Development
Cooperation of the Netherlands (the "Minister").
      WHEREAS the Grantee has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the "Association") and of the
Minister in the financing of urgently needed imports required during
the execution of the Grantee's Program for strengthening the Social
Safety Net, described in a letter from the Grantee to the
Association, dated November 30, 1992 (the "Program");
      WHEREAS the Association has granted a Credit for this purpose
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, of even date herewith, between the Grantee and the
Association (the "Development Credit Agreement");
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Minister wishes to make available to the Grantee
a grant to assist the Grantee in carrying out the Program on the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth ("Netherlands Grant");
      WHEREAS by arrangements dated December 11, 1986 between the
Minister, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
and the Association (the "Arrangements"), the Minister has requested
the Association, and the Association has accepted, to administer,
inter alia, the Netherlands Grant in accordance with the provisions
of the Arrangements; and
      WHEREAS the Grantee acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to the Grantee under this Netherlands Grant Agreement shall
be considered as part of the bilateral development aid extended by
the Government of the Netherlands to the Grantee;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to Development
Credit Agreements of the Association, dated January 1, 1985 (the
"General Conditions") constitute an integral part of this Agreement
subject, however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association acting
as Administrator of the Netherlands Grant pursuant to the
Arrangements, except in the phrase "member of the Association" in
Sections 2.01 (5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02 (e);
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", whenever used
in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Netherlands Grant extended to the Grantee
under this Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Netherlands Grant Account, the account opened
by the Administrator in its books in the name of the Grantee to
which the amount of the Netherlands Grant is credited;
      (e)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Program' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Netherlands Grant
      pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development
      Credit Agreement";
      (f)   in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting in its own
capacity;
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Grantee and the Administrator, the Grantee shall prepare and
      furnish to the Administrator a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Administrator shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Project referred to in the Preamble to
      the Netherlands Grant Agreement, the performance by the
      Grantee and the Administrator of their respective obligations
      under the Netherlands Grant Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Netherlands Grant"; and
      (h)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04, 4.06,
6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), and Article XII are deleted.
Page  3
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
Development Credit Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the terms Dutch Guilders and "f." mean the currency of
the Netherlands.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Grantee, on the terms and conditions herein set forth or referred
to, a grant in an amount of one hundred million Dutch Guilders
(f.100,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) Subject to Section 2.02 (b) below, the
proceeds of the Netherlands Grant may be withdrawn from the
Netherlands Grant Account in accordance with the provisions of the
Schedule to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be amended from
time to time by agreement between the Grantee and the Administrator.
      (b)   The Administrator shall not be obligated to make any
payment under this Agreement except to the extent it shall first
have received funds for the purpose from the Minister.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, contracts for goods and services to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Netherlands Grant shall be procured in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement which is hereby incorporated into this Agreement with the
same force and effect as if it were fully set forth herein, it being
understood that the references in said Schedule to the "Association"
and the "Development Credit Account" shall be deemed to be
references to the Association acting as Administrator of the
Netherlands Grant and the Netherlands Grant Account, respectively.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any item is inconsistent with the procedures
set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no expenditures for
such item shall be financed out of the proceeds of the Netherlands
Grant, and the Administrator may, without in any way restricting or
limiting any other right, power or remedy of the Administrator under
this Agreement, by notice to the Grantee, cancel such amount of the
Netherlands Grant as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion,
represents the amount of such expenditures which would otherwise
have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the
Netherlands Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993 or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Grantee of such later date.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
Articles III and IV of the Development Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as
if they were fully set forth herein, it being understood that all
references in said Articles III and IV to the "Association" shall be
deemed to be references to the Administrator of the Netherlands
Grant under this Agreement and all references to the "Credit" and
the "Credit Account" shall be deemed to be references to the
Netherlands Grant and the Netherlands Grant Account, respectively.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Remedies of the Administrator
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Page  4
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely,
that the right of the Grantee to withdraw the proceeds of the Credit
shall have been suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or in
part, pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                           Effectiveness
      Section 5.01. (a) This Agreement shall become effective as of
the date first above written upon dispatch by the Association to the
grantee of a notice in writing pursuant to Section 12.03 of the
General Conditions that the Development Credit Agreement has become
effective.
      (b)   This Agreement shall continue in effect until the
Netherlands Grant has been fully disbursed and the parties to this
Agreement have fulfilled their obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE VI
        Representation; Transfer of Rights and Obligations
      Section 6.01. The Secretary, any Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretary of the
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the
Grantee is designated as the representative of the Grantee for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Grantee:
            The Secretary to the Government
              of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, PIN 110001,
            India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Administrator:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      Section 6.03. In accordance with the Arrangements, the rights
and obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement may be
transferred to the Minister. The Grantee accepts and agrees that,
upon notice by the Administrator to the Grantee to that effect, the
Minister shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such notice,
be substituted in all rights and obligations of the Administrator
under this Agreement as if the Minister had been an original party
to this Agreement, without any further action or formality required
on the part of any party, and from such date the Administrator shall
cease to have any rights or obligations as a party under this
Agreement.
Page  5
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                  INDIA
                  By /s/ Narayan Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     as Administrator of the Netherlands Grant
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                             SCHEDULE
                    Withdrawal of the Proceeds
                     of the Netherlands Grant
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Netherlands Grant may be withdrawn
from the Netherlands Grant Account for expenditures made (or, if the
Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods required during the execution of the
Program and to be financed out of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or sub-groups or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Administrator by
notice to the Grantee:
      Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
      112            __             Alcoholic beverages
      121            __             Tobacco, unmanufactured tobacco
                                    refuse
      122            __             Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco
                                    substitutes)
      525            __             Radioactive and associated
                                    materials
      667            __             Pearls, precious and semi-
                                    precious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
      718         718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements (cart-
                                    ridges), non-irradiated for
                                    nuclear reactors
      728.43         --             Tobacco processing machinery
Page  6
      Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
      897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                    platinum group metals (except
                                    watches and watch cases) and
                                    goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
      971            __             Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Grantee or for goods
supplied from the territory of the Grantee;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of f.50,000,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
August 31, 1992;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $25,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance except
under the terms of this Agreement; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$5,000,000 equivalent may be permitted by the Administrator upon the
basis of statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions
as the Administrator shall specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Grantee in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Netherlands
Grant after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Netherlands Grant
withdrawn from the Netherlands Grant Account and the total amount of
such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of f50,000,000,
unless the Administrator shall have notified the Grantee in writing,
that the conditions for disbursement of the Credit set out in
paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement has
been complied with to the satisfaction of the Association.
5.    If, after the exchange of views referred to in paragraph 4  of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement, the Association
shall have given notice to the Grantee that the progress achieved
and actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90 days after
such notice, the Grantee shall not have achieved progress and taken
actions satisfactory to the Association, then the Administrator may,
by notice to the Grantee, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Netherlands Grant or any part thereof.
