Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2448 IN
                   Development Credit Agreement
           (Social Safety Net Sector Adjustment Program)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 17, 1992
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2448 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 17, 1992, between INDIA, acting by
its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIA-
TION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
November 30, 1992 from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to strengthen the Borrower's social
safety net (hereinafter called the Program), declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports required during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower has received from the United States Agency
for International Development (USAID) a grant of food aid which will
generate in the Borrower's currency the equivalent of thirty five
million dollars ($35,000,000) (the USAID Grant) to assist in
financing the Program in accordance with the terms and conditions
set forth in an agreement dated May 28, 1992 between USAID and the
Borrower;
Page  2
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Minister of Development
Cooperation of the Netherlands (the Minister) for a grant in an
amount of one hundred million Guilders (Dfl.100,000,000) (the
Netherlands Grant) to assist in financing the Program;
      (D)   the Borrower and the Association intend to enter into an
agreement (the Netherlands Grant Agreement) making arrangements for
the Association to process applications for withdrawal of the
proceeds of the Netherlands Grant and regulating certain other
matters of common interest in connection with such financing;
      (E)   the Borrower has requested the Federal Republic of
Germany for a loan in an amount of fifty million Deutsche Marks (DM
50,000,000) to be provided through the Kreditanstalt fur
Wiederaufbau (KfW) (the KfW Loan) to assist in financing the
Program;
      (F)   the Borrower has requested the Commission of the
European Communities for a grant in an amount of one hundred fifty
million European Currency Units (ECU 150,000,000) equivalent (the EC
Grant) to assist in financing the Program;
      (G)   the Borrower has requested the Asian Development Bank
(ADB) for a loan in an amount of one hundred million dollars ($100
million) (the ADB Loan) to assist in financing the Program; and
      (H)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Asso-
ciation has decided to provide such assistance to the Borrower in
support of the Program by making the Credit in two tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "§Project§ means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to
      the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms shall have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classi-
fication, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986);
Page  3
      (b)   "FY" means the Borrower's financial year, commencing
April 1 each year and ending March 31 the following year;
      (c)   "States" or "State" means, respectively, the states or
a state of the Borrower; and
      (d)   "Rs." means the currency of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to three hundred fifty four million seven hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 354,700,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
May 1, 2003 and ending November 1, 2027. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on November 1, 2012 shall be one
and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ("Bank") shall
Page  4
consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association
may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by the Executive
Directors of the Association and after due consideration by them of
the development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such installment not yet
due until the principal amount of the Credit shall have been repaid.
If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may revise such
modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in
the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an
annual rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of
the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not
change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
Page  5
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 3.04. Without prejudice to any other obligation of the
Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, the Borrower shall submit to
the Association by May 25, 1993 audit reports, with form and content
satisfactory to the Association, in respect of all withdrawals from
the Credit Account up to April 30, 1993 on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely,
that:
      (a)   that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be
carried out; and
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                  the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                  proceeds of the  Netherlands Grant shall have
                  been suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole
                  or in part, pursuant to the terms of the
                  agreement providing therefor;
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  Project are available to the Borrower from other
                  sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                  the obligations of the Borrower under this
                  Agreement.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
the event specified in paragraph (b) (i) of Section 4.01 of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) (ii)
of that Section.
Page  6
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following is specified as an additional
condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01(b) of the General Conditions,
namely that all conditions precedent to the Netherlands Grant
Agreement, except the effectiveness of this Agreement, shall, in the
opinion of the Association, have  been complied with.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. The Secretary, any Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary, or Under Secretary of the
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government
              of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, PIN 110001, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INDIA
                  By /s/ Narayan Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
112               -                 Alcoholic beverages
121               -                 Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                                    tobacco refuse
122               -                 Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco
                                    substitutes)
525               -                 Radioactive and associated
                                    materials
667               -                 Pearls, precious and semi-
                                    precious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
718               718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements (cart-
                                    ridges), non-irradiated for
                                    nuclear reactors
728.43              -               Tobacco processing machinery
897               897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                    platinum group metals (except
                                    watches and watch cases) and
                                    goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
971                 -               Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 70,940,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
August 31, 1992;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
Page  8
less than $25,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$5,000,000 may be permitted by the Association upon the basis of
statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 177,350,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association:
      (a)   with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program;
      (b)   that the macroeconomic framework of the Borrower is
consistent with the Program; and
      (c)   that the actions described in Schedule 3 to this
Agreement have been taken.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 4
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $5,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international circula-
Page  9
                  tion; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $5,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries, except that direct
contracting procedures acceptable to the Association may be used
where considered appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines.
3.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
3 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the submission to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof,
such documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 5 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (c)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
Program Financing
1.    Completion of all approvals to make adequate funds available
to meet the additional costs of the revamped and expanded programs
in primary education, primary health, disease control, Integrated
Child Development Services (ICDS) as well as the National Renewal
Fund (NRF) pursuant to the Program.
Page  10
2.    Completion by the Committee of Secretaries to the Government
of India appointed by the Borrower, of a review of the financing of
the social sectors and the commencement of implementation of
recommendations arising from such review, to ensure the timely
availability of funds for the Program and the enhanced mobilization
of non-budgetary resources for tertiary education and tertiary
health care.
Coordination and Integration of Program Implementation
3.    (a)   Selection by the Borrower, in respect of each component
of the Program (primary education, primary health, disease control
and ICDS), of districts where each such component would be
implemented on a priority basis, using indicators relevant to the
concerned component, such as educational backwardness, maternal
mortality rates, infant mortality rates and the incidence of poverty
and endemic diseases.
      (b)   Finalization by the Borrower of mechanisms for district-
level coordination of Program implementation with respect to the
districts selected pursuant to paragraph 3(a) above, including (i)
definition of the responsibility of the district administration; and
(ii) issuance of instructions for linking implementation of the
Program to district development plans.
Primary Education
4.    (a)   Completion by the Borrower of detailed action plans for
intensified implementation of the primary education component of the
Program in selected districts.
      (b)   Transfer by the Borrower to each of the districts
referred to in sub-paragraph 4(a) above, of the first installment of
funds required for the implementation of the action plans referred
to in sub-paragraph 4(a) above.
      (c)   Appointment by concerned authorities of key management
staff for the Program at State and district levels in respect of the
districts referred to in sub-paragraph 4(a) above.
Health
5.    (a)   Completion of assessment by the Borrower of
pharmaceutical requirements in ninety targeted districts.
      (b)   Delivery by the Borrower of an initial batch of
pharmaceuticals to selected districts in kits developed under the
Borrower's Child Survival and Safe Motherhood Program.
6.    (a)   Completion by the Borrower of detailed facility surveys,
and detailed action plans based thereon, for implementing the
revised and expanded health program, in respect of selected
districts.
      (b)   Transfer by the Borrower to each of the districts
referred to in sub-paragraph 6(a) above, of the first installment of
funds required for the implementation of the action plans referred
to in sub-paragraph 6(a) above.
      (c)   The provision of an assurance by each of Bihar, Gujarat,
Haryana, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh
and West Bengal to the Borrower that each such State shall provide,
within a stipulated time frame, the services of at least one female
doctor at each primary health center identified for provision of
enhanced safe motherhood facilities in the districts referred to in
sub-paragraph 6(a) above.
Disease Control
7.    (a)   Completion by the Borrower of detailed reviews of the
effectiveness and coverage of its programs for the control of
Page  11
blindness, malaria and tuberculosis.
      (b)   Adoption by the Borrower of a national action plan for
tuberculosis and action plans for controlling blindness and malaria
in designated States.
Nutrition
8.    (a)   Completion by the Borrower of State-wise reviews of
shortfalls in required feeding days under the Borrower's ICDS
program in selected States.
      (b)   Commencement of construction of godowns in the States
referred to in sub-paragraph 8(a) above.
      (c)   Achievement of the feeding norm required under the ICDS
program in at least 50% of anagnwadis under the ICDS program in each
of the following States: Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa and
Rajasthan.
Employment and Income Generation
9.    Satisfactory progress in implementation of the NRF Business
and Financial Plan during FY 1992 - 1993; approval by the Borrower
of the FY 1993 - 1994 NRF Business and Financial Plan; and the
allocation of necessary funds for NRF for FY 1993 - 1994 as required
pursuant to such Business and Financial Plan.
