Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3704 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
        (On-farm and Minor Irrigation Networks Improvement Project)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                            Dated June 10, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3704 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 10, 1994, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in
various currencies equivalent to two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
Page  2
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges
on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and
the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower, CNA
and IMTA, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement
and the IMTA Instruction Letter.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail to
enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements. The Guarantor shall
exercise its rights under such contractual arrangements in such manner as
to protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the
purposes of the Loan.
      Section 2.03. The Guarantor shall provide, in a timely manner as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and, to this
end, without any limitation or restriction upon any of its other obligations
under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
      (a)   carry out Part A.1 of the Project through CNA with the
assistance of Water Users' Organizations;
      (b)   carry out Part B.1 of the Project through CNA with the
assistance of Irrigation Farmers;
      (c)   carry out Parts A.2, B.2, C.1, C.3, C.4, and C.6 of the Project
through CNA;
      (d)   carry out Parts C.2 and C.5 of the Project, and provide
assistance in the carrying out of Part C.4 and Part C.6 of the Project,
through IMTA;
      (e)   ensure that CNA and IMTA carry out said Parts of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial, technical, scientific, administrative, and environmental
standards and practices; and
      (f)   provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, to CNA and
IMTA the facilities, services and other resources required for said Parts
Page  3
of the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement
of the goods, works (engineering services, field surveys, drilling and
topographic services) and consultants' services required for Parts A.2, B.2,
and C.1 through C.6 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor, through CNA and IMTA, shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition) with regard to the Parts of a Project to be carried out by CNA
and IMTA, respectively.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   maintain within CNA, in a manner acceptable to the Bank, an
organizational structure with functions and with appropriately qualified
staff in adequate numbers for the implementation and supervision of the
Project, including a project unit for the coordination of all Project
activities within CNA and between CNA and all other entities involved in the
execution of the Project and to manage all budgeting, reporting and
procurement requirements of the Project;
      (b)   establish and operate within the Project Unit a project
monitoring system acceptable to the Bank; and
      (c)   through CNA, inform the Bank of any proposed change in the
Project Unit and the Project Monitoring System, or in the organizational
structure or functions of CNA if such change may
affect the implementation of the Project, prior to making such change.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor shall, through CNA, commence
implementation of Parts A.2, B.2 and C.1 of the Project for Group II of the
Selected Modules during 1994 and shall ensure that all feasibility studies
for Subprojects are completed by December 31, 1995 or such other date as may
be agreed upon with the Bank.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall, through the Engineering Field
Offices, prepare or approve the feasibility studies referred to in Part C.1
of the Project according to a timetable acceptable to the Bank. After
completion of each feasibility study, the Guarantor, through CNA, shall
enter into a Design Commitment Agreement with the relevant Water Users'
Organization prior to starting the preparation of detailed construction
designs. All such Design Commitment Agreements and Construction Designs
shall be prepared in accordance with terms of reference agreed upon with the
Bank.
      Section 3.07. Prior to execution of any Subproject, the Guarantor,
through CNA, shall enter into an implementation and cost recovery agreement
with the relevant Water Users' Organization, subject to the following:
      (a)   all said agreements shall follow a standard form acceptable to
the Bank;
      (b)   all said agreements shall provide for capital cost recovery of
a minimum of fifty percent (50%) of CNA's cost for equipment and materials
contributed to Minor Irrigation Network Improvements under Part A.2 of the
Project and one hundred percent (100%) of CNA's cost for equipment and
materials contributed to On-farm Irrigation Improvements under Part B.2 of
the Project, and for assumption of one hundred percent (100%) of operation
and maintenance cost of Minor Irrigation Network Improvements and On-farm
Irrigation Improvements by Irrigation Farmers. The Implementation and Cost
Recovery Agreements with all Water Users' Organizations in the Selected
Modules shall be signed by the Guarantor, through CNA, not later than May
31, 1996.
      Section 3.08. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall ensure that the Design
Manual shall be prepared in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank and
shall distribute it to Engineering Field Offices, Water Users' Organizations
Page  4
and other parties involved in the implementation of the Project not later
than January 1, 1995.
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall enter into an
agreement, satisfactory to the Bank, with a specialized company or companies
for the purpose of carrying out inventory control of construction machinery
and materials procured by CNA and transferred to Water Users' Organizations
under Parts A.2 and B.2 of the Project. Said agreement shall specify, inter
alia, that the company shall monitor the procurement process, carry out
inventory control at the levels of the suppliers, CNA and the Water Users'
Organizations, and prepare at least two comprehensive inventory control
reports each year. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall forward a copy of said
reports to the Bank for its review and comment and shall take, or cause to
be taken, such corrective action in procurement, delivery or inventory
practices as the Bank may reasonably require.
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor shall cause CNA, through its Director
General, to issue an instruction letter to IMTA satisfactory to the Bank for
the execution of Parts C.2, C.4, C.5 and C.6 of the Project.
      Section 3.11. Without limitation upon the provisions of Section 9.01
of the General Conditions, the Guarantor, through CNA, shall:
      (a)   present to the Bank a draft budget and annual work plan for the
Project not later than September 30 of each year;
      (b)   hold semi-annual reviews of the Project with the Bank not later
than October 31 of each year;
      (c)   hold annual reviews of the Project with the Bank not later than
March 31 of each year;
      (d)   provide to the Bank one month prior to each semi-annual and
annual review a progress report on the progress of the Program, the
implementation of the Project and on the execution by CNA, IMTA, Water
Users' Organizations, and banks participating in Part B.3 of the Project of
their respective responsibilities under the Project, said progress reports
to be in a format and of such scope and detail as the Bank may reasonably
request but shall in all cases discuss the topics referred to in the letter
of even date herewith from the Guarantor to the Bank;
      (e)   include in each progress report referred to in paragraph (d)
above a comparison of actual progress in the implementation of the Project
with the implementation indicators agreed upon with the Bank and set forth
in the letter of even date herewith from the Guarantor to the Bank;
      (f)   hold a midterm review with the Bank during the semi-annual
review in 1997 and, for this purpose, include in the progress report for
said review: (i) the results of an impact study on agricultural productivity
in the Selected Modules and of a socio-economic survey of the members of the
Water Users' Organizations in the Selected Modules, said study and survey
to be carried out on the basis of terms of reference acceptable to the Bank
and to be completed in the second half of 1996; and (ii) the progress
achieved in the execution of the Program; and
      (g)   promptly take all such action, satisfactory to the Bank, as
shall be necessary for the efficient execution of the Project or the
achievement of its objectives if, as a result of any such semi-annual or
annual review, including the midterm review, progress in the execution of
the Project or in the achievement of the objectives of the Project is not
satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.12. With respect to the execution of Part B.3 of the
Project, the Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be provided:
      (a)   credit facilities to Irrigation Farmers on the same basis as
financing for forestry activities or other projects with long maturation
periods as may be required; and
      (b)   present to the Bank by June 30 of each year a report giving the
number and value of loans by type of investment, by bank, and by Irrigation
District during the preceding year.
Page  5
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall ensure that all
Participating Irrigation Districts shall establish their regulations in
accordance with the objectives and the requirements of the Water Law and
that the Water Users' Organizations in the Participating Irrigation
Districts shall make such changes to their statutes as may be required by
the Water Law.
      Section 3.14. The Guarantor shall carry out a study, on the basis of
terms of reference acceptable to the Bank, with respect to the usage and
stabilization of the three main Pacific coast endangered aquifers. Said
study shall focus, in particular, on: (a) the impact of the Guarantor's
policies during the period 1988-1994 with respect to production costs,
including particularly electricity tariffs and other fuel tariffs, on
sustainable groundwater utilization, especially in the area of said
aquifers, and (b) all related environmental issues, including contamination
by sea water and draw-down of aquifer levels. On the basis of the findings
and recommendations of said study, the Bank may authorize the inclusion in
the Project of groundwater irrigation improvement works in the area of said
three aquifers on a pilot basis on such terms and conditions as the Bank,
after discussion of relevant issues with the Guarantor, may specify in
writing.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain through CNA and IMTA
records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in connection with the
execution of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have such records and separate accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing
                  standards and procedures consistently applied, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case
                  not later than six months after the end of each such
                  year, a certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                  said records and accounts as well as the audit thereof as
                  the Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditures, the
Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                  Section, records and separate accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
                  the last withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out
                  of the Special Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b)
                  of this Section and that the report of such audit
                  contains a separate opinion by said auditors as to
Page  6
                  whether the statements of expenditure submitted during
                  such fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals were made
from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower any
information that may be required by the Borrower to comply with the
Borrower's obligations under Section 4.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of the
Guarantor's Ministry of Finance and Public Credit is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
            Oficina 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F., Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                            1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By /s/ Guillermo Ortiz Martinez
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  7
                        By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
