Page  1
                                        LOAN NUMBER 3141-ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
        (Second Agricultural Marketing Project)
                        between
                 UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                          and
 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated January 23, 1990
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3141-ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 23, 1990, between UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera,
S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
Page  2
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect
of such loan as provided in this Agreement;
     (C)  by an agreement (the FIDEC Project Agreement)
of even date herewith, between the Bank and BANXICO, as
trustee of FIDEC, BANXICO has agreed to undertake the
obligations therein set forth;
     (D)  by an agreement (the SNIM Convenio) to be
entered into, between the Borrower and Servicio Nacional
de Informacion de Mercados (SNIM), SNIM will undertake
the obligations therein set forth; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute and integral part of
this Agreement
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions, in the Preamble to, and Section 1.02 of the
Loan Agreement, have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01.  (a) the Guarantor declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end,
without limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, BANXICO and SNIM, as set
forth in the Loan Agreement, the FIDEC Project Agreement
and the SNIM Convenio, respectively.
     (b)  The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of the Loan
Agreement, with (i) the Borrower and BANXICO; and (ii)
the Borrower and SNIM. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce
any provision of the Normatividad or such contractual
arrangements.
                      ARTICLE III
Page  3
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01.  (a) Without any limitation to, or
restriction upon any of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Guarantor shall: (i) take all measures
required to assist BANXICO in carrying out its
obligations under the FIDEC Project Agreement, and to
assist SNIM in carrying out its obligations under the
SNIM Convenio; and (ii) not take or permit to be taken,
any action which would prevent or interfere with the
performance by BANXICO or SNIM of their respective
obligations under the FIDEC Project Agreement and the
SNIM Convenio.
     (b)  The Guarantor agrees, promptly after the
completion of the study forming Part B.2 (b) of the
Project, to exchange views with the Bank on its findings
and recommendations, as contemplated in Section 2.05 (d)
of the FIDEC Project Agreement.
     Section 3.02.  For the purposes of Sections 6.02 (c)
and (d) and Section 7.01 (e) of the General Conditions,
the obligations of Mexico under the General Interest
Agreement are hereby incorporated as obligations of the
Guarantor as if they were fully set forth therein.
                      ARTICULE IV
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01.  The Director General de Captacion de
Credito Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito
Publico of the Guarantor is designated as representative
of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
          Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional
          ler Patio Mariano, Piso 4o.
          Oficina 4025 Palacio Nacional
          0606 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
                             Telex:
                             1777313-SH DCME
     For the Bank:
     International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C.  20433
     United States of America
     Cable Address:           Telex:
          INTBAFRAD           440098 (ITT)
                              248433 (RCA) or
                               64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
Page  4
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the day and year
first above written.
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                    By
                         Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By
                                     President
