Page  1
                              LOAN NUMBER 3141-ME
                FIDEC PROJECT AGREEMENT
        (Second Agricultural Marketing Project)
                        between
       INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
                      DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                    BANCO DE MEXICO
                    as trustee for
          FONDO PARA EL DESARROLLO COMERCIAL
                Dated January 23, 1990
                                        LOAN NUMBER 3141-ME
                FIDEC PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 23, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and Banco de Mexico (BANXICO), as trustee for
Fondo para el desarrollo Comercial.
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C. (The
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000),
Page  2
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that BANXICO, as trustee
for FIDEC, agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  pursuant to the contractual arrangements
referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement, a
portion of the proceeds of the Loan will be made
available to BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC; and
     WHEREAS BANXICO, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Preamble to, and Section
1.02 of, the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
         Execution of the Project; Management
                and Operations of FIDEC
     Section 2.01.  (a) BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC,
declares its commitment to the objectives of the Project
as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to
this end, shall carry out Parts A, B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.4
of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
agricultural and marketing practices, and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources requires for
said Parts of the Project.
     (b)  BANXICO, as Trustee for FIDEC, shall enter into
and duly perform all of its obligations under the
contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of
the Loan Agreement.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BANXICO, shall not change or fail to enforce any
provision of such contractual arrangements.
     Section 2.02.  (A) BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC,
shall:
          (i)  rediscount or otherwise finance portions
               of Subloans made by Participating Banks,
               at such interest rates that: (A) in
               respect of peso-denominated Subloans, the
               weighted average rate of interest charged
               by FIDEC to the Participating Banks shall
               provide FIDEC a margin of at least two
               (2) percentage points over FIDEC's
               weighted average cost of funds, and (B)
               in respect of dollar denominated
               Subloans, the weighted average rate of
               interest charged by FIDEC to the
               Participating Banks shall provide FIDEC a
               margin of at least two (2) percentage
Page  3
               points over FIDEC's weighted average cost
               of funds; including, for purposes of
               calculating the margin of FIDEC pursuant
               to this subparagraph (a) (i), all loans
               made by FIDEC and all funds obtained by
               FIDEC after the Effective Date;
          (ii) comply with the provisions of
               Schedule 2 to this Agreement, the
               Lending Policy Regulations and the
               Appraisal Manual in respect of each
               Subloan rediscounted or otherwise
               financed by it;
         (iii) cause, unless the Bank shall
               otherwise agree, each Subloan to be
               made on terms and conditions whereby
               the Participating Bank shall, by
               written agreement with the
               Beneficiary, obtain and exercise
               rights adequate to protect the
               interest of the Bank, BANXICO, as
               trustee for FIDEC, and the
               Participating Bank, and to achieve
               the purposes of the Project, each
               such agreement to include, without
               limitation the rights and
               obligations set forth in Schedule 2
               to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Parts A, B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.4 of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.04.  BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall
carry out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the FIDEC
Project Agreement and Parts A., B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.4 of
the Project.
     Section 2.05.  (a) BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC,
shall carry out the technical assistance included under
Part B.1 of the Project, in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank, and shall complete the studies and institutional
strengthening forming Parts B.1 (a) through (c) as
follows: Part B. 1 (a) by July 31, 1990; Part B.1 (b) by
September 30, 1990; and Part B.1 (c) by December 3`1,
1990.
     (b) BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall carry out
and complete the study under Part B.2 (a) of the Project
by December 31, 1990, and the study under Part B.2 (b) of
the Project by March 31, 1991.
     (c)  Promptly upon the completion of the study
forming Part B.2 (a) of the Project, BANXICO, as trustee
for FIDEC, shall furnish to the Bank a copy of its
findings and recommendations, provide to the Bank a
reasonable opportunity to exchange views and comment
thereon and on the appropriate plans of action to carry
out such recommendations.
     (d)  Promptly upon the completion of the study
forming Part B.2 (b) of the Project, BANXICO, as trustee
for FIDEC , shall furnish to the Guarantor and to the
Bank a copy of its findings and recommendations, and
Page  4
provide to the Guarantor and the Bank a reasonable
opportunity to exchange views and comments thereon.
     Section 2.06.  (a) BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC,
shall, at the request of the Bank, exchange views with
the Bank with regard to progress of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  Without limitation to the forgoing paragraph
(a), BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall not later than
60 days after the end of each fiscal year, provide to the
Bank an annual progress report summarizing (i)
performance achieved in carrying out Parts A, B.1, B.2,
B.3 and B.4 of the Project, Subloan disbursements by
categories (Beneficiaries, principal activities, and
Subloan size), amounts rediscounted or otherwise financed
by FIDEC under Part A of the Project an arrears
experienced by commercial banks in respect of servicing
of Subloans by Beneficiaries, (ii) a summary statement of
changes in FIDEC's staffing on an overall and regional
basis, and (iii) a report of the technical assistance and
training provided under Parts B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.4 of
the Project.
     (c)  BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall promptly
inform the Bank of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by BANXICO of its obligations under this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
          Management and Operations of FIDEC
     Section 3.01.  BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall
carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial,
agricultural and marketing practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff.
     Section 3.02.  BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall
take out and maintain with responsible insurers,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.03.  BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall
from the date of this Agreement through the execution of
the Project maintain an officer with adequate
qualifications and experience, reporting directly to the
Director General of FIDEC, responsible for the
institutional development of FIDEC and the coordination
and supervision of the activities under part B.1 of the
Project.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall
maintain procedures and separate records and accounts
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts A
and B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.4 of the Project and each
Subproject (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices, the
operations and financial conditions of FIDEC.
Page  5
     Section 4.02.  (a) BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC,
shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in Section 4.01 of this Agreement, and
               FIDEC's accounts and financial statements
               (balance sheets, statements of income and
               expenses and related statements) and
               records and accounts for the Special
               Account for each fiscal year audited in
               accordance with sound auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank, as soon as available
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, (A)
               certified copies of said financial
               statements for such year as so audited
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning the said records,
               accounts and financial statements and the
               audit thereof as the Bank shall from time
               to time reasonably request.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02.  This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of BANXICO thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify BANXICO thereof.
     Section 5.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension  under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing.  Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request.  The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
Page  6
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C.  20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
          For BANXICO:
               Banco de Mexico
               5 de Mayo No. 2
               06059 Mexico, D.F. Mexico
          Cable Address:           Telex:
               BANXICO                  Mexico, 1, 06059
               Mexico                   1760147 BMFINE
     Section 6.02.  Any action required or permitted to
be taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed under this Agreement on behalf of BANXICO may be
taken or executed by its Director General or such other
person or persons as the Director General shall designate
in writing, and BANXICO, shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03.   This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the day and year
first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK
                         FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By
                                             President
                    BANCO DE MEXICO
                    (as Trustee for Fondo para el
                         Desarrollo Comercial)
                    By
                                   Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
Page  7
1.   Except as provide din Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Section I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May
1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Mexico may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of one
million dollars $$1,000,000) or more, but less than the
equivalent of five million dollars ($5,000,000) shall be
procured under contacts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of
at least three suppliers from at least two different
countries, other than Mexico, eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
2.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
one million dollars ($1,000,000) and works estimated to
cost less than the equivalent of ten million dollars
($10,000,000) shall be procured under established
commercial practices acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more,
and each contract for works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $10,000,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.  Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
2.   The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:    Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, in
carrying out Part B of the Project, it shall employ
Page  8
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank.  Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by the World Bank Borrowers and by the Work
as  Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
               Procedures for and Terms
              and Conditions of Subloans
1.   Financing by BANXICO as trustee for FIDEC, of
     Subloans made by Participating Banks
     (a)  Each rediscounting or other financing of a
Subloan by BANXICO, as trustee for FIDEC, shall be made
under terms pursuant to which the Participating Bank
shall be obligated to repay to BANXICO the principal
amount rediscounted or otherwise financed within the same
amortization period and subject to the same grace period
and schedule of repayment, under which the respective
Subloan has been made by the Participating Bank.
     (b)  The portion of each Subloan to be rediscounted
or otherwise financed by BANXICO, as trustee for
FIDEC,shall not exceed the amount equivalent tot 70% of
the cost of the respective Subproject.
2.   Financial Terms and Conditions of Subloans
     (a)  Amount Financed:
          Each Subloan may finance up to 80% of the cost
of the respective Subproject.  At least 20% of the cost
of each Subproject shall be paid from the resources of
the Beneficiary, and the portion of each Subloan funded
from the resources of the respective Participating Bank
shall be an amount equivalent to at least 10% of the cost
of the respective Subproject.
     (b)  Amortization and Grace Periods:
          (i)  The amortization period in respect of
               each Subloan for an Investment Project
               shall be not more than ten (10) years.
               The grace period in respect of each sub
               Subloan shall be not more than two (2)
               years.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
               any Subloan for an Investment Project may
               be made subject to the PVP, with no grace
               period, if so agreed between the
               Participating Bank and the Beneficiary.
          (ii) The amortization period in respect of
               each Subloan for a Working Capital
               Project shall be at least three (3)
               months and not more than one (1) year.
               No grace period shall be granted in
               respect of such Subloans.
     (c)  Interest Rates:
          Each peso-denominated Subloan shall bear at
least the interest rate established in the General
Interest Rate Agreement, and each dollar-denominated
Subloan shall bear interest at the rate of at least the
LIBOR Rate plus four (4) percentage points per annum.
Page  9
3.   Other Terms and Conditions of Subloans
     No expenditures for goods or services required for
a Subproject shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan unless:
     (a)  the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been
approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall have
been made not earlier than one hundred and eighty (180)
days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the application and information required under
paragraph 4 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such
Subloan; or
     (b)  the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been
a free-limit Subloan for which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account and such expenditures
shall have been made not earlier than one hundred and
eighty (180) days prior to the date on which the Bank
shall have received the request and information required
under paragraph 4 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such
free-limit Subloan.  For the purposes of this Agreement,
a free-limit Subloan shall be a Subloan for a Subproject
in an amount to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan which shall not exceed the sum of (i) $6,000,000
equivalent, when added to all other free-limit Subloans
financed or proposed to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan, the foregoing amounts being subject to
change from time to time as determined by the Bank.
4.   (a)  When presenting a Subloan (other than a free-
limit Subloan) to the Bank for approval, BANXICO shall
furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory
to the Bank, together with (i) a description of the
Beneficiary and an appraisal of the Subproject, including
a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms
and conditions of the Subloan, including the schedule of
amortization of the Subloan; and (iii) such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
     (b)  Each request by the Borrower for authorization
to make withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of
a free-limit Subloan shall contain (i) a summary
description of the Beneficiary and the Subproject,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, and (ii) the
terms and conditions of the Subloan,including the
schedule of amortization therefor.
     (c)  Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
paragraph shall be presented to the Bank on or before
December 31, 1994.
5.   Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the
Participating Bank shall obtain, by written contract with
the Beneficiary or by other appropriate legal means
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank and
BANXICO, including, in the case of any Subloan, the right
to:
     (a)  require the Beneficiary to carry out and
operate the Subproject with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with sound technical, financial,
agricultural, marketing and managerial standards and to
maintain adequate records;
     (b)  require that: (i) the goods and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
procured in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
Page  10
to this Agreement;  and (ii) such goods and services
shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the
Subproject;
     (c)  inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Bank if the Bank shall so request,
the goods, sites, works, plants and construction included
in the Subproject, the operation thereof, and any
relevant records and documents;
     (d)  require that: (i) the Beneficiary shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such
insurance, against such risks and in such amounts, as
shall be consistent with sound business practices; and
(ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of
use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made
payable in a currency freely usable by the Beneficiary to
replace or repair such goods;
     (e)  obtain all such information as the Bank or
BANXICO shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing and to the administration, operations and
financial condition of the Beneficiary and to the
benefits to be derived from the Subprojet and
     (f)  suspend or terminate the right of the
Beneficiary to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon
failure by such Beneficiary to perform its obligations
under its contract with the Participating Bank.
