Page  1
                                 NORAD GRANT RELATED TO
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2243 MAG
                 NORAD Grant Agreement
              (Livestock Sector Project)
                        between
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of development
                 aid funds provided by
               the Norwegian Agency for
                Development Cooperation
                 Dated August 21, 1992
          NORAD GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2243 MAG
                 NORAD GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 21, 1992, between DEMOCRATIC
REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR (Madagascar) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as Administrator (the
Administrator) of the Grant (as hereinafter defined)
provided by the Norwegian Agency for Development
Cooperation (NORAD).
     WHEREAS Madagascar has requested the assistance of
the International Development Association (the
Association) and NORAD in the financing of its Livestock
Sector Project (the Project) described in Schedule 2 to
the Development Credit Agreement (Credit No. 2243 MAG),
dated June 12, 1991, between the Democratic Republic of
Madagascar and the Association;
     WHEREAS the Association has extended a Credit for
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the
above mentioned Development Credit Agreement, and NORAD
has authorized the Administrator to extend to Madagascar
for the same purpose a grant out of NORAD's development
aid funds (the Grant) to assist Madagascar on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     WHEREAS by a cooperation agreement, dated August 20,
1992, 1992, between NORAD and the Association (the
Cooperation Agreement), NORAD has requested the
Association, and the Association has accepted, to
Page  2
administer the Grant in accordance with the provisions of
this Cooperation Agreement;
     WHEREAS Madagascar acknowledges that the financial
assistance extended to Madagascar under this Agreement
shall be considered as part of the bilateral development
aid extended by NORAD to Madagascar; and
     WHEREAS the Administrator has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Grant to
Madagascar in support of the Project, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
     (a)  the term "Association", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Grant pursuant
to the Administration Agreement, except in the provisions
"member(s) of the Association" occurring in Sections 2.01
(5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02 (e);
     (b)  the term "Borrower", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means Madagascar;
     (c)  the term "Development Credit Agreement",
whenever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grant extended to Madagascar under
this Agreement;
     (e)  the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the Trust Account opened by the
Administrator in its books in the name of Madagascar to
which the amount of the Grant is credited;
     (f)  in Section 6.02, the term "Association" shall
also include the International Development Association
acting in its own capacity;
     (g)  in Section 9.06 (c), the term "Closing Date"
means the closing date set forth in Section 2.03 of the
Development Credit Agreement; and
     (h)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05
are deleted.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Development Credit Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Development Credit Agreement" means the
agreement, dated June 12, 1991, between the Democratic
Republic of Madagascar and the Association for the
Project, as such agreement may be amended from time to
Page  3
time; and such term includes the "General Conditions
Applicable to Development Credit Agreements" of the
Association, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such
agreement, and all schedules and agreements supplemental
to the Development Credit Agreement;
     (b)  "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency
of NORAD; and
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
     Section 1.03. In all Articles, Sections and
Schedules of the Development Credit Agreement explicitly
incorporated into this Agreement, the references to the
"Borrower", the "Association", the "Credit", the "Credit
Account" and the "Special Account" shall be deemed to be
references to Madagascar, the Administrator, the Grant,
the Trust Account and the Special Account referred to in
Section  2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
Madagascar, on the terms and conditions herein set forth
or referred to, a grant in an amount of fourteen million
five hundred thousand Norwegian Kroner (NOK 14,500,000),
or such other amount as shall have been made available by
NORAD to the Administrator for this purpose pursuant to
the Cooperation Agreement.
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Trust Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or if the Administrator shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
the goods and services required for Parts A.6, C.4, C.5
and C.7 of the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts
A.6, C.4, C.5 and C.7 of the Project, open and maintain
in Norwegian Kroner a special account in a commercial
bank in the name of the Project on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1997 or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify
Madagascar of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
       Execution of the Project; Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. Article III and Article IV and Section
5.01 of the Development Credit Agreement, paragraph 2 (c)
of Schedule 1 and Schedules 2, 3 and 4 thereto are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and
effect as if they were fully set forth herein.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination;
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 4.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this
Page  4
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Development Credit
Agreement has entered into effect.
     Section 4.02. The date set forth in Section 6.02 of
the Development Credit Agreement is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.03. This Agreement and all obligations of
the parties thereunder shall terminate on the date,
following the final disbursement under this Agreement, on
which Madagascar shall have fulfilled all its obligations
under this Agreement.
     Section 4.04. In accordance with the Cooperation
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
NORAD. Madagascar accepts and agrees that, upon notice by
the Administrator to Madagascar to that effect, NORAD
shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such
notice, be substituted in all rights and obligations of
the Administrator under this Agreement as if NORAD has
been an original party to this Agreement, without any
further action or formality required on the part of any
party, and from such date the Administrator shall cease
to have any rights or obligations as a party under this
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
        Representative of Madagascar; Addresses
     Section 5.01. The Minister of Madagascar responsible
for Finance is designated as representative of Madagascar
for the purpose of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For Madagascar:
          Ministere des Finances
          Antananarivo
          Madagascar
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINFIN                224889
               Antananarivo
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
Page  5
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
               By /s/ P. Rajaonarivelo
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               as Administrator of development aid funds
               provided by the Norwegian Agency for
               Development Cooperation
               By /s/ F. J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                        Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant, the
allocation of the amounts of the Grant to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Grant Allocated      % of
                         (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category               NOK Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Vehicles, equipment     1,600,000     80%
   and other goods
(2)    Training and fellow-      900,000     80%
   ships
(3)    Consultants' services   3,500,000     80%
(4)    Incremental operating   7,100,000     80%
   costs
(5)    Unallocated      1,400,000
                       __________
       TOTAL           14,500,000
                       ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule, the term
"incremental operating costs" means expenditures related
to the operation and maintenance of vehicles, office
supplies, veterinary supplies, operation of demonstration
plots, temporary labor, maintenance of buildings and
local travel.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawal shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                    Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  6
    (a) the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b) the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for Parts A.6, C.4, C.5 and C.7 of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Grant allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
1 to this Agreement; and
    (c) the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to two million Norwegian Kroner (NOK
2,000,000) to be withdrawn from the Trust Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph
3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Administrator has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
    (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
Madagascar shall furnish to the Administrator a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Administrator
shall, on behalf of Madagascar, withdraw from the Trust
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Madagascar shall have requested.
    (b)       (i)                For replenishment of
                                 the Special Account,
                                 Madagascar shall
                                 furnish to the
                                 Administrator requests
                                 for deposits into the
                                 Special Account at
                                 such intervals as the
                                 Administrator shall
                                 specify.
        (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
             request,  Madagascar shall furnish to the
             Administrator the documents and other
             evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
             of this Schedule for the payment or
             payments in respect of which replenishment
             is requested. On the basis of each such
             request, the Administrator shall, on behalf
             of Madagascar, withdraw from the Trust
             Account and deposit into the Special
             Account such amount as Madagascar shall
             have requested and as shall have been shown
             by said documents and other evidence to
             have been made out of the Special Account
             for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Administrator
from the Trust Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4. For each payment made by Madagascar out of the
Special Account, Madagascar shall, at such time as the
Page  7
Administrator shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Administrator such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Administrator shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
   (a) if, at any time, the Administrator shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
Madagascar directly from the Trust Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
   (b) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Grant
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Administrator pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Alloca-
tion.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Trust Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Grant allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Administrator shall specify by notice to Madagascar.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Administrator shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in
the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6. (a) If the Administrator shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Administrator,
Madagascar shall, promptly upon notice from the
Administrator: (A) provide such additional evidence as
the Administrator may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Administrator shall so
request, refund to the Administrator) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Administrator
into the Special Account shall be made until Madagascar
has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
   (b) If the Administrator shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, Madagascar shall, promptly upon
notice from the Administrator, refund to the
Administrator such outstanding amount.
   (c) Madagascar may, upon notice to the Administrator,
refund to the Administrator all or any portion of the
funds on deposit in the Special Account.
   (d) Refunds to the Administrator made pursuant to
paragraph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Trust Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
Page  8
