Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2243 MAG
                    (Livestock Sector Project)
                              between
                 DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 12, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2243 MAG
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 12, 1991, between DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF
MADAGASCAR (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has stated in a letter, dated April 17,
1991, and addressed to the Association the Borrower's livestock
sector policy designed to improve the efficiency of the livestock
sector (the Program);
      (C)   the Borrower intends to obtain from Caisse Centrale de
Coophungarumlautration Economique (CCCE) a financing in an amount equivalent to
about five million five hundred thousand Dollars ($5,500,000) (the
CCCE Financing) to assist in financing part of the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the CCCE Agreement)
to be entered between the Borrower and CCCE;
Page  2
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the French Ministry
of Cooperation and Development (MCD) a contribution equivalent to
about one million Dollars ($1,000,000) (the MCD Financing) to assist
in financing part of the Project on the terms and conditions set
forth in an agreement (the MCD Agreement) to be entered between the
Borrower and MCD;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Association,
acting as Administrator of development funds provided by the Kingdom
of Norway (Norway) a grant in an amount equivalent to about two
million one hundred thousand Dollars ($2,100,000) (the Norwegian
Grant) to assist in financing part of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the Norwegian Agreement) to be
entered between the Borrower and the Association;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "MPAEF" means the Borrower's Ministry responsible for
animal production, water and forests;
      (b)   "MinAgri" means the Borrower's Ministry responsible for
agriculture;
      (c)   "DEL" means the Livestock Directorate within MPAEF;
      (d)   "DEPF" means the Financing, Programming and Studies
Directorate within MPAEF;
      (e)   "CEPROVET" means the Veterinary Promotion Center, to be
established pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3 (d) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (f)   "ROMANOR" means the entity to be legally established
pursuant to Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement;
      (g)   "FOFIFA" means the Centre National de Recherche
Appliquhungarumlaute au Dhungarumlautveloppement Rural;
      (h)   "FIFAMANOR" means the development operation of MinAgri,
active in the region of Antsirabe;
      (i)   "LPF" means the livestock promotion fund to be es-
tablished pursuant to paragraph 3 (c) of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (j)   "ROMANOR Implementation Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered by the Borrower with ROMANOR according to the
provisions of Section 3.01 (a) (ii) of this Agreement;
      (k)   "CEPROVET Implementation Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered by the Borrower with CEPROVET according to the
provisions of Section 3.01 (a) (iii) of this Agreement;
Page  3
      (l)   "FOFIFA" Implementation Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered by the Borrower with FOFIFA according to the provi-
sions of Section 3.01 (a) (iv) of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated April 5, 1990 and May 9,
1990, between the Borrower and the Association; and
      (n)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fourteen million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 14,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Associa-
tion, including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
      (c) Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and pay
to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount of the
Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn balance
of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance shall
thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
Page  4
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing August 15, 2001 and ending February 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 15,
2011 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Parts A.1 through A.8, B.1, B.2,
                   B.4, B.5 and C.9 of the Project through MPAEF
                   with due diligence and efficiency and in confor-
                   mity with appropriate financial, admini- strat-
                   ive and engineering practices, and shall pro-
                   vide, promptly as needed, the funds, facili-ti-
                   es, services and other resources required for
                   the Project.
            (ii)   shall cause ROMANOR to carry out Parts C.1
                   through C.5 and C.7 of the Project, with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                   appropriate administrative, technical and finan-
                   cial practices in accordance with the ROMANOR
                   Implementation Agreement to be entered into by
Page  5
                   the Borrower and ROMANOR whose terms and condi-
                   tions shall have been approved by the Associa-
                   tion, including arrangements to be made between
                   ROMANOR and FIFAMANOR, and which shall not be
                   amended without the prior approval of the Asso-
                   ciation;
            (iii)  shall cause CEPROVET to carry out Parts A.9 and
                   A.10 of the Project with due diligence and
                   efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
                   administrative and financial practices in accor-
                   dance with the CEPROVET Implementation Agreement
                   to be entered into by the Borrower and CEPROVET,
                   whose terms and conditions shall have been
                   approved by the Association and which shall not
                   be amended without the prior approval of the
                   Association;
            (iv)   shall cause FOFIFA to carry out Parts B.3 and
                   C.8 of the Project with due diligence and effi-
                   ciency and in conformity with appropriate admin-
                   istrative, technical and financial practices in
                   accordance with the FOFIFA Implementation Agree-
                   ment to be entered into by the Borrower and
                   FOFIFA, whose terms and conditions shall have
                   been approved by the Association and which shall
                   not be amended without the prior approval of the
                   Association;
            (v)    shall cause a legal entity to be established
                   under droit privhungarumlaut, with statutes acceptable to
                   the Association, to carry out Part C.6 of the
                   Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate financial, admini-
                   strative and engineering practices;
            (vi)   shall take or cause to be taken all action
                   including the provision of funds, facilities,
                   services and other resources, necessary or
                   appropriate to enable ROMANOR, CEPROVET, FOFIFA
                   and the entity referred to in paragraph (v)
                   above to carry out the respective Parts of the
                   Project, and shall not take or permit to be
                   taken any action which would prevent or inter-
                   fere with the carrying out of the respective
                   Parts of the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation upon the provisions of para-
graph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall, for the purpose of
making available its contribution, open and maintain a separate
account, make an initial contribution of the equivalent of $100,000
into such account and replenish such account on a monthly basis up
to the amount of the initial contribution.
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4
to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
Page  6
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower, including the LPF, responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than nine months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of such audit by said audi-
                   tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Association shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      (c)   The Borrower shall cause ROMANOR, FIFAMANOR, FOFIFA and
CEPROVET to maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations and
financial conditions of ROMANOR, FIFAMANOR, FOFIFA and CEPROVET,
respectively.
      (d)   The Borrower shall cause ROMANOR, FIFAMANOR, FOFIFA and
CEPROVET to:
            (i)    have their records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                   of their financial statements for such year as
                   so audited and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably re-
                   quested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning such records, accounts, finan-
                   cial statements and the audit thereof as the
                   Association shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
      (e)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, or-
                   ders, invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
                   ments) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  7
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expen-
                   diture submitted during such fiscal year, to-
                   gether with the procedures and internal controls
                   involved in their preparation, can be relied
                   upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall implement its public sector
divestiture program in the livestock sector as set forth in the
annex to the Program.
     Section 4.03. (a) Unless otherwise agreed by the Association,
the Borrower shall maintain a hiring freeze for DEL, until the study
to be carried under Part A.8 of the Project has been completed and
the Borrower has presented an action plan acceptable to the
Association.
      (b)   By January 31, 1992, the Borrower shall eliminate all
irregularities identified in the civil service census within MPAEF.
      Section 4.04. The Borrower shall:
            (i)    not grant any exemptions for duties on dairy
                   products;
            (ii)   take all necessary measures to assure that dairy
                   products imported under food aid shall be sold
                   to local operators under conditions compatible
                   with the market situation, such conditions to be
                   determined according to rules acceptable to the
                   Association;
            (iii)  convene, annually, a meeting of donors active in
                   food aid in Madagascar, in order to coordinate
                   deliveries to Madagascar of any such dairy
                   products.
      Section 4.05. The Borrower shall take adequate measures to:
            (i)    effectively enforce its sanitary protection
                   regulations at its borders;
           (ii)    restrict any animal imports, requiring quaran-
                   tine, to air transport arriving at the airport
                   of Ivato-Antananarivo.
      Section 4.06. By March 31, 1992, the Borrower shall restruc-
ture DEL in accordance with an organization chart acceptable to the
Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely
that:
      (a)   The implementation of the Program shall have been
suspended or terminated or shall have materially deviated from such
Program as defined in the Preamble to this Agreement.
      (b)   Subject to paragraph (c) of this Section:
            (i)    the right of the Borrower to withdraw the pro-
Page  8
                   ceeds of the CCCE Financing, the Norwegian Grant
                   or the MCD Contribution made to the Borrower for
                   the financing of the Project shall have been
                   suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or
                   in part, pursuant to the terms of the CCCE
                   Agreement, the MCD Agreement or the Norwegian
                   Agreement, or
           (ii)    the CCCE Financing shall have become due and
                   payable prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
      (c)   Paragraph (b) of this Section shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that:
            (i)    such suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and
           (ii)    adequate funds for the Project are available to
                   the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                   conditions consistent with the obligations of
                   the Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
the event specified in Section 5.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement shall
occur, subject to the proviso of Section 5.01 (c) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has published new legislation relating to
the legal framework for veterinary activities, the by-laws pertain-
ing to sanitary protection, the national veterinary order and the
distribution of veterinary pharmaceuticals;
      (b)   ROMANOR has been legally established under droit privhungarumlaut\0d
with statutes acceptable to the Association and the Borrower has
entered into an Implementation Agreement with ROMANOR in accordance
with the provisions of Section 3.01 (ii) of this Agreement;
      (c)   the Borrower has made an initial deposit of the
equivalent of $100,000 into the account referred to in Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   all conditions precedent to initial disbursements of the
CCCE Financing, the MCD Contribution and the Norwegian Grant have
been fulfilled, save the effectiveness of this Agreement, have been
taken.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower responsible for
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
Page  9
            Minist\1are des Finances et du
              Budget
            Antananarivo
            Madagascar
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFIN                    22489
                   Antananarivo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                         By /s/ Pierrot J. Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Grants for:
     (a) materials and           106,000        80%
         equipment
         under Part
         C.9 (c) and
         (d) of the
         Project
Page  10
     (b) materials and           423,000        100%
         equipment
         under Part
         C.9 (b) of
         the Project
(2)  Vehicles, equipment         564,000        100% of foreign
     and other goods for                        expenditures
     Parts C.1 through                          and 85% of local
     C.5 of the Project                         expenditures
(3)  Management services          70,000        90%
     for Part C.3 of the
     Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4)  Training and                317,000        100%
     fellowships under
     Parts C.1 and C.5
     of the Project
(5)  Incremental               1,057,000        85%
     operating costs
     for Part C.1 of
     the Project
(6)  Civil works under           775,000        85%
     Parts A.2, A.3, A.9
     and B.2 of
     the Project
(7)  Vehicles, equip-          2,044,000        100% of foreign
     ment and other                             expenditures
     goods for Parts A                          and 85% of local
     and B.2 of                                 expenditures
     the Project
(8)  Consultants'              1,233,000        100%
     services and
     studies for
     Parts A and B
     of the Project
(9)  Management,                 176,000        100%
     accounting and
     auditing services
     other than for
     Part C.3 of
     the Project
(10) Training and              1,128,000        100%
     fellowships under
     Parts A and B.2 of
     the Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(11) Grants under                634,000        90%
     Part A.10 of the
     Project
(12) Staff allowances            634,000        100% up to an
     of DEL                                     amount of
                                                SDR 423,000,
                                                60% up to an
Page  11
                                                aggregate amount
                                                of SDR 564,000
                                                and 30% thereafter
(13) Incremental               2,713,000        80%
     operating costs
     of DEL, DEPF and
     CEPROVET
(14) Vehicles, equipment         317,000        90%
     and incremental
     operating costs
     of FOFIFA under
     Parts B.3 and C.8
     of the Project
(15) Refunding of Project        282,000        Amount due under
     Preparation Advance                        Section 2.02 (c)
                                                of this Agreement
(16) Unallocated               1,527,000
         TOTAL                14,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)    the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "incremental operating costs" means expendi-
tures related to operation and maintenance of vehicles, office
supplies, veterinary supplies, operation of demonstration plots,
temporary labor, maintenance of buildings, subscriptions to
periodicals and local travel.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) payments made,
or to be made, in respect of Category 14 of the table set forth in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, unless the FOFIFA Implementation
Agreement has been signed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.01 (a) (iv) of this Agreement; (c) payments made, or to be
made, in respect of Category 1 of the table set forth in paragraph
1 of this Schedule, unless the Borrower has established the LPF with
operating procedures, including procurement procedures acceptable to
the Association and its executive board has been appointed with
equal representation of the governmental and farmers associations;
and (d) payments made, or to be made, in respect of Category 11 of
the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, unless the
Borrower has established CEPROVET as an association with operating
procedures acceptable to the Association.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to promote livestock
production for domestic consumption and export.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institution Building Component
Page  12
1.    Training of selected DEL staff, including fellowships.
2.    Establishment of a scientific and technical documentation
center, improvement of facilities and provision of equipment and
vehicles therefor.
3.    Rehabilitation of five existing regional diagnostic labora-
tories, establishment of five district diagnostic laboratories to
test the viability of a full network of decentralized laboratories
and rehabilitation of the quarantine station at Ivato Airport.
4.    Creation of five mobile teams for the carrying out of
epidemiological surveys for the regional determination of mandatory
disease control programs.
5.    Studies, in service training and provision of furniture and
equipment for the establishment of a national animal disease
reporting system.
6.    Studies, in-service training and provision of furniture and
equipment for the establishment of a monitoring and evaluation
system.
7.    Evaluation and audit studies for selected parastatals in the
livestock sector.
8.    A manpower requirement review of DEL, development of new
curricula for pre-service training programs and workshops for DEL
staff.
9.Establishment of a veterinary promotion center (CEPROVET), and
remodelling of office space, provision of furniture, a vehicle, and
training.
10.   Installation grants for about 90 private veterinary prac-
titioners.
Part B:     Extensive Production Component
1.    Introduction of drug and input distribution as a private
activity and provision of initial stocks of drugs and inputs for
operators.
2.    Rehabilitation of local and regional offices of, and provision
of vehicles and equipment for DEL and on-the-job training of its
decentralized staff.
3.    Pilot research and development programs aiming at the
alleviation of nutritional constraints in extensive cattle produc-
tion systems.
4.    A study on the bush fires problem.
5.    Demonstration schemes to transfer research results to farmers.
Part C:     Dairy Development Program
1.    Extension services for farmer associations including technical
and management assistance services and training for future staff of
farmer associations or farmer association unions.
2.    Provision of office equipment and supplies to farmer asso-
ciations.
3.    Strengthening of the management capability of ROMANOR.
4.    An applied research program on fodder production.
5.    A seed production program, including production of basic
seeds, demonstration plots, seed multiplication by farmers and
training.
Page  13
6.    Rehabilitation of milk collection facilities and processing
plants of Antsirabe, Antananarivo and Antovotany and strengthening
of their management capability.
7.Creation of a herd book and support services for artificial
insemination, in particular for farmer associations.
8.    A research and development program on crop/livestock farming
systems.
9.    Provision of grants to farmer associations for:
      (a)   the rehabilitation and maintenance of about 1000 km of
milk collection tracks;
      (b)   the creation of about 50 milk collection centers and
about 10 mini-dairy plants;
      (c)   the construction of about 15 small feed mills and
corresponding storage silos; and
      (d)   construction of about 10 small-scale installations to
produce mineral licks.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Madagascar may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $700,000, and works shall be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Associa-
tion.
2.    Items or groups of items for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $2.5 million and contracts for works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $5,000 or less, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $400,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.     Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
Page  14
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to contracts estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
Annual Work Programs
1.    By September 30 during each year of execution of the Project,
the Borrower shall prepare and submit to the Association for
comments:
            (i)   a work program covering all activities of the
                  Borrower in the livestock sector during the
                  following year and a budget therefor;
           (ii)   a report on the execution of the annual work
                  program executed during the preceding year;
          (iii)   a work program of all activities to be carried
                  out under the Project during the following year,
                  in such scope and such detail as shall be satis-
                  factory to the Association, including a financing
                  plan therefor; and
           (iv)   a report on the execution of the Project during
                  the preceding year, in such scope and such detail
                  as shall be satisfactory to the Association.
Mid-term Review
2.    By November 30, 1994, the Borrower shall undertake, through
consultants employed in accordance with the provisions of Section II
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement, an in-depth review of the Project
Page  15
and its implementation arrangement and submit a report thereon to
the Association, which shall be in such scope and such detail, as
the Association shall reasonably request. Without limitation upon
the generality of the foregoing, said report shall contain a
detailed examination of: (a) the viability of all parts of the
Project; (b) the progress in the withdrawal of DEL field services
from curative veterinary activities and non-compulsory vaccinations;
(c) the execution of the divestiture program; (d) pri-vate involve-
ment in the supply and distribution of veterinary care, drugs and
other inputs; and (e) the outcome of epidemiological surveys and an
assessment of disease control strategies.
3.    By February 28, 1995, the Borrower shall review with the
Association and the other co-donors the report proposed pursuant to
paragraph 2 above and shall take all necessary measures to remedy
any problem identified during such review.
Cost Recovery for Veterinary Services
4.    The Borrower shall take all necessary measures to ensure that:
            (i)   farmers receiving goods and services provided by
                  DEL are charged the commercial value of any such
                  goods and services, with the exception set forth
                  in sub-paragraph (ii) below; and
           (ii)   compulsory vaccinations campaigns would recover
                  at least the cost of the vaccine.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (14) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount of
$2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited
into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to, or at the time of each such request,
Page  16
                  the Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Catego-
ries shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Page  17
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
