Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2074 GUB
             Development Credit Agreement
        (Infrastructure Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
             THE REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated February 8, 1990
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2074 GUB
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 8, 1990, between the
REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU (the Borrower) and the
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Association has received from the Borrower
a letter of even date herewith describing the policies
and measures that the Borrower intends to implement to
rehabilitate its transport sector (such policies and
measures hereinafter referred to as the Transport
Policy);
     (C)  the Borrower intends to contract from the
United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) a grant
(the UNCDF Grant) in an amount equivalent to two million
two hundred thousand dollars ($2,200,000) to assist in
financing Part C.2 (a) and (b) of the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNCDF
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
UNCDF;
     (D)  the Borrower intends to contract from the
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) a grant (the
UNDP Grant) in an amount equivalent to one million one
Page  2
hundred thousand dollars ($1,100,000) to assist in
financing Part C.2 (a), (b) and (c) of the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNDP
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
UNDP;
     (E)  the Borrower intends to contract from the Fonds
d'Aide et de Cooperation (FAC) a grant (the FAC Grant) in
an amount equivalent to four hundred thousand dollars
($400,000) to assist in financing Parts D.1 and D.5 (b)
of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
an agreement (the FAC Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and FAC;
     (F)  the Borrower intends to contract from other
sources (the Other Cofinanciers) other financial
contributions to assist in financing the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in agreements (the Other
Cofinancing Agreements) to be entered into between the
Borrower and the Other Cofinanciers; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
wherever used in this Agreement, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to
this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the following additional terms have the
following meanings:
     (a)  "MES" means Ministerio do Equipamento Social,
the Ministry of Social Infrastructure of the Borrower;
     (b)  "SET" means Secretaria de Estado dos
Transportes, the State Secretariat of Transport in MES;
     (c)  "DGEP" means Diraccao Geral de Estradas e
Pontes, the General Directorate of Roads and Bridges in
MES;
     (d)  "DGRU" means Direccao Geral de Habitacao e
Urbanismo, the General Directorate of Housing and Urban
Affairs in MES;
     (e)  "GEP" means Gabinete de Estudos e Planeamento,
the Office of Studies and Planning in MES;
     (f)  "LEGUI" means Laboratorio de Engenharia da
Guine-Bissau, the engineering laboratory in MES;
     (g)  "PCU" means the Project Coordinating Unit
(Unidade de Coordenacao do Projecto) established in MES
by Ordem de Servico No. 57/89, dated April 24, 1989, of
the Borrower and referred to in Section 3.02 (a) of, and
Part A of Schedule 5 to, this Agreement for the purpose
of coordinating the implementation of the Project;
Page  3
     (h)  "TCU" means the Transport Coordination Unit
(Unidade de Coordenacao dos Transportes) established in
SET by Despacho No. 115/GM/89, dated October 5, 1989, of
the Borrower and referred to in Section 3.02 (b) of, and
Part B of Schedule 5 to, this Agreement for the purpose
of providing technical assistance under Parts A.2 and B
of the Project;
     (i)  "HRPM" means the Human Resource Planning and
Management Section (Seccao de Planeamento e Gestao dos
Recursos Humanos) established by Despacho No. 115/GM/89,
dated October 5, 1989, of the Borrower and referred to in
Section 3.02 (c) of, and Parts A.2 (b) (ii) and C of
Schedule 5 to, this Agreement for the purpose of
providing technical assistance in the implementation of
the five year manpower development and training program
described under Part A.4 of the Project;
     (j)  "TO" means the Technical Office (Gabinete
Tecnico) established in HES by Despacho No. 1/88, dated
November 28, 1988, of the Borrower and referred to in
Section 3.02 (d) of, and Part D of Schedule 5 to, this
Agreement for the purpose of assisting the Borrower in
carrying out Parts C (with the exception of C.2) and D
(with the exception of D.1 and D.5 (b)) of the Project;
     (k)  "Municipality of Bissau" means the Camara
Municipal de Bissau;
     (l)  "GUINEMAR" means Empresa Nacional de Agencias
e Transportes Maritimos, the national shipping agency
owned and controlled by the Borrower and established by
Decreto No. 35/76, dated November 13, 1976;
     (m)  "JAPG" means Junta Autonoma dos Portos da
Guine, the port authority owned and controlled by the
Borrower and established by Decreto No. 18/83 published
in the Borrower's Boletim Offical dated July 4, 1983;
     (n)  "RODOFLUVIAL" means Empresa Publica de
Transportes Rodoviarios e Fluviasis, the public trucking
and river transport company owned and controlled by the
Borrower established by Decreto No. 36B/84 published in
the Borrower's Boletim Oficial dated December 28, 1984;
     (o)  "SILO DIATA" means Empresa Nacional de
Transportes Automoveis, the public bus company owned and
controlled by the Borrower established by Decreto No.
5/76 published in the
Borrower's Boletim Oficial dated February 14, 1976;
     (p)  "TAGB" means Transportes Aereos da Guine-
Bissau, the national airline owned and controlled by the
Borrower established by Decreto No. 7/86 published in the
Borrower's Boletim Oficial dated March 23, 1986;
     (q)  "TCs" means, collectively, GUINEMAR, JAPG,
RODOFLUVIAL, SILO DIATA, and TAGB;
     (r)  "ASTRA" means Associacao de Tranportadores
Privados, a private association of transporters
registered under the laws of the Borrower;
     (s)  "Municipality of Bissau Agreement" means the
agreement dated July 5, 1989 between the Borrower, acting
through HES, and the Municipality of Bissau;
     (t)  "Participation Agreement" means any of the
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and
the TCs pursuant to Section 3.03 (b) of this Agreement
for the purposes of Parts A.2 and B of the Project;
Page  4
     (u)  "Cofinanciers" means, collectively, UNCDF,
UNDP, FAC, and the Other Cofinanciers as defined in the
Preamble to this Agreement; and "Cofinancing Agreements"
means, collectively, the UNCDF Agreement, the UNDP
Agreement, the FAC Agreement, and the Other Cofinancing
Agreements, as defined in the Preamble to this Agreement;
     (v)  "Road Fund" means Fundo Rodoviario, the fund
controlled by MES and established by Decreto No. 19/84
published in the Borrower's Boletim Oficial, dated June
23, 1984, for road maintenance and construction
operations;
     (w)  "Infrastructure Sectors" means the roads,
transport, housing and urban services sectors in the
territory of the Borrower;
     (x)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (y)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the advance
granted by the Association to the Borrower pursuant to
exchanges of letters dated October 20, 1987, November 24,
1987, November 21, 1988 and March 22, 1989; and
     (z)  "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the
Borrower, the Municipality of Bissau and the TCs which
runs concurrently with the calendar year; and "Pesos"
means the currency of the Borrower.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eighteen million five hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 18,500,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1995, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Page  5
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
June 15 and December 15, commencing June 15, 2000 and
ending December 15, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 15, 2009
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the abovementioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
Page  6
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the
Project through MES with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative,
engineering, financial and managerial practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall maintain in MES
a project coordination unit (the PCU) for the purpose of
coordinating the implementation of the Project as set
forth in Part A of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (b)  Without limitation upon its obligations under
Subsection (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall
maintain in SET a transport coordination unit (the TCU)
for the purposes of Parts A.2 and B of the Project as set
forth in Part B of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Without limitation upon its obligations under
Subsection (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall
maintain in GEP a human resource planning and management
section (the HRPM) for the purposes of Part A.4 of the
Project as set forth in Parts A.2 (b)(ii) and C of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (d)  Without limitation upon its obligations under
Subsection (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall
maintain in HES a technical office (the TO) for the
purposes of Parts C and D of the Project as set forth in
Part D of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. (a) For the purposes of Part D of the
Project, the Borrower shall cause the Municipality of
Bissau to furnish to the Association, not later than June
30, 1991, an action plan satisfactory to the Association
to be prepared under Part D.5 (b) of the Project.
     (b)  For the purpose of Parts A.2 and B of the
Project, the Borrower, through MES, shall enter in an
agreement (Participation Agreement) with each of the TCs
providing, inter alia, for the following:
          (i)  the terms and conditions, including the
               terms of reference, of the technical
               assistance to be provided to such TC
               under Part B of the Project;
          (ii) the implementation of the financial and
               operational targets and performance plans
               to be prepared under Part B.1 (a) of the
               Project;
          (iii)     the adoption of the upgraded cost
                    accounting and financial management
                    systems to be developed under
                    Part,B.1 (b) of the Project and of
                    accounting procedures, including the
                    auditing of accounts, in accordance
                    with Article IV of this Agreement;
          (iv) the privatization, restructuring,
               liquidation or other reorganization
               acceptable to the Association, referred
               to under Part B.1 (d) of the Project,
               including, subject to Sub-section (v) (A)
Page  7
               hereto, the implementation, by January 1,
               1992, of the changes in ownership or
               management required as part of the action
               plans referred to in Section 3.07 of this
               Agreement;
          (v)  in the case of GUINEMAR:
               (A)  its restructuring, including, if
                    necessary, private participation, in
                    a manner satisfactory to the
                    Borrower and the Association, by
                    June 30, 1991; and
               (B)  (1) the payment, by June 30, 1990,
                    of all debt owed to JAPG by GUINEMAR
                    as of March 1, 1990, and (2) the
                    repayment of all future bills owed
                    to JAPG by GUINEMAR within four
                    months of the date of billing;
          (vi) the payment to MES by each of the TCs for
               any goods provided to such TC by MES out
               of the proceeds of the Credit under terms
               and conditions satisfactory to the
               Association; and
          (vii)     insurance and maintenance and repair
                    of plants, machinery, equipment and
                    other property of the TCs.
     (c)  the Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Municipality of Bissau Agreement and each
Participation Agreement in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to
accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive any such agreement or
provision thereof.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall carry out the
manpower development and training program described under
Part A.4 of the Project and select participants therefor
in accordance with terms, procedures and criteria
satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall:
     (a)  not later than December 31, 1990, carry out and
complete, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, the survey described under Part D.4 of the
Project and furnish to the Association a report in such
detail and of such scope as the Association shall
reasonably request on the results and recommendations of
the said survey together with an action plan satisfactory
to the Association to carry out such recommendations; and
     (b)  carry out the recommendations satisfactory to
the Association of the said survey according to a
timetable, under guidelines and in a manner acceptable to
the Association.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, promptly upon
completion of the works described under Part D.3 of the
Project, allocate the plots and houses referred to
therein under terms and. conditions and following
criteria and procedures satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, not later than
March 31, 1991, furnish to the Association an action
plan, satisfactory to the Association, for involving
private sector participation for each of the TCs.
Page  8
     Section 3.08. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) maintain
or cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any
part thereof; and (ii) cause the TCs and the Municipality
of Bissau to maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
their operations and financial condition.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account,
               and the records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) of the TCs and the
               Municipality of Bissau for each Fiscal
               Year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish, and cause each of the TCs and
               the Municipality of Bissau to furnish, to
               the Association, as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such Fiscal Year:
               (A) in respect of the audit of the
               records and accounts referred to in
               paragraph (a) (i) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account,
               a certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association shall
               have reasonably requested, including a
               report on each department or agency's
               compliance with the recommendations of
               the management letter for the previous
               Fiscal Year, and a copy of the management
               letter for the current Fiscal Year; and
               (B) in respect of the audit of the
               records, accounts and financial
               statements of the TCs and the
               Municipality of Bissau, certified copies
               of the records, accounts and financial
               statements so audited and the report of
               such audit by the said auditors of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested, including a report on each
               institution's compliance with the
               recommendations of the management letter
               for the previous Fiscal Year and a copy
               of the management letter for the current
               Fiscal Year;
Page  9
          (iii)     furnish, and cause each of the TCs
                    and the Municipality of Bissau to
                    furnish, to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records, accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request; and
          (iv) for the purposes of paragraph (b) (ii) of
               this Section, the term "management
               letter" in respect of each institution
               referred to in the said paragraph, means
               a letter from independent auditors
               acceptable to the Association addressed
               to such institution and communication the
               observations and suggestions of such
               auditors regarding possible improvements
               by such institution of, inter alia, its
               accounting and financial practices, its
               internal financial management and control
               and its operating procedures.
     (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with Subsection (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain or cause to be retained, until at
               least one year after the Association has
               received the audit for the Fiscal Year in
               which the last withdrawal from the Credit
               Account was made, all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Association's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in Subsection (b) of this Section and
               that the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such Fiscal Year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall:
     (a)  carry out the investment program agreed upon
with the
Association for the Borrower's Infrastructure Sectors for
the Fiscal
Years 1990, 1991 and 1992;
     (b)   not later than September 30, 1990 and
thereafter not later than September 30 in each succeeding
year until the completion of the Project, furnish to the
Association for its review and comments: (i) a proposed
investment program for its Infrastructure Sectors in
respect of the ensuing three Fiscal Years; (ii) the
proposed budget for such investment program for the
Page  10
ensuing Fiscal Year; and (iii) a review in such detail
and of such scope as the Association shall have
reasonably requested, of the expenditures and revenues in
such sectors in the previous Fiscal Year; and
     (c)   give priority in its Infrastructure Sectors
budget to rehabilitation and maintenance over
construction and upgrading of capital assets.
     Section 4.03. (a) The Borrower shall neither make
nor commit itself to make any capital expenditure in its
Infrastructure Sectors not required under the Project:
          (i)  unless a reasonable forecast shows that
               the estimated economic rate of return for
               such capital expenditure shall exceed
               12%; and
          (ii) if such capital expenditure exceed the
               equivalent of $1,000,000, without the
               prior agreement of the Association.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section, the following
terms have the following meanings:
          (i)  "capital expenditures" means all
               expenditures incurred on account of fixed
               assets, including interest charged to
               construction;
          (ii) "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
               prepared by the Borrower not earlier than
               twelve months prior to the capital
               expenditure in question, which both the
               Association and the Borrower accept as
               reasonable and as to which the
               Association has notified the Borrower of
               its acceptability, provided that no event
               has occurred since such notification
               which has, or may reasonably be expected
               in the future to have, a material adverse
               effect on the economic rate of return of
               the proposed capital expenditure; and
          (iii)     "economic rate of return" shall be
                    determined using a methodology
                    acceptable to the Association.
     Section 4.04. The Borrower shall implement the
measures agreed upon with the Association to improve the
collection by MES of road user charges and the timeliness
of deposit of the appropriate percentage thereof into the
Road Fund and to enable the Road Fund to increase its
revenues so as to cover the following percentages of
programmed road maintenance operations: (i) 20% in Fiscal
Year 1990; (ii) 30% in Fiscal Years 1991 and 1992; (iii)
40% in Fiscal Years 1993 and 1994; and (iv) 50% in Fiscal
Year 1995 and thereafter.
     Section 4.05. The Borrower shall assume all debt
owed by SILO DIATA in any currency other than Pesos.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  The legal instruments establishing the PCU, the
TCU, the TO, the HRPM, LEGUI, the Municipality of Bissau,
Page  11
any of the TCs or the Road Fund shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of the Borrower to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, the
ability of the Municipality of Bissau to perform any of
its obligations under the First Municipality of Bissau
Agreement or the Second Municipality of Bissau Agreement
or the ability of any of the TCs to perform any of their
obligations under the Participation Agreements.
     (b)  The implementation of the Transport Policy
shall have been suspended, terminated or materially
revised.
     (c)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that the Transport Policy,
or a significant portion thereof shall be carried out.
     (d)  (i)  Subject to paragraph (ii) of this
               subsection:
               (A)  The right of the Borrower to
                    withdraw the proceeds of any grant
                    or loan made to the Borrower for the
                    financing of the Project shall have
                    been suspended, cancelled or
                    terminated in whole or in part,
                    pursuant to the terms of the
                    agreement providing therefor, or
               (B)  any such loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof.
          (ii) Subparagraph (i) of this subsection shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A)  such suspension, cancellation,
                    termination or prematuring is not
                    caused by the failure of the
                    Borrower to perform any of its
                    obligations under such agreement;
                    and
               (B)  adequate funds for the Project are
                    available to the Borrower from other
                    sources on terms and conditions
                    consistent with the obligations of
                    the Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  either of the events specified in Subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall
occur; and
     (b)  the event specified in paragraph (d) (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
the proviso of paragraph (d) (ii) of that Section.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of this
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
Page  12
     (a)   the Borrower, through MES, has entered into a
Participation Agreement satisfactory to the Association,
with each of the TCs in accordance with Section 3.03 (b)
of this Agreement;
     (b)  the Project Coordinator, the Project Accountant
and the Project Training Advisor in the PCU have been
appointed in accordance with Section 3.02 (a) of, and
Part A.1 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement;
     (c)  the Borrower has assumed the total debt owed by
SILO DIATA in any currency other than Pesos in accordance
with Section 4.05 of this Agreement;
     (d)  the Borrower has taken measures satisfactory to
the Association to enable the Road Fund to increase its
revenues as set out in Section 4.04 of this Agreement;
     (e)  the Borrower has implemented a system
satisfactory to the Association for adjusting the tariffs
charged by each of the TCs; and
     (f)  the Borrower has duly published the transport
regulations agreed upon with the Association in a form
and forum satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 6.02. The date one hundred and twenty (120)
days after the date of this Agreement is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 6.03. The obligations of the Borrower under
the provisions of Section 4.03 and paragraph (b) of
Section 5.02 of this Agreement shall cease and determine
on the date on which this Agreement shall terminate or on
the date twenty years after the date of this Agreement,
whichever shall be the earlier.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministerio das Financas
          C.P. 67
          Bissau,
          Republica da Guine-Bissau
          Cable address:                Telex:
               MEF                      257 MEF BI
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 2033
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
Page  13
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF GUINEA-BISSAU
               By /s/ Alfredo Lopes Cabral
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Civil and Building3,200,000      100% of foreign
   Works except                         expenditures
   under Part D.3                       and 50% of local
   of the Project                       expenditures
(2)    Design and super-1,550,000       100%
   vision of all works
   under the Project
(3)    Sites and services1,000,000      100% of foreign
   and demonstration                    expenditures
   houses: works,                       and 95% of local
   equipment and                        expenditures
   materials under
   Part D.3 of the
   Project
(4)    Equipment and    1,450,000       100% of foreign
   materials except                     expenditures
   under Part C.5
   of the Project
(5)    Technical assistance3,350,000    100%
   (including studies
   and audits)
(6)    Local and external 650,000       100%
   training courses
Page  14
(7)    Maintenance      4,300,000       100% of foreign
   operations of DGEP,                  expenditures and
   excluding salaries                   50% of local
   and wages, under                     expenditures
   Part C.5 of the                      until January 1,
   Project                              1991; thereafter,
                                        100% of foreign
                                        expenditures and
                                        25% of local
                                        expenditures
                                        until Decem-
                                        ber 31, 1992;
                                        thereafter,
                                        100% of foreign
                                        expenditures.
(8)     Refunding of    1,200,000       Amount due pur-
   Project Prepara-                     suant to Section
   tion Advance                         2.02 (c) of this
                                        Agreement
(9)     Unallocated     1,800,000
       TOTAL           18,500,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
works, goods or services supplied from the territory of
the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement; and
     (b)  payments made under Category (3) unless and
until the Borrower and the Association have agreed upon
the criteria to be used to allocate the plots and houses
referred to in Part D. 3 of the Project and upon the
terms and conditions of such allocation.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to, as part of the
implementation of the Transport Policy: (a) strengthen
the management, planning and coordination capabilities of
the institutions of the Borrower responsible for its
Infrastructure Sectors; (b) improve the equilibrium
between road and river transport in the territory of the
Borrower; (c) remove bottlenecks to increased
agricultural production through the improvement of feeder
roads in the territory of the Borrower; (d) improve
municipal services in the Borrower's urban centers; and
(e) provide trained personnel for the Borrower's agencies
and municipalities and for the private sector in the
territory of the Borrower to operate, maintain and manage
urban and transport infrastructure and services through
undertaking a comprehensive manpower development and
training program.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
Page  15
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Institutional Development of MES,
1.   Strengthening the management capabilities of MES in
the coordination and budgeting of projects in the
Infrastructure Sectors through:
     (a)  technical assistance to HES and on-the-job
training to staff of MES;
     (b)  acquisition of materials and equipment; and
     (c)  remodeling of existing, and construction of
new, houses for use of consultants appointed by MES under
the Project, and remodeling of offices for use by MES.
2.   SET: strengthening the management capabilities of
MES in transport planning and the monitoring of TCs
including:
     (a)  development and maintenance of a data bank
related to transportation in SET;
     (b)  carrying out of studies on user charges and
tariffs charged by the TCs;
     (c)  rehabilitation, including remodeling, of a
maritime workshop for use by SET;
     (d)  acquisition of materials and equipment for said
maritime workshop and of two launches; and
     (e)  on-the-job training of staff of SET through the
carrying out of the above activities.
3.   LEGUI:    strengthening the research capabilities of
MES through:
     (a)  carrying out of a study by LEGUI to evaluate
the feasibility of low-cost upgrading of laterite gravel
roads;
     (b)  carrying out of an inventory by LEGUI of
naturally occurring materials in the territory of the
Borrower suitable for use in the construction and
maintenance of roads and buildings;
     (c)  acquisition and utilization of equipment,
materials and supplies for testing of soils for use by
LEGUI;
     (d)  remodeling of a laboratory building for use by
LEGUI; and
     (e)  on-the-job training of staff of LEGUI through
the carrying out of the above activities.
4.   (a)  Carrying out a five year manpower development
and training program for the Borrower's agencies and
municipalities and for the private sector in the
territory of the Borrower;
     (b)  acquisition and utilization of vehicles, office
supplies and equipment for the purposes of such program;
and
     (c)   reconstruction, remodeling and rehabilitation
of training facilities to be used for the purposes of
such program.
Page  16
Part B:   Assistance to the TCs and to the Associacao de
          Transportadores Privados (ASTRA).
1.   Assistance to each of the TCs, through SET, in:
     (a)  preparation of financial and operational
targets and performance plans;
     (b)  upgrading of cost accounting and financial
management systems and of accounts and annual audits
thereof;
     (c)  strengthening their fleet maintenance
management, including, where appropriate, preparation and
negotiation of management contracts with specialized
entities acceptable to the Association; and
     (d)  the process of privatization, restructuring,
liquidation, or other reorganization, as applicable.
In addition, the following assistance will be provided
through SET:
2.   To JAPG. Assistance in the operation and maintenance
of its workshops;
3.   To RODOFLUVIAL. (a) assistance in the operation and
maintenance of its workshops; and
     (b)  acquisition of one barge, about 10 trucks and
spare parts.
4.   To SILO DIATA. (a) assistance in the operation and
maintenance of its workshops; and
     (b)  acquisition of spare parts.
5.   To TACB. Assistance in the operation and maintenance
of its workshops.
6.   To ASTRA. Assistance through provision of advice to
its members on ways and means to improve their
effectiveness and efficiency in the transport sector.
Part C:   Transport Infrastructure Program.
1.   Works on Main Roads. (a) rehabilitation and
resealing of about 180 kilometers of paved roads;
     (b)  rehabilitation of about 3 kilometers of urban
streets in the City of Bissau and paving of about 5
kilometers of streets in other urban centers; and
     (c)  rehabilitation and graveling of about 175
kilometers of laterite and earth roads, including about16 kilometers of low-cost 
asphalt paving.
2.   Pilot Feeder Road Program. (a) Improvement of about
130 kilometers of feeder roads;
     (b)  spot improvements to selected tracks, trails,
and footpaths linked to the feeder roads improved under
the Project;
     (c)  carrying out of a study on non-motorized
transport in rural areas; and
     (d)  on-the-job training in labor-intensive methods
of road improvement and maintenance through the carrying
out of the above activities staff of DGEP and, through
such staff, of local contractors and communities;
Page  17
3.   Works on Ferly Crossings. Rehabilitation of about 7
ferry ramps and replacement of 1 ferry.
4.   Supplies. Acquisition of equipment, vehicles,
petroleum products, spare parts and materials for the
maintenance of roads, ferry crossings and aerodromes.
5.   Maintenance and minor repair of the roads,
aerodromes and ferry crossings in the territory of the
Borrower.
6.   On-the-job training of staff of DCEP, domestic
contractors and communities, through the carrying out of
the activities described under the preceding paragraph.
Part D:   Urban Program.
1.   Solid Waste Collection. Acquisition for use by the
Municipality of Bissau of equipment and vehicles for the
collection of solid waste in the city of Bissau and its
suburbs.
2.   Acquisition for use by the Municipality of Bissau of
office equipment and supplies.
3.   Sites and Services. (a) development and servicing of
about 470 plots in the City of Bissau and of about 250
plots in provincial and regional centers in the territory
of the Borrower for low-cost housing; and
     (b)  construction of about 40 cost-effective
demonstration houses.
4.   Resettlement. Carrying out a survey to: (a)
ascertain the number of persons currently living on the
sites to be developed under Paragraph 3 hereto; and
     (b)  evaluate whether any of the occupants of the
said sites should be resettled.
5.   Technical Assistance.
     (a)  To DGHU: strengthening its capabilities in
urban planning and in the provision of advisory services
aimed at improving technical and financial management in
the municipalities of the Borrower including, inter alia:
(i) carrying out of relevant studies; (ii) acquisition of
materials and equipment; and (iii) on-the-job training to
staff of DGHU through the carrying out of the above
activities.
     (b)  To the Municipality of Bissau: developing and
implementing an action plan to improve its financial
resources by:
          (i)  updating its existing property taxes and
               land lease tariffs;
          (ii) reorganizing its tax administration and
               its accounting systems and annual audits
               thereof;
          (iii)     improving its management and
                    staffing procedures; and
          (iv) on-the-job training, through the carrying
               out of the above activities, of staff of
               the Municipality of Bissau.
                       *   *   *
Page  18
     The Project is expected to completed by June 30,
1995.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Guinea-Bissau may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Local Competitive Bidding.
     Works in respect of construction and remodelling of
houses
and offices up to an aggregate amount not exceeding the
equivalent of $400,000 may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
2.   Works under Part C.5 of the Project estimated to
cost less than the equivalent of $200,000 each, up to an
aggregate not exceeding the equivalent of $800,000 may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding among small qualified local
contractors in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
3.   Shopping
     Contracts for the supply of goods and materials
estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $200,000,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$3,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.   Direct Contracting
     Equipment and spare parts of a proprietary nature
obtainable
from one source may, with the prior agreement of the
Association in each case, be procured by direct
Page  19
contracting from such source in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
5.   Fuel and lubricants for road maintenance operations
may be procured in accordance with the Borrower's
standard practices acceptable to the Association.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
1 to 7 set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to two million dollars ($2,000,000) to
Page  20
be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into
the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to, or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
Page  21
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; and (ii) was
not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Association: (A) provide such additional
evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit
into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall so
request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower
has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Implementation
Part A.   The Project Coordination Unit (PCU).
     The PCU shall be responsible for overall
implementation and coordination of the Project and shall
carry out Part A (with the exception of provision of
technical assistance under Part A.2) and Part B.4 (b) of
the Project as hereinafter provided.
1.   Composition:
     The PCU, established in MES, shall be composed of a
coordinator (the Project Coordinator) who shall be a
civil engineer, an accountant (the Project Accountant),
a training advisor (the Project Training Advisor) and
local technical and support staff in numbers and having
functions satisfactory to the Association.
Page  22
2.   Responsibilities:
     The PCU shall have the following responsibilities:
     (a)  In respect of the overall implementation of the
Project:
          (i)  manage the Special Account;
          (ii) monitor procedures for the procurement of
               goods, services and works, and for
               disbursements of the proceeds of the
               Credit;
          (iii)     coordinate and monitor the
                    performance of consultants engaged
                    under the Project;
          (iv) collect the progress reports prepared by
               TCU for Parts A.2 and B of the Project
               and by TO for Part C of the Project and
               consolidate them with those it prepares,
               and prepare and furnish to MES, the
               Cofinanciers and the Association as soon
               as available, but in any case not later
               than one month after the end of each
               quarter, a consolidated Project progress
               report in such detail and of such scope
               as the Association shall have reasonably
               requested in respect of such quarter,
               including the report on the performance
               of each of TCs with respect to the
               operational and financial targets
               prepared by TCU under Part B.1 of the
               Project;
     (b)  In respect of Parts A (with the exception of
provision of technical assistance under Part A.2), B.3
(b) and B.4 (b) of the Project:
          (i)  provide technical assistance to MES and
               on-the-job training to staff thereof
               under Part A.1 of the Project;
          (ii) through the Project Training Advisor,
               organize HRPM in GEP as provided f or in
               Part C of this Schedule and, through
               HRPM, carry out the program described
               under Part A.4 of the Project;
          (iii)     prepare bidding documents and
                    supervise the performance of ensuing
                    contracts in respect of works, goods
                    and services; and
          (iv) prepare quarterly progress reports for
               consolidation as provided for under
               paragraph (a) (iv) above.
     (c)  assist MES in the preparation of the annual and
threeyear investment plans, and annual budgets and
expenditure reviews to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to Section 4.02 of this Agreement.
Part B.   The Transport Coordination Unit (TCU)
     TCU shall provide the technical assistance described
under Parts A.2 and B of the Project as hereinafter
provided.
1.   Composition
Page  23
     TCU, established in SET shall be composed of a
coordinator, administrative and financial management
specialists, engineers, workshop mechanics and local
technical and support staff in the numbers agreed upon
with the Association.
2.   Responsibilities
     TCU shall:
     (a)  provide the technical assistance described
under Parts A.2 and B of the Project to SET and, through
SET, to TCs;
     (b)  assist ASTRA through provision of advice to its
members on ways and means to improve their effectiveness
and efficiency in the transport sector; and
     (c)  prepare quarterly progress reports in respect
of Parts A.2 and B of the Project for submission to MES,
SET and PCU.
Part C.   The Human Resource Planning and Management
          Section (HRPM)
1.   Composition
     HRPM established in GEP shall be headed by the
Project
Training Advisor and composed of a human resource
development and training specialist, an assistant, a
secretary and other local technical and support staff in
the numbers agreed upon with the Association
2.   Responsibilities
     HRPM, under the direction of the Project Training
Advisor,
shall carry out the program described under Part A.4 of
the Project and assist the Borrower to develop its
capacity to plan for and coordinate the long term
manpower needs of its Infrastructure Sectors.
Part D.   The Technical Office (TO)
     MES shall, with the assistance of TO as hereinafter
provided, carry out Parts C (with the exception of Part
C.2) of the Project through DGEP and Part D (with the
exception of Part D. 1 and Part D.5 (b)) of the Project
through DGHU.
1.   Composition. TO, established in MES, shall be
composed of a highway engineer, short term workshop
specialists, 2 road technicians and local technical and
support staff in the numbers agreed upon with the
Association.
2.   Responsibilities. TO shall: (a) in respect of Part
C (with the exception of Part C.2) of the Project:
          (i)  prepare bidding documents and supervise
               the performance of ensuing contracts; and
          (ii) prepare quarterly progress reports for
               submission to PCU.
     (b)  in respect of Part D (with the exception of D.
1 and D.5(b)) of the Project:
          (i)  prepare bidding documents and supervise
               the performance of ensuing contracts;
Page  24
          (ii) prepare quarterly progress reports for
               submission to PCU;
         (iii) monitor the allocation of plots and
               houses and the cost recovery related
               thereto.
          (iv) carry out the survey described under Part
               D.4 of the Project;
          (v)  coordinate with central and local
               government agencies, including the
               Municipality of Bissau; and
          (vi) provide the technical assistance
               described under Part D.5 (a) of the
               Project.
