Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2180 GH
                          GREL Project Agreement
                  (Agricultural Diversification Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                       GHANA RUBBER ESTATES LIMITED
                          Dated December 21, 1990
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2180 GH
                          GREL PROJECT AGREEMENT
       AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and GHANA RUBBER ESTATES
LIMITED (GREL).
       WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Ghana (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to twelve
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
12,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that GREL agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
       (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and GREL, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made
available to GREL on the terms and conditions acceptable to the
Association; and
       WHEREAS GREL, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
       NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
       Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, in the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
       Section 2.01. GREL declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part C of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, agricultural and
environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part C of the Project.
       Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
       Section 2.03. GREL shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the GREL Project Agreement
and Part C of the Project
       Section 2.04. GREL shall duly perform all its obligations
under the GREL Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, GREL shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the GREL Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
       Section 2.05. (a) GREL shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part C of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the GREL Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
       (b)   GREL shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part C of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by GREL of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the GREL Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
       Section 2.06. GREL shall:
       (a)   purchase the rubber from entrepreneurs at a price based
on a margin for costs worked back from the prices determined as in
paragraph (b) below; and
       (b)   sell its rubber at market determined prices.
       Section 2.07. (a) GREL shall furnish to the Association, not
later than June 30, 1991, an implementation plan and management
program for the rubber outgrower schemes satisfactory to the
Association and shall not modify such plan and program thereafter
without prior consultation with the Association.
       (b)   GREL shall furnish to the Association, not later than
December 31, 1991, a model outgrower service and input supply
agreement satisfactory to the Association.
Page  3
       Section 2.08. In providing extension advice to outgrowers,
GREL shall follow sound environmental practices, pay particular
attention to erosion control and shall, in the provision of inputs,
avoid the use of toxic chemicals.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of GREL
       Section 3.01. GREL shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
agricultural and environmental practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
       Section 3.02. GREL shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
agricultural practices.
       Section 3.03. GREL shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
       Section 4.01. (a) GREL shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
       (b)   GREL shall:
             (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                    statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                    and expenses and related statements) for each
                    fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                    appropriate auditing principles consistently
                    applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                    the Association;
             (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                    but in any case not later than six months after
                    the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                    of its financial statements for such year as so
                    audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                    auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                    Association shall have reasonably requested; and
             (iii)  furnish to the Association such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts and financial
                    statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Association shall from time to time reasonably
                    request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
       Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
       Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of GREL thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
             (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
Page  4
                    Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                    terms; or
             (ii)   the date 30 years after the date of this
                    Agreement.
       (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify GREL of
this event.
       Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
       Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable or
telex to the party to which it is required or permitted to be given
or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or at such
other address as such party shall have designated by notice to the
party giving such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
       For the Association:
             International Development Association
             1818 H Street, N.W.
             Washington, D.C. 20433
             United States of America
              Cable address:                  Telex:
                    INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                    Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                                64145 (WUI) or
                                                82987 (FTCC)
       For GREL:
             Ghana Rubber Estates Limited
             P.O. Box 228
             Takoradi, Ghana
                                              Telex:
                                               2656 GREL GH
       Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of GREL may be taken or executed by the Managing
Director or such other person or persons as GREL shall designate in
writing, and GREL shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
       Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  5
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                    GHANA RUBBER ESTATES LIMITED
                    By /s/ Joseph L. S. Abbey
                                                Authorized Representative
