Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3523 PH
               (Telephone System Expansion Project)
                              between
                    REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated April 23, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3523 PH
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 23, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF THE
PHILIPPINES (the "Guarantor") and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the "Bank").
      WHEREAS: (A) The Guarantor and the Development Bank of the
Philippines (the "Borrower"), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS: (B) By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to
the Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
thirty-four million dollars ($134,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS: (C) The Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the "General Conditions")
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth, and the following terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Amortization Fund" means the fund established pursuant
to Section 2.03 (b) of this Agreement;
      (b)   "MOU" means the Memorandum of Understanding entered or
to be entered into between the Guarantor and the Borrower pursuant
to Section 2.03 of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time; and
      (c)   "Sub-Loans" mean collectively the participation term
loan facility and syndicate term loan facility provided for under
the Participation Loan and Agency Agreement and the Syndicate Loan
Agreement, respectively.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor hereby further agrees to assume:
(a) the cross-currency risk between the repayment of, and payment of
interest on, the principal amount of the Loan denominated in various
currencies and the repayment of, and payment of interest on, the
principal amounts of the Sub-Loans denominated in Dollars; and (b)
direct responsibility for any and all the risks in respect of, or
related to, the investments made by the Borrower with the proceeds
of the Amortization Fund.
      Section 2.03.  The Guarantor agrees to enter into an agreement
with the Borrower in the form of a memorandum of understanding (the
MOU), satisfactory to the Bank, whereunder it shall: (a) receive
from the Borrower a guarantee fee and a cross-currency risk fee each
at the rate equal to one percent (1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time and which have been made available to, and remain to be
repaid by, PLDT under the Financing Agreements; and (b) together
with the Borrower, establish an Amortization Fund comprising the
principal amounts of the Sub-Loans and interest due thereon repaid
and paid to the Borrower by the Syndicate Banks.
      Section 2.04.  The Guarantor shall furnish in a timely manner
the results of its annual review and recommendations regarding the
implementations of its telecommunication policies, and seek the
Bank's comments particularly if major change in any such policy is
expected.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  3
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Secretary of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretary of Finance
            Department of Finance
            Manila
            Philippines
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                        27550 CPB-PH
                  Manila                        40268 CB-CONF
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                     197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA),
                                                 64145 (WUI) or
                                                 82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                  By /s/ Franklin M. Ebdalin
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Gautam S. Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
