Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3523 PH
               (Telephone System Expansion Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
            PHILIPPINE LONG DISTANCE TELEPHONE COMPANY
                       Dated April 23, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3523 PH
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 23, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the "Bank") and PHILIPPINE LONG
DISTANCE TELEPHONE COMPANY ("PLDT").
      WHEREAS: (A) By the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and Development Bank of the Philippines (the
"Borrower"), the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred thirty-
four million dollars ($134,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PLDT agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      WHEREAS: (B) By Financing Agreements, the proceeds of the Loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to PLDT
on the terms and conditions set forth in the said Financing
Agreements; and
      WHEREAS: (C) PLDT, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement
and the General Conditions (as so defined therein) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PLDT declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, PLDT shall carry out the Project in accordance with
sound environmental management practices satisfactory to the Bank,
as shall be specified by the Environmental Management Bureau of the
Department of Environment and Natural Resources, or any other
concerned agency of the Guarantor.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services required for the Project, and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, shall be governed by
the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PLDT shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. PLDT shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Syndicate Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, PLDT shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Syndicate Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PLDT shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Syndicate Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   PLDT shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by PLDT of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Syndicate Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of PLDT
      Section 3.01. PLDT shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
telecommunications utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. PLDT shall at all times operate and maintain its
Page  3
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
telecommunications utility practices.
      Section 3.03. PLDT shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. (a) PLDT shall at all times maintain its
corporate existence and right to carry on its operations, and take
all steps necessary to acquire, maintain and renew all rights,
powers, privileges and franchises which are necessary or useful in
the conduct of its business and for the execution of the Project.
      (b)   Except in the normal course of its business, PLDT shall
not, without the prior approval of the Bank, sell, lease, transfer
or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets which shall
or may adversely affect, in a substantial manner, the efficient
operation of its business and undertaking.
      Section 3.05. By December 1, 1993, and each year thereafter,
until the completion of the Project, PLDT shall: (a) carry out, in
consultation with the Bank, a review of its investment program for
the succeeding five (5) years, and its investments for the preceding
two (2) years; and (b) adopt the recommendations arising from these
reviews, taking into account the comments made by the Bank.
      Section 3.06. PLDT shall: (a) prepare annually a comparative
analysis of its actual performance against its operational targets;
(b) furnish said analysis to the Bank for review and comments; and
(c) implement the mutually acceptable recommendations to remedy any
shortfall in its performance.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PLDT shall maintain separate records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   PLDT shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six (6) months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, PLDT shall:
            (i)   maintain in accordance with sound accounting
Page  4
                  practices, records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Bank has received the
                  audit report for the fiscal year in which the
                  last withdrawal from the Loan Account was made;
                  and
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records.
      (b)   PLDT  shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six (6) months after the
                  end of each such year the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested,
                  including a separate opinion by said auditors as
                  to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PLDT shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal year
ending on December 31, 1992, an annual return of not less than eight
percent (8%) of the average current net value of PLDT's fixed assets
in operation.
      (b)   Before December 1 of each year beginning on December 1,
1992, PLDT shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PLDT and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and
the next following fiscal year, and shall furnish to the Bank the
results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that PLDT would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for PLDT's fiscal years
covered by such review, PLDT shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, making proposals to the
Guarantor for adjustments of the structure or levels of its tariff)
in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  PLDT's net operating income for the fiscal year
                  in question by one half (1/2) of the sum of the
                  current net value of PLDT's fixed assets in
                  operation at the beginning and at the end of that
                  fiscal year.
           (ii)   The term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses.
          (iii)   The term "total operating revenues" means
Page  5
                  revenues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance, net taxes
                  and payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                  depreciation in a manner consistent with the
                  generally accepted accounting principles in the
                  Republic of the Philippines.
            (v)   The average current gross value of PLDT's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                  half (1/2) of the sum of the gross value of
                  PLDT's fixed assets in operation at the beginning
                  and at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                  time to time in accordance with sound and
                  consistently maintained methods of valuation
                  satisfactory to the Bank.
           (vi)   The term "current net value of PLDT's fixed
                  assets in operation" means the gross value of
                  PLDT's fixed assets in operation less the amount
                  of accumulated depreciation, as valued from time
                  to time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Bank.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal year ending on
December 31, 1992, PLDT shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable
forecast of PLDT's revenues and expenditures shows that PLDT's
estimated net revenues for each fiscal year during the term of the
debt to be incurred shall, be at least 1.1 times PLDT's estimated
debt service requirements in such year on all debt of PLDT including
the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLDT
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-operating
                        income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, net taxes and
                        payments in lieu of taxes, but excluding
                        provision for depreciation, other non-cash
                        operating charges and interest and other
                        charges on debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
Page  6
                  (B)   expenses, including net taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, incurred in the
                        generation of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt net of foreign exchange losses
                  recovered by PLDT in the normal course of
                  business.
          (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by PLDT not earlier than twelve (12)
                  months prior to the incurrence of the debt in
                  question, which both the Bank and PLDT accept as
                  reasonable and as to which the Bank has notified
                  PLDT of its acceptability, provided that no event
                  has occurred since such notification which has,
                  or may reasonably be expected in the future to
                  have, a material adverse effect on the financial
                  condition or future operating results of PLDT.
          (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made on
                  the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                  time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PLDT thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Syndicate Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify PLDT thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  7
            Cable address:                            Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                           197688 (TRT)'
                  Washington, D.C.                    248423 (RCA),
                                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                                       82987 (FTCC)
      For PLDT:
            Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company
            P.O. Box 952
            Makati, Metro-Manila
            Philippines
            Attention: President
            Cable address:                            Telex:
                  FONES                               45169
                  Metro-Manila                        PLDTCO PM
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PLDT, may be taken or executed by the
President of PLDT or such other person or persons as the President
of PLDT shall designate in writing, and PLDT shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Gautam S. Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                        PHILIPPINE LONG DISTANCE TELEPHONE COMPANY
                        By /s/ Ricardo R. Zarate
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
                            Procurement
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the "Guidelines").
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Republic of
Page  8
the Philippines may be granted a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof, items or
groups of items of goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent
of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) per contract,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of eight
hundred thousand dollars ($800,000), may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three (3) suppliers from at least three (3)
different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Except as provided in subparagraph 3 hereof, items or groups
of items of goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of two hundred thousand dollars
($200,000), may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three (3)
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Contracts for equipment and spare parts of a proprietary
nature, or which are required to ensure standardization and
compatibility with existing equipment and facilities, may be
procured by direct contracting with the suppliers thereof.  Each
contract for switching equipment would be awarded subject to
confirmation by an independent inspection company, acceptable to the
Bank, that the negotiated prices are comparable with international
prices for similar equipment recently provided by the supplier.
Such contracts shall require prior approval by the Bank.
Part D: Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods, with exception
of contracts for proprietary items, estimated to cost the equivalent
of one million dollars ($1,000,000) or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two (2) conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two (2) conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in
accordance with Section 4.02 (a) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.    The figure of fifteen percent (15%) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
Page  9
      In order to assist PLDT in carrying out the Project, PLDT
shall, by June 30, 1993, employ management consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
