Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                          Agreement Providing for
                               Amendment and
                              Restatement of
                       Development Credit Agreement
          (Agricultural Sector Adjustment and Investment Project)
                                  between
                      ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated February 26, 1990
                 As Amended and Restated on April 26, 1994
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 26, 1994, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
MAURITANIA (the Borrower), and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Association have agreed to amend the
Development Credit Agreement between the Borrower and the Association, dated
February 26, 1990 (the Development Credit Agreement), as amended through a
first exchange of letters dated September 11, 1992 and October 19, 1992
(First Amendment); and a further exchange of letters dated July 6, 1993 and
August 5, 1993 (Second Amendment), in the manner hereinafter set forth
(Third Amendment);
      (B)   the Association has decided by letter of even date herewith to
terminate the Project Agreement between the Association and the Union des
Banques de Developpement (UBD), also dated February 26, 1990, UBD being in
liquidation pursuant to Jugement No. 008/CCC du Tribunal de la Wilaya de
Nouakchott, of June 26, 1993;
      (C)   the Association and the Union des Cooperatives de Credit et
d'Epargne de Mauritanie (UNCACEM) have agreed to enter into a Project
Agreement of even date herewith;
Page  2
      (D)   the Association and SONADER have agreed to amend the Project
Agreement between the Association and SONADER, also dated February 26, 1990,
by Letter of Agreement of even date herewith;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
      Section 1.01. The Development Credit Agreement is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety so as to read as set forth in the Annex hereto.
      Section 1.02. This Agreement shall become effective upon receipt by
the Association of a legal opinion within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b)
of the General Conditions asserting that:
      (a)   the UNCACEM Project Agreement has been duly signed by UNCACEM
and ratified and is legally binding upon UNCACEM in accordance with its
terms; and
      (b)   the UNCACEM Subsidiary Loan Agreement dated August 12, 1993 has
been duly signed by the Borrower and by UNCACEM, and is legally binding upon
the Borrower and UNCACEM, respectively, in accordance with its terms.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                  By /s/ Mohamed Fall Ainina
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                          ANNEX
                                          to Agreement providing
                                          for Amendment and
                                          Restatement of Develop-
                                          ment Credit Agreement
                                          dated February 26, 1990
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                       Third Agreement Amending and
Page  3
                                 Restating
                       Development Credit Agreement
          (Agricultural Sector Adjustment and Investment Project)
                                  between
                      ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated February 26, 1990
                 As Amended and Restated on April 26, 1994
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 26, 1990, as amended through a first
exchange of letters dated September 11, 1992 and October 19, 1992 (the First
Amendment); a further exchange of letters dated July 6, 1993 and August 5,
1993 (the Second Amendment); and by Agreement (the Third Amendment) and
Restatement on April 26, 1994, between Islamic Republic of Mauritania (the
Borrower) and International Development Association (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter, dated April 22,
1989, from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives and
policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of the Borrower's
agricultural sector (hereinafter called the Program), declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and requesting
assistance from the Association in the financing of urgently needed imports
required during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower, having committed itself to the execution of the
Program and, as part thereof, having undertaken to carry out part of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project and urgently needed
imports required during the execution of the Program;
      (C)   part of the Project will be carried out by Societe Nationale de
Developpement Rural (hereinafter called SONADER) and Union des Cooperatives
Agricoles de Credit et d'Epargne de Mauritanie (hereinafter called UNCACEM)
with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to SONADER and UNCACEM part of the proceeds of the
Credit as provided in this Agreement;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the German Federal
Republic (Germany) a loan (the German Loan) in an amount of DM 3,500,000,
to assist in financing part of the Program on terms and conditions set forth
in an agreement (the German Loan Agreement), to be entered into between the
Borrower and Germany;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to contract from Caisse Centrale de
Cooperation Economique (CCCE) a loan (the CCCE Loan) in an amount of FF
50,000,000, to assist in financing part of the Project on terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the CCCE Loan Agreement), to be
entered into between the Borrower and CCCE;
      (F)   the Borrower intends to contract from the World Food Program
(WFP) a grant (the WFP Grant) in an amount equivalent to $1,500,000, to
assist in financing part of the Project on terms and conditions set forth
in an agreement (the WFP Grant Agreement), to be entered into between the
Borrower and WFP; and
      (G)   the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
Page  4
set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreements of even date
herewith between the Association and SONADER and UBD, respectively; the
latter closed by a letter from the Association and replaced by the UNCACEM
Project Agreement both of even date with the Third Amendment;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications thereof set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified as follows:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that may be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to the provisions
      of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or such
      later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and
      the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the
      Association a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
      Association shall reasonably request, on the execution of the Program
      referred to in the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement, the
      performance by the Borrower and the Association of their respective
      obligations under the Development Credit Agreement and the
      accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms
have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classification,
Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations in Statistical
Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986);
      (b)   "Special Account" means the accounts referred to in Section 2.02
(b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Project Area" means the Foum Gleita irrigated area, the flood
recession cropping areas around the Foum Gleita reservoir, and the public
smallholder schemes in the Senegal River Valley, administered by SONADER and
situated to the east of the District ("Wilaya") of Trarza;
      (d)   "SONADER Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and SONADER of even date herewith, as the same may be amended
from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the SONADER Project Agreement;
      (e)   "UBD Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and UBD of even date herewith, which is to be terminated by
letter from the Association of even date with the Third Amendment;
      (f)   "UNCACEM Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and UNCACEM of even date with the Third Amendment, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the UNCACEM Project Agreement;
      (g)   "UNCACEM Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the Agreement entered
into between the Borrower and UNCACEM on August 12, 1993 pursuant to Section
3.02 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such terms include all schedules to the UNCACEM Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, if any;
Page  5
      (h)   "SONADER Subsidiary Grant Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SONADER pursuant to Section 3.02 (b)
(i) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules to the SONADER Subsidiary Grant Agreement;
      (i)   "MDRE" means the Borrower's Ministry of Rural Development and
the Environment;
      (j)   "Cellule" means the Cellule de Planification within MDRE;
      (k)   "SONIMEX" means Societe Nationale d'Import/Export, the
Borrower's import company for various commodities;
      (l)   "Interministerial Committee" means the committee established by
Decree 89056 of March 29, 1989, of the Borrower; and
      (m)   "Technical Project Unit" means the committee established by
Arrete No. R 020 MEF/MDRE of February 4, 1989.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Development Credit
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to nineteen million
four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 19,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to
be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in convertible ouguiyas two special accounts (hereinafter called
Program Special Account and Project Special Account, respectively), on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments
out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from
time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each
year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per
annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty days
after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the respective dates
on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account
or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time
to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June
30 in each year shall be applied from the next date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as the
Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind
imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions or in such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time
to time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on
Page  6
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semiannual
installments payable on each February 1 and August 1, commencing August 1,
2000 and ending February 1, 2030. Each installment to, and including the
installment payable on, February 1, 2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%)
of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per capita,
as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985
dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the
Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to
the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments under
paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of
each such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may
revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant element
obtained under the above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's economic
condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform
to the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The Director General of SONADER and the Director
General of UNCACEM, respectively, are designated as representatives of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be
taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V
of the General Conditions in respect of Categories 1, 2 (b), 4 (b), and 5
(b), and Categories 2 (c), 3 and 4 (c), respectively, set forth in the table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the Borrower
hereby entrusts its Central Bank with responsibility for the preparation of
withdrawal applications under Category 6 of the Credit and for the
collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the
Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal applications
shall be consolidated and sent to the Association once a month.
                                ARTICLE III
             Execution of the Project and Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this
end, shall carry out Part C.4 and 5 of the Project through MDRE with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate agricultural
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. (a) Without any limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under this Agreement, the Borrower shall: (i) cause
SONADER to carry out Parts A.1 through 6, B and C.1 and 2 of the Project and
to perform, in accordance with the provisions of the SONADER Project
Agreement, all the other obligations of SONADER therein set forth; (ii)
cause UNCACEM to carry out Part A.7 of the Project and to perform, in
Page  7
accordance with the provisions of the UNCACEM Project Agreement, all the
other obligations of UNCACEM therein set forth; and (iii) take or cause to
be taken all action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources necessary or appropriate to enable SONADER and UNCACEM
to perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall:
(i) make the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to
Categories 1, 2 (b), 4 (b) and 5 (b) of the table set forth in paragraph 1
of Schedule 1 to this Agreement available to SONADER under the SONADER
Subsidiary Grant Agreement; and (ii) make the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to Category 3 of said table available to UNCACEM
under the UNCACEM Subsidiary Loan Agreement, both on terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the SONADER
Subsidiary Grant Agreement and the UNCACEM Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association and
to accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the SONADER Subsidiary Grant Agreement or the UNCACEM Subsidiary Grant
Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions specified in Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association for its review and comment a report on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as the Association
shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services for the
Program and for Part C.4 and 5 of the Project, and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit, shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3
to this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, during the execution of the Project,
maintain the Cellule, the Interministerial Committee and the Technical
Project Unit or any other entity for coordination and supervision,
acceptable to the Borrower and the Association, with adequate staffing and
responsibilities.
      Section 3.06. Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   (i)   not later than November 30 during each year the Project
                  is carried out, review SONADER's budget referred to in
                  Section 2.08 of the SONADER Project Agreement; and
           (ii)   promptly thereafter take all necessary measures,
                  including the provision of funds, to enable SONADER to
                  carry out its budgeted operations; and
      (b)   not later than June 30, 1990, second staff with expertise in
forestry, public health and fisheries to SONADER's regional directorate of
Foum Gleita.
      Section 3.07. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause SONADER and
UNCACEM to maintain, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the expenditures
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section, including those for the Special
                  Accounts, for each fiscal year audited in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently applied by
Page  8
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year, a certified copy of the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
                  the last withdrawal from the Credit Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                  other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are included in the
                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services,
plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively): (a) in respect of Parts A.1 through 6, B and C.1 and 2 of the
Project shall be carried out by SONADER pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
SONADER Project Agreement; and (b) in respect of Part A.7 of the Project
shall be carried out by UNCACEM pursuant to Section 2.03 of the UNCACEM
Project Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
      (b)   SONADER or UNCACEM shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the SONADER Project Agreement or the UNCACEM Project
Agreement, respectively.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date of the
Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that SONADER or UNCACEM will be able to
perform its obligations under the SONADER Project Agreement or the UNCACEM
Project Agreement, respectively.
      (d)   Decree No. 75/237 of July 24, 1975 of the Borrower, establishing
SONADER, shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived
so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of SONADER to perform
Page  9
any of its obligations under the SONADER Project Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of SONADER or
UNCACEM or for the suspension of the operations of SONADER or UNCACEM.
      (f)   The German Loan Agreement, or the CCCE Loan Agreement or the WFP
Grant Agreement shall not be signed by June 30, 1990, or such later date as
the Borrower and the Association may agree; provided, however, that the
provisions of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower establishes to
the satisfaction of the Association that adequate funds for the Project are
available to the Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions
consistent with the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      (g)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds
                        of the German Loan, or the CCCE Loan, or the WFP
                        Grant made to the Borrower for the financing of the
                        Project shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to the
                        terms of the German Loan Agreement, the CCCE Loan
                        Agreement or the WFP Grant Agreement, respectively;
                        or
                  (B)   the German Loan or the CCCE Loan shall have become
                        due and payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not apply if the
                  Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
                  Association that: (A) such suspension, cancellation,
                  termination or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                  of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the Project
                  are available to the Borrower from other sources on terms
                  and conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                  Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the events specified in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower;
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (d) and (e) of Section 4.01
of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (g) (i) (B) of Section 4.01 of
this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (g) (ii) of
that Section.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the SONADER Subsidiary Grant Agreement and the UBD Subsidiary
Grant Agreement have been signed;
      (b)   the Association is satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.03 (a) of this Agreement, with the progress achieved
by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program;
      (c)   the Borrower has revised the Decree, Arretes and Circulaires
implementing its Ordonnance No. 83-127 of June 5, 1983 and has enacted a
Code des Baux Ruraux;
Page  10
      (d)   SONADER has increased water charges for the growing season 1990-
1991 in large-scale irrigation areas by 15% over the level of said charges
for the growing season 1989-1990;
      (e)   SONADER has issued an action plan, acceptable to the
Association, for SONADER's gradual withdrawal from distribution of inputs
to farmers over the next three years;
      (f)   the Borrower has linked the domestic wholesale price of imported
rice, sold by SONIMEX, to the world price of rice, and completed the
transfer of its rice mills to the private sector;
      (g)   the Borrower has introduced customs' duties on commercial cereal
imports at rates equal to the average rates applied to imported rice; and
      (h)   the Borrower is current in its obligation pursuant to Section
3.06 (a) (ii) of this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. The following are specified as matters, within the
meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions, to be included in
the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:
      (a)   the SONADER Project Agreement and the UBD Project Agreement have
been duly signed by SONADER and by UBD, respectively, and ratified and are
legally binding upon SONADER and UBD, respectively, in accordance with their
terms; and
      (b)   the SONADER Subsidiary Grant Agreement and the UBD Subsidiary
Grant Agreement have been duly signed by the Borrower and by SONADER and
UBD, respectively, and are legally binding upon the Borrower, SONADER and
UBD, respectively, in accordance with their terms.
      Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Plan of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Plan
            B.P. 238
            Nouakchott
            Islamic Republic of Mauritania
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MP                        540 MTN
                  Nouakchott
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
Page  11
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF MAURITANIA
                  By /s/ Abdallahi Ould Daddah
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit
to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
       Amount of the
     Credit Allocated                % of
      (Expressed in              Expenditures
CategorySDR Equivalent)         to be Financed
(1)     Civil works                  800,000        100%
(2)     Equipment and                               100%
    vehicles:
    (a) MDRE 50,000
    (b) SONADER                      550,000
(3)     Agricultural                 650,000        100%
    credit
(4)     Technical                                   100%
    assistance,
    studies and
    training for:
    (a) MDRE 350,000
    (b) SONADER                    1,100,000
       Amount of the
     Credit Allocated                % of
      (Expressed in              Expenditures
CategorySDR Equivalent)         to be Financed
(5)     Incremental
    operating costs:
Page  12
    (a) MDRE 180,000                     50%
    (b) SONADER                    1,005,000        70%
(6)     Goods imported            14,000,000        100%
    during the
    execution of
    the Program
(7)     Unallocated                  715,000
             __________
        TOTAL                     19,400,000
             ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "incremental operating
costs" means the additional expenses to be made in carrying out the Project
for personnel, maintenance of buildings, transport and materials.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made:
    (a)   in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not exceeding
the equivalent of SDR 2,800,000 may be made in respect of Category (6) of
paragraph 1, on account of payments made for expenditures before that date
but after November 1, 1989;
    (b)   under Category (3) in respect of allocation of Subsidiary Loan
amounts prior to August 30, 1993 and before UNCACEM has obtained the
assurances referred to under paragraph A.3 of the Schedule to its Project
Agreement;
    (c)   under Category (6) in respect of:
          (i)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
                groups or sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups
                under future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the
                Association by notice to the Borrower:
    Group       Sub-group         Description of Items
    112               -           Alcoholic beverages
    121               -           Tobacco, unmanufactured; tobacco refuse
    122               -           Tobacco, manufactured (whether or not
                                  containing tobacco substitutes)
    525               -           Radioactive and associated materials
    667               -           Pearls, precious and semi-precious
                                  stones, unworked or worked
    718         718.7             Nuclear reactors, and parts thereof, fuel
                                  elements (cartridges), non-irradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
    897         897.3             Jewelry of gold, silver or platinum group
                                  metals (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths' wares
                                  (including set gems)
    971         -                 Gold, non-monetary (excluding gold ores
                                  and concentrates)
         (ii)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
                or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
        (iii)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
                less than $5,000 equivalent;
Page  13
         (iv)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which any
                national or international financing institution or agency
                other than the Association shall have financed or agreed to
                finance;
          (v)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
                military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
         (vi)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent to
                SDR 2,800,000 for petroleum products and foodstuffs.
4.  No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into to
pay amounts to, or on the order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures
to be financed out of Category (6) after the aggregate of the proceeds of
the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account under said Category and the
total amount of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR
7,000,000, unless the Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.03 of this Agreement based on evidence
satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the
Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; and (b) that the actions
described in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been taken.
5.  If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 4 above, the
Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that the progress
achieved and the actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90 days
after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved progress and taken
actions satisfactory to the Association, then the Association may, by notice
to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount allocated to Category (6) or
any part thereof.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are to support institutional and general
policy reforms, as set forth in the Program for the development of the
Borrower's agricultural sector, and to test new approaches to irrigated
agriculture suitable for the Borrower.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Agricultural Development in the Project Area
1.  Preparation and implementation of a system for rational water
distribution and maintenance of irrigation infrastructure.
2.  Construction of an unpaved access road of about 8 km in length to link
the Project Area with the Kaedi-M'Bout main road and a foot bridge over the
irrigation feeder canal.
3.  Construction of buildings and village infrastructure, including drinking
water connections, for community activities in five new villages.
4.  Provision of agricultural extension services in the Project area to
raise crops and livestock, including in-service and refresher training in
Mauritania and abroad for technicians and extension agents and farmers'
visits to demonstration sites.
5.  Carrying out adaptive research and pre-extension trials in irrigated
agriculture, flood recession cropping and the integration of crops and
livestock.
6.  Construction of vaccination parks, water tanks and other infrastructure
and provision of equipment related to animal health.
7.  Provision of agricultural credit to farmers and fishermen in the Project
Area.
Part B:   Physical and Human Environment in the Project Area
Page  14
1.  Establishment of wind-protected zones by widening of existing lines of
trees and their extension along about 26 km of main canals, and planting of
windbreaks and fruit trees within cropping areas along drains and secondary
canals.
2.  Implementation of pilot projects in the areas of tree planting for use
as building poles and fuel wood and planting of shade trees.
3.  Exploitation of fishing potential of the Foum Gleita dam reservoir by
supporting the organization of a fishermen cooperative, training fishermen,
introducing new varieties of fish in said reservoir, and monitoring its
water quality and fish stocks.
4.  Provision of health services, including training of paramedical
personnel, acquisition of health equipment and carrying out of
epidemiological surveys and tests.
Part C:   Institutional Strengthening
1.  Improvement of SONADER's management methods and reorganization of its
personnel.
2.  Training in Mauritania and abroad of SONADER's staff in economic,
technical and management skills.
3.  Strengthening of the Cellule and reorganization of MDRE.
4.  Reorganization of the Borrower's departments involved in land tenure.
                                 *   *  *
    The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works for the Project
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those
set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures described
in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Islamic Republic of Mauritania
may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
    In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures described
in Part A hereof, a margin of preference may be granted to domestic
contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Except as provided in paragraph 2 of this Part, construction works,
equipment and vehicles estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$100,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.  Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$20,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent
of $200,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
Page  15
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
3.  Works on tree plantations and village infrastructure works, estimated
to cost up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$1,400,000, may be carried out by force account.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to the first contract procured in accordance with
Part D.1 of this Schedule, and each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Accounts, such procedures shall
be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required
to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Accounts, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract, together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3, shall be furnished to the Association as part of the evidence
to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
3.07 (c) of this Agreement.
2.  The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
    In order to provide assistance in carrying out the Project, the
Borrower, SONADER and UNCACEM shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of
the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
Section III.  Procurement of Goods other than for the Project,
            during the Execution of the Program
1.  Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of $1,500,000 or more each shall be awarded through international
competitive bidding in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines),
subject to the following modifications:
    (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the following is
substituted therefor:
    "2.8  Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified in a timely manner
    of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by advertising invitations
    to apply for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to apply for
    prequalification, or to bid; such advertisements should be placed in at
    least one newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's country
    and, in addition, in at least one of the following forms:
          (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication, Development
Page  16
                Forum, Business Edition; or
         (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or technical
                journal of wide international circulation; or
        (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries and
                territories referred to in the Guidelines that are
                potential suppliers of the goods required."
    (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of the
Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require the
    bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely used in
    international trade and specified in the bidding documents."
    (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.  Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$1,500,000 each shall be awarded on the basis of:
    (a)   price quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
from at least two different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association, if procured by the
Borrower, its political subdivisions of state owned enterprises; and
    (b)   the normal procurement procedures of the purchaser of such goods,
acceptable to the Association, if procured by private entities.
3.  With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior to the
submission to the Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect of such contract, two conformed
copies of such contract, together with the analysis of the respective bids
and recommendations for award, a description of the advertising and
tendering procedures followed and such other information as the Association
shall reasonably request.
4.  With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior to the
submission to the Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such documentation and
information as the Association may reasonably request to support withdrawal
applications in respect of such contract.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 of this Schedule,
where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds of a
Special Account, the copies of such contract or the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions
of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 of this Schedule, as the case may be, shall
be furnished to the Association as part of the evidence required under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
6.  The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 shall not apply
to contracts on account of which the Association has authorized withdrawals
from the Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
                                SCHEDULE 4
                   Action Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
                      of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.  The Borrower has:
    (a)   completed a study on the reorganization of land tenure-related
public sector services and implemented the recommendations of said study in
a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Association; and
    (b)   furnished to the Association a program for future land
distribution in selected areas of the Senegal Valley and commenced
implementation of the recommendations of said program in accordance with a
time schedule acceptable to the Borrower and the Association.
Page  17
2.  SONADER has issued new guidelines for less costly and more viable
design, construction, and operation and maintenance of irrigation schemes.
3.  The Borrower has furnished to the Association a medium-term priority
investment program for irrigation development in the Borrower's territory
and an action plan for its implementation.
4.  SONADER has introduced water charges that fully cover operation and
maintenance costs in the large-scale irrigation areas.
5.  SONADER has been reorganized and its operating deficit has been
eliminated; the composition of SONADER's Board and SONADER's procurement
procedures have been revised in a manner acceptable to the Borrower and the
Association.
6.  MDRE has been reorganized, has strengthened the role of the Cellule in
a manner acceptable to the Association, and has furnished to the Association
the work program for 1990-1991 of said Cellule.
7.  The Borrower is current in its obligation pursuant to Section 3.06 (a)
(ii) of this Agreement.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                             Special Accounts
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case of the
Program Special Account, Category (6) set forth in the table in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and (ii) in the case of the Project
Special Account, Categories (1) through (5) of said table;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time
to the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount equivalent
to $2,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Program Special Account; and (ii) an amount equivalent to $500,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the Project Special
Account, both pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  Payments out of a Special Account shall be made exclusively for eligible
expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that a
Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized
Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish said Special Account
shall be made as follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit or deposits
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation for
the relevant Special Account. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the relevant Special Account such amount or amounts
as the Borrower shall have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of a Special Account, the Borrower shall
                furnish to the Association requests for deposits into the
                relevant Special Account at such intervals as the
                Association shall specify.
         (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Association the documents and other
                evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule
                for the payment or payments in respect of which
                replenishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                request, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
Page  18
                relevant Special Account such amount as the Borrower shall
                have requested and as shall have been shown by said
                documents and other evidence to have been paid out of said
                Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of a Special Account, the
Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request,
furnish to the Association such documents and other evidence showing that
such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the
Association shall not be required to make further deposits into a Special
Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Credit
Account in accordance with the provisions of  Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
    (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project or the Program, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn
amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on
deposit in said Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in an
amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was
not justified by the evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into said
Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the relevant Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made
such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in a Special Account will not be required to cover
further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, refund to the Association such outstanding
amount.
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund to the
Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in a Special Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6 (a), (b)
and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit Account for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
