Page  1
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                 UBD Project Agreement
(Agricultural Sector Adjustment and Investment Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
          UNION DES BANQUES DE DEVELOPPEMENT
                Dated February 26, 1990
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                 UBD PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 26, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and UNION DES BANQUES DE DEVELOPPEMENT (UBD).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Islamic Republic of Mauritania
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to nineteen million four
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 19,400,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development
Credit Agreement, but only on condition that UBD agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary grant agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and UBD, part of the proceeds
of the credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement will be made available to UBD on the terms and
conditions set forth in said UBD Subsidiary Grant
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS UBD, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
Page  2
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
     Execution of the Project and other Covenants
     Section 2.01. (a) UBD declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out Parts A.7 and C.3 of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and banking
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitations on the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, UBD shall:
          (i)  provide agricultural credit on the basis
               of the criteria and principal terms and
               conditions set forth or referred to in
               the Schedule to this Agreement; and
          (ii) exercise its rights in relation to each
               credit so provided in such a manner as to
               protect the interests of the Association
               and UBD and comply with its obligations
               under this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for Parts A.7 and C.3 of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3
to the Development Credit Agreement.
     Section 2.03. UBD shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the UBD Project Agreement and
Parts A.7 and C.3 of the Project.
     Section 2.04. UBD shall duly perform all its
obligations under the UBD Subsidiary Grant Agreement.
Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, UBD
shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the UBD Subsidiary Grant Agreement or any provision
thereof.
     Section 2.05. UBD shall:
     (a)  at the request of the Association, exchange
views with the Association with regard to the progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the UBD Subsidiary Grant
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit;
     (b)  promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by UBD of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the UBD
Subsidiary Grant Agreement;
     (c)  not later than March 31 of each year the
Project is carried out, prepare a report on its
Page  3
agricultural credit operations during the previous
calendar year including recommendations for any
improvements to be made;
     (d)  not later than April 30 of each year the
Project is carried out, discuss said report with the
Borrower and the Association; and
     (e)  promptly thereafter take all measures agreed
upon by UBD, the Borrower and the Association to improve
UBD's agricultural credit operations.
     Section 2.06. UBD shall enter into an agreement with
SONADER, acceptable to the Association, setting forth the
parties, respective obligations with regard to provision
of agricultural credit in the Project Area.
     Section 2.07. UBD shall refrain from supplying
equipment and inputs to farmers.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of UBD
     Section 3.01. UBD shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and banking practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in. adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. UBD shall at all times operate and
maintain its facilities, and from time to time, promptly
as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound banking practices.
     Section 3.03. UBD shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks, other than the risk of default under credit
provided by UBD, and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. UBD shall take appropriate security or
maintain provisions for bad debts at such levels as shall
be necessary to protect itself fully against risk of
default under credit provided by UBD.
     Section 3.05. Except as the Association and UBD
shall otherwise agree, UBD shall utilize all amounts
received in repayment of agricultural credit provided
under the Project to finance further private and
cooperative credit in the Project Area.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) UBD shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, and the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit to finance carrying out Parts A.7
and C.3 of the Project.
     (b)  UBD shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied by
Page  4
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records, accounts and financial
                    statements as well as the audit
                    thereof, as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of UBD thereunder shall terminate
on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify UBD of this event.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  5
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For UBD:
          Union des Banques de Developpement
          P.O. Box 219
          Nouakchott
          Islamic Republic of Mauritania
                                   Telex:
                                        564 or 840 MTN
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of UBD, or by
UBD on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by its
Director General or such other person or persons as UBD
shall designate in writing, and UBD shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               UNION DES BANQUES DE DEVELOPPEMENT
               By /s/ Abdellihi Ould Daddah
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
           Criteria and principal terms and
           conditions of agricultural credit
     For purposes of Section 2.01 (b) of this Agreement
and except as the Association and UBD may otherwise
agree, UBD shall provide agricultural credit in
conformity with the criteria and principal terms and
conditions set forth in this Schedule.
A.   Criteria
Page  6
1.   UBD shall finance goods and services required by
farmers,
small-scale fishermen and private investors (hereinafter
called the beneficiaries) to carry out activities related
to the development of the agricultural sector in the
Project Area.
2.   Short-term credit, provided by UBD and repayable
within twenty-four months, shall be provided for
agricultural inputs. Medium-term credit, repayable within
eight years, with a grace period of one year, shall be
provided for on-farm investment in farm equipment,
livestock, fishing boats and equipment and small agro-
industries.
3.   Credit shall be provided only after it has been
established, on the basis of a methodology determined by
UBD and satisfactory to the Association, that the
proposed beneficiary is creditworthy and the purpose for
which credit is requested is technically, financially and
economically feasible and environmentally sound.
B.   Principal terms and conditions of credit
1.   Credit shall be made upon financial terms and
conditions,
adequate to cover the expenses and financial costs of
UBD's operations.
2.   Credit shall be provided by UBD on terms whereby UBD
shall have obtained, by written contract or other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect its
interests, including that each beneficiary shall
undertake to:
     (a)  use credit exclusively for the purposes for
which it was provided by UBD;
     (b)  disclose to UBD all information concerning the
use of the credit;
     (c)  enable the representatives of the Association
and UBD to visit any facility and examine any item
financed by UBD; and
     (d)  ensure UBD's right to suspend or terminate the
right of a beneficiary to use credit upon failure of the
beneficiary to perform its obligations under its contract
or arrangement with UBD.
