Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                         UNCACEM Project Agreement
          (Agricultural Sector Adjustment and Investment Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
               UNION DES COOPERATIVES AGRICOLES DE CREDIT ET
                     D'EPARGNE DE MAURITANIE (UNCACEM)
                           Dated April 26, 1994
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2093 MAU
                         UNCACEM PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 26, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and UNION DES COOPERATIVES AGRICOLES DE CREDIT
ET D'EPARGNE DE MAURITANIE (UNCACEM).
      WHEREAS (A) by a Development Credit Agreement (Agricultural Sector
Adjustment and Investment Project), signed on February 26, 1990, between the
Islamic Republic of Mauritania (the Borrower) and the Association, (Credit
No. 2093-MAU) (the Development Credit Agreement) as amended through a first
exchange of letters dated September 11, 1992 and October 19, 1992; a further
exchange of letters dated July 6, 1993 and August 5, 1993; and a third
agreement of even date herewith (the Third Amendment), amending and
restating the Development Credit Agreement, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to nineteen million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
19,400,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that Union des Banques de Developpement
(UBD), UNCACEM's predecessor in the field of agricultural credit, agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as had been set forth in
its respective Project Agreement; and
Page  2
      (B)   by a Subsidiary Loan Agreement referring to agricultural credit,
entered into between the Borrower and UNCACEM on August 12, 1993, part of
the proceeds of the Credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement will be made available to UNCACEM on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS UNCACEM, in consideration of the Association's having entered
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement
and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project and other Covenants
      Section 2.01. (a) UNCACEM declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out      Part A.7 of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, and banking practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section, UNCACEM shall:
            (i)   provide agricultural credit on the basis of the criteria
                  and principal terms and conditions set forth or referred
                  to in the Schedule to this Agreement; and
           (ii)   exercise its rights in relation to each credit so
                  provided in such a manner as to protect the interests of
                  the Association and UNCACEM and comply with its
                  obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services, required for Part
A.7 of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit,
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. UNCACEM shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the UNCACEM Project Agreement and Part A.7 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. UNCACEM shall duly perform all its obligations under the
UNCACEM Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, UNCACEM shall not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the UNCACEM Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. UNCACEM shall:
      (a)   at the request of the Association, exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of Part A.7 of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under the UNCACEM
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit;
      (b)   promptly inform the Association of any condition which
Page  3
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by UNCACEM
of its obligations under this Agreement and under the UNCACEM Subsidiary
Loan Agreement;
      (c)   not later than March 31 of each year during which Part A.7 of
the Project is carried out, prepare a report on its agricultural credit
operations during the previous calendar year including recommendations for
any improvements to be made;
      (d)   not later than April 30 of each year during which Part  A.7 of
the Project is carried out, discuss said reports with the Borrower and the
Association; and
      (e)   promptly thereafter take all measures agreed upon by UNCACEM,
the Borrower and the Association to improve UNCACEM's agricultural credit
operations.
      Section 2.06. UNCACEM shall not supply equipment and inputs to
farmers.
                                ARTICLE III
                   Management and Operations of UNCACEM
      Section 3.01. UNCACEM shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and banking
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. UNCACEM shall at all times operate and maintain its
facility, equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance
with sound banking practices.
      Section 3.03. UNCACEM shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks, other than the risk of default under credit
provided by UNCACEM, and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. UNCACEM shall take appropriate security or maintain
provisions for bad debts at such levels as shall be necessary to protect
itself fully against risk of default under credit provided by UNCACEM.
      Section 3.05. Except as the Association and UNCACEM shall otherwise
agree, UNCACEM shall utilize all amounts received in repayment of
agricultural credit provided under the Project to finance further private
and cooperative credit in the Project Area.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) UNCACEM shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition, and the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit to finance the carrying out of Part A.7 of the Project.
      (b)   UNCACEM shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited; and (B) the
Page  4
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements, as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Third Amendment to the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of UNCACEM thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
           (ii)   the date 12 years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify UNCACEM of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For UNCACEM:
            Union des Cooperatives Agricoles de
              Credit et d'Epargne de Mauritanie
            P.O. Box 5635
            Nouakchott
            Islamic Republic of Mauritania
Page  5
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed under this Agreement on behalf
of UNCACEM, or by UNCACEM on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by its Director General or such
other person or persons as UNCACEM shall designate in writing, and UNCACEM
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  UNION DES COOPERATIVES AGRICOLES DE CREDIT
                    ET D'EPARGNE DE MAURITANIE
                  By /s/ Mohamed Fall Ainina
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                     Criteria and principal terms and
                     conditions of agricultural credit
      For purposes of Section 2.01 (b) of this Agreement and, except as the
Association and UNCACEM may otherwise agree, UNCACEM shall provide
agricultural credit in conformity with the criteria and principal terms and
conditions set forth in this Schedule.
A.    Criteria
1.    UNCACEM shall refinance agricultural credit cooperatives, active in
the Project Area and acceptable to the Association, (the Recipient) for
credits granted to finance goods and services required by farmers, small-
scale fishermen and private investors (hereinafter called the beneficiaries)
to carry out activities related to the development of the agricultural
sector in the Project Area.
2.    Refinancing shall be provided: (a) as short term credit, repayable
within twelve months, for agricultural imports; and (b) as medium term
credit, repayable within eight years with a grace period of one year, for
on-farm investment in farm equipment, livestock, fishing boats and equipment
and small agro-industries.
3.    Refinancing shall be provided by UNCACEM only after the Recipient has
agreed to abide by the provision of:
      (a)   Article IV of this Agreement, giving UNCACEM the same rights as
the Association; and
      (b)   Section 2.03 of this Agreement, mutatis mutandis.
Page  6
4.    Refinancing shall be provided only after it has been established, on
the basis of a methodology determined by UNCACEM in common accord with the
Recipient and satisfactory to the Association, that the proposed beneficiary
is creditworthy and the purpose for which credit is requested is
technically, financially and economically feasible and environmentally
sound.
B.    Principal terms and conditions of credit
1.    Refinancing shall be provided and credit shall be extended to
beneficiaries under financial terms and conditions adequate to cover the
expenses and financial costs of UNCACEM's and the Recipient's operations,
respectively.
2.    Refinancing shall be provided by UNCACEM on terms whereby UNCACEM
shall have obtained, by written contract or other appropriate legal means,
rights adequate to protect its interests, including assurances by the
Recipient that each beneficiary shall undertake to:
      (a)   use credit exclusively for the purposes for which it was
provided by the Recipient;
      (b)   disclose to the Recipient all information concerning the use of
the credit;
      (c)   enable the representatives of the Association, UNCACEM and the
Recipient to visit any facility and examine any item financed by the
Recipient and refinanced by UNCACEM; and
      (d)   ensure the Recipient's right to suspend or terminate the right
of a beneficiary to use credit upon failure of the beneficiary to perform
its obligations under its contract or arrangement with the Recipient.
