Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3063 ZIM
                   Project Agreement
  (Agricultural Credit and Export Promotion Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
           AGRICULTURAL FINANCE CORPORATION
                Dated January 31, 1990
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3063 ZIM
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 31, 1990, between the
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and AGRICULTURAL FINANCE CORPORATION (AFC).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Zimbabwe (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to lend to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to thirty-six million three
hundred thousand dollars ($36,300,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that AFC agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and AFC, part of the proceeds
of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to AFC on terms and conditions set forth
in said subsidiary loan agreement; and
     WHEREAS AFC, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
Page  2
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth, and the term "Statement of Policy" means the
statement as adopted and approved by the Board of
Directors of AFC on October 19, 1981, as the same may be
amended from time to time.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project;
           Management and Operations of AFC
     Section 2.01. AFC declares its commitment to the
objectives of Parts A, B and C of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement and, to this
end, shall carry out Parts A, B and C of the Project and
conduct its operations and affairs, in accordance with
sound financial standards and practices, with qualified
and experienced management and in accordance with the AFC
Act and its Statement of Policy.
     Section 2.02. (a) AFC undertakes that, unless the
Bank shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans (except those under
Part C of the Project) will be made in accordance with
the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth
or referred to in Schedule I to this Agreement.
     (b)  AFC undertakes that, unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, AFC shall carry out Part C of the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and apply the
eligibility criteria and terms and conditions set forth
therein.
     (c)  AFC shall exercise its rights in relation to
each Subloan in such manner as to: (i) protect the
interests of the Bank and of AFC; (ii) comply with its
obligations under this Agreement and the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of Parts A, B
and C of the Project.
     (d)  AFC undertakes that, unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, all Sub-loans will be made on terms
whereby AFC shall obtain, by written agreement with the
Sub-borrower or by other appropriate legal means, rights
adequate to protect the interest of the Borrower, the
Bank and of AFC, including in the case of any such Sub-
loan: (i) the right to require the Sub-borrower to carry
out the purposes of each Sub-loan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with agricultural standards
and to maintain,. as appropriate, adequate records; (ii)
the right to require that the goods to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Sub-loan be used exclusively for the
purposes for which the Sub-loan was obtained; (iii) the
right of the Bank and of AFC to inspect the farms of Sub-
borrowers and any relevant records or documents main-
tained; (iv) the right to obtain all such information as
the Bank or AFC shall reasonably request relating to the
foregoing; and (v) the right of AFC to suspend or
terminate the right of the Sub-borrower to the use of the
proceeds of the Sub-loan upon failure by such Sub-
Page  3
borrower to perform his obligations under his agreement
with AFC.
     (e)  AFC shall exercise its rights in relation to
each Subloan in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower, the Bank and of AFC.
     Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for Parts A, B and C of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.04. AFC shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) in respect
of the AFC Project Agreement and Parts A, B and C of the
Project.
     Section 2.05. AFC shall duly perform all its
obligations under the AFC Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, AFC shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the AFC
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.06. (a) AFC shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to the
progress of Parts A, B and C of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the AFC Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  AFC shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Parts A, B and C of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by AFC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the AFC Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.07. AFC shall furnish to the Bank for its
review and comments, preliminary and final reports by the
dates set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement of its
studies on: (i) AFC staff compensation policy; (ii) the
restructuring of AFC; (iii) training of AFC staff; (iv)
the management of its Loan portfolio; and (v) monitoring,
evaluation, and management information system financed by
the European Economic Community, and AFC shall implement
appropriate recommendations thereof, having due regard to
any comments made by the Bank.
                      Article III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) AFC shall maintain procedures and
records adequate to monitor and record the progress of
Parts A, B and C of the Project and each Sub-loan
(including its cost and the benefits to be derived from
it) and to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and
financial condition of AFC.
     (b)  AFC shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year, in-
Page  4
               cluding those for Special Account A,
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank, as soon as available
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited,
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements as
               well as the audit thereof as the
               Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, AFC shall:
          (i)  maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 3.02. AFC shall take such steps satisfactory
to the Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself
against risk of loss resulting from changes in the rates
of exchange between the various currencies (including
Zimbabwe Dollars) used in its operations.
     Section 3.03. AFC shall take all action that is
necessary to implement its action plan designed to reduce
arrears so that arrears relative to total outstanding
portfolio amount to no more than 35% during its 1989/90
Fiscal Year, 25% during its 1990/91 Fiscal Year and 15%
for each subsequent Fiscal Year.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effective Date; Termination
              Cancellation and Suspension
Page  5
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Bank and of AFC thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Loan Agreement
               shall terminate; or
          (ii) a date 15 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Loan Agreement terminates before the
date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Bank shall promptly notify AFC of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other addresses as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For AFC:
          Agricultural Finance Corporation
          P.O. Box 369
          Harare
          Zimbabwe
          Cable address:                Telex:
               AGFIN                    AGFIN 24373 ZW
               Harare
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any documents required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of AFC or by AFC
on behalf of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may
be taken or executed by its General Manager, or by such
Page  6
other person or persons as AFC shall designate in
writing, and AFC shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Paul Isenman
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               AGRICULTURAL FINANCE CORPORATION
               By /s/ S. G. Chigwedere
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
    Evaluation Procedures and Terms and Conditions
       of Sub-Loans under Part A of the Project
1.   In order to improve its Loan evaluation procedures,
AFC beginning from the Effective Date shall, using
technical co-efficients provided by the Department of
Agricultural Technical and Extension Services in MLARR
and taking into account any significant agro-climatic
variations in natural regions:
     (a)  base loan evaluation for seasonal Sub-loans on
a typical crop or farm budget showing cost/benefit
ratios, gross margins and return on labor;
     (b)  grant seasonal Sub-loans only in cases where
gross margin is adequate to cover Sub-loan repayments and
leave attractive returns to labor;
     (c)  (i) base evaluation of Sub-loans not exceeding
the equivalent of $100,000 on a typical farm model
showing the financial rates of return and projected cash
flows; (ii) base evaluation of Sub-loans exceeding the
equivalent of $100,000 on appraisal of each loan, with
calculation of financial and economic rates of return and
projected cash flow; and (iii) grant Sub-loans only if
the financial and economic rates of return are at least
13%;
     (d)  limit the amount of any Sub-loan to any single
borrower to a maximum of the equivalent of $250,000; and
     (e)  issue separate stop order to each marketing
agency only for the part of the Sub-loan applying to the
crop handled by each such agency.
Page  7
                      SCHEDULE 2
                 Part C of the Project
1.   AFC shall be primarily responsible for implementing
Part C of the Project and to that end, shall assume,
inter alia, the coordination of the activities of
participating institutions included in the Scheme, the
institution of an appropriate management structure for
implementing the Scheme and procedures and terms and
conditions under which Sub-loans may be made under the
Scheme.
2.   In order to assist AFC in the implementation of the
said Part C of the Project, AFC shall:
     (a)  establish Coordination Committees, at the
Provisional and District levels, as appropriate, which
shall include a senior official of AFC (the Group Lending
Coordinator referred to in paragraph (b) below) and
representatives of MLARR, the Borrower's Ministries of
Community and Cooperative Development and Women's
Affairs, Local Government and Rural and Urban
Development, the National Farmers Association of Zimbabwe
and the Association of Non-Governmental Organizations,
such Committees to advise AFC on matters relating to Part
C of the Project and in particular to recommend to AFC
applications to be considered for the grant of Sub-loans
by AFC;
     (b)  establish a Group Lending Operation Unit within
its organization to be headed by a Group Lending
Coordinator who shall be a senior official of AFC and who
shall be assisted by an adequate number of support staff
to manage the Scheme;
     (c)  assign a loan supervisor for each district to
be covered by the Scheme referred to in Part C of the
Project to supervise group credit activities in each such
district; and
     (d)  cause its Staff Training Unit to organize
appropriate training programs for group leaders and
members' participating in the Scheme.
3.   AFC shall institute appropriate procedures for the
receipt of loan applications under Part C of the Project
and the following eligibility criteria, terms and
conditions shall be applicable to Sub-loans made pursuant
to Part C of the Project:
A.   As conditions for participating in the Pilot Scheme,
the group must:
     (a)  have, as its members, not more than 50 small
farmers engaged primarily in farming activities in or
within the vicinity of the group's village in order to
ensure maximum cohesion among the members;
     (b)  establish that the majority of its members are
willing to participate in the Pilot Scheme and to borrow
from AFC on terms and conditions applying thereto;
     (c)  organize itself on the principles of joint and
several liability and equal treatment to all members
irrespective of gender;
     (d)  have, as its objective, the intention to
operate on a long-term basis, and to undertake input
supply and produce marketing functions for its members,
in addition to credit services;
Page  8
     (e)  establish itself in accordance with the
provisions of applicable legislation in Zimbabwe but at
least with the Village Development Committee/Ward
Development Committee;
     (f)  elect an administrative committee consisting of
at least a chairperson, a secretary, and a treasurer,
from among its members who are capable of guiding
financial and business operations of the group in a sound
manner, and maintaining financial discipline among the
members; and willing to participate in the training
program under the scheme;
     (g)  establish and maintain simple accounting
records;
     (h)  assign its office bearers to attend appropriate
training
programs organized in the territory of the Borrower;
     (i)  undertake to encourage its members to generate
their own resources through membership fee and savings;
and
     (j)  establish and maintain a savings account with
a lawful financial institution, in order to deposit its
income on loan operations and other revenues, as well as
savings generated from its members.
B.   To qualify for loans from AFC, a group shall be
required to:
     (a)  have paid 100% of the loans granted to the
group, except for defaults caused by force majeure as
determined by the Board of AFC;
     (b)  provide evidence that appropriate actions are
being taken against willfull defaulters;
     (c)  ensure, through the group leaders, that credit
is used for the intended purposes;
     (d)  maintain sound accounts for each individual
members;
     (e)  lend to members at rates of interest which are
not more
than AFC charges to individuals directly borrowing from
AFC;
     (f)  use the spread allowed to it under paragraph
(e) only for administrative costs and the creation of a
reserve fund, to be maintained with reputable financial
institutions;
     (g)  authorize AFC to register a stop-order for the
purpose of loan repayment;
     (h)  not approve new loans for any member, or
his/her dependent, in default beyond four weeks after the
due repayment date for loans borrowed from the group or
directly from AFC;
     (i)  establish and implement a system of written
agreements to be signed by member-borrowers specifying
terms and conditions of loans, including a joint and
several liability clause; and
     (j)  provide that group loans would be joint and
several liabilities of members of the group.
Page  9
C.   The interest rate applicable to Sub-loans made by
AFC to be channelled through groups shall be less than
AFC's normal lending rate to individual sub-borrowers.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
A.   Sub-loans under Parts A and C,l of the Project
1.   Goods to be financed out of the proceeds of Sub-
loans shall be purchased at a reasonable price on a basis
of comparison of price quotations normally from a list of
at least three suppliers eligible under the "Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
B.   Procurement of Goods and Works under Parts B and
     C.2 of the Project
Part Q:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part Y hereof, goods
(vehicles, machinery and equipment) shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the Guidelines.
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall
be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more each.
Part X:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part Q.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Zimbabwe may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part Y:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Civil works contracts may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Machinery and equipment which cannot be bulked in
bidding packages estimated to cost more than $100,000
equivalent may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of local competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   Vehicles which cannot be grouped together in bidding
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
more each may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of local competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part Z:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $500,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of Special Account A, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Bank
Page  10
pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of
Special Account A in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of Special Account A, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c)(ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
                      SCHEDULE 4
             Dates for Submitting Reports
         under Section 2.07 of this Agreement
                    Preliminary               Final
     Studies          Reports                Reports
AFC Staff Training
  Program             June 30, 1990       December 31, 1990
Restructuring of AFC  July 31, 1990       April 30, 1991
Loan Portfolio
  Management          September 30, 1989  January 31, 1990
Management
  Information System  March 31, 1990      December 31, 1990
Monitoring and
   Evaluation System  June 30, 1990       September 30, 1990
Staff Compensation    April 30, 1991      August 31, 1991
