Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2049 KE
             Development Credit Agreement
         (Financial Sector Adjustment Credit)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated July 12, 1989
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2049 KE
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 12, 1989, between REPUBLIC OF
KENYA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter
dated April 28, 1989, from the Borrower describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
achieve structural adjustment of the Borrower's financial
sector (hereinafter called the Program), declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting from the Association, assistance in the
financing of urgently needed imports and services
required during such execution; and
     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to
provide such assistance to the Borrower by making the
Credit in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth
below (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement:
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to
read:
          "'Project' means the imports and other
     activities that may be financed out of the proceeds
     of the Credit pursuant to the provisions of
     Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.";
     (b)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Borrower and the
     Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
     to the Association a report, of such scope and in
     such detail as the Association shall reasonably
     request, on the execution of the Program referred
     to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
     Association of their respective obligations under
     the Development Credit Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
     (c)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by
the United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No.
34/Rev. 3 (1986);
     (b)  "Ksh" and "Kenya Shilling" mean the currency of
the Borrower;
     (c)  "NBFI" means the near-bank financial
institutions;
     (d)  "NSE" means the Nairobi Stock Exchange;
     (e)  "Fiscal Year" means the period from July 1 to
June 30;
     (f)  "Special Project Preparation Advance" means the
project
preparation advance granted by the Bank to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters, dated February 5,
1988, and February 12, 1988, between the Borrower and the
Bank from the Special Project Preparation Facility for
Sub-Sahara Africa created by the Executive Directors on
January 8, 1985; and
     (g)  "Special Account" means the accounts referred
to in Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and (-conditions set forth or
Page  3
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to ninety two million nine hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 92,900,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to the Bank an amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Special
Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as
of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Special Project Preparation Advance shall therefore be
cancelled.
     (c)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Program open and maintain in dollars two Special Accounts
(the Import Special Account and the Restructuring Special
Account) in a commercial bank on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into and
payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September
30, 1991, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from a
date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter
pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June
30 in each year shall be applied as of the next payment
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section,
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
Page  4
shall be payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
March 1 and September 1 commencing September 1, 1999, and
ending March 1, 2024. Each installment to and including
the installment payable on March 1, 2009, shall be one
and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount,
and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association
shall from time to time and at least semiannually, at the
request of either party, exchange views on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association for its review
and comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying
out the Program, in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall take appropriate
measures to ensure that the Kenya Shillings generated by
the sale of foreign exchange allocated to Category 2 in
Page  5
the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement shall be deposited into a separate account
which shall be opened in the name of the Deposit
Protection Fund and be used by the Deposit Protection
Fund for restructuring financial institutions under
action programs acceptable to the Association.
     Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including the Special Accounts for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles con-
               sistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association such
                    other information concerning said
                    records and accounts and the audit
                    thereof as the Association shall
                    from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit report
               for the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Association's
                    representatives to examine such
                    records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
Page  6
                      ARTICLE IV
            Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that a situation has arisen which
shall make it improbable that the Program, or a
significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                       ARTICLE V
                      Termination
     Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. The minister at the time responsible
for finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 30007
          Nairobi
          Kenya
          Cable address:           Telex:
               FINANCE                  22921 MINFIN-KE
               Nairobi                  22003
                                        FOREIGN Nairobi
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF KENYA
               By /s/ D. D. Afande
                              Authorized Representative
Page  7
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of such proceeds to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so
to be financed in each Category.
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Goods to be     61,546,000       100% of foreign
   imported subject                     expenditures
   to conditions
   under paragraph 4
   below
(2)    Goods to be     30,967,000       100% of foreign
   imported subject                     expenditures
   to conditions
   under paragraph 5
   below
(3)    Refunding of       387,000       Amount due pur-
   Special Project                      suant to Section
   Preparation                          2.02 (b) of this
   Advance                              Agreement
       TOTAL           92,900,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
groups or sub-groups under future revisions to the SITC,
as designated by the Association by notice to the
Borrower:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112            -         Alcoholic beverages
     121            -         Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                              tobacco refuse
     122            -         Tobacco, manufactured
                              (whether or not con-
                              taining tobacco sub-
                              stitutes)
Page  8
     525            -         Radioactive and
                              associated materials
     667            -         Pearls, precious and
                              semi-precious stones,
                              unworked or worked
     718       718.7               Nuclear reactors,
                                   and parts thereof,
                                   fuel elements
                                   (cartridges), non-
                                   irradiated for
                                   nuclear reactors
     897       897.3               Jewelry of gold,
                                   silver or platinum
                                   group metals (except
                                   watches and watch
                                   cases) and
                                   goldsmiths' or
                                   silversmiths' wares
                                   (including set gems)
     971       -              Gold, non-monetary
                              (excluding gold ores and
                              concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or
for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower;
     (c)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;
     (d)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $5,000 equivalent;
     (e)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Association shall
have financed or agreed to finance;
     (f)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
     (g)  expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
equivalent to SDR 18,000,000 for petroleum products.
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be
entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit allocated to Category (1) in
the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn
from that Category and the total amount of such commit-
ments shall have reached the equivalent of SDR
30,000,000, unless the Association shall be satisfied,
after an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01
of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the
Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; and (b) that
the actions described in Schedule 3 to this Agreement
have been taken and are satisfactory to the Association.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above:
(a) no withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit allocated to Category (2) in
the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule
unless the Association shall be satisfied with evidence
Page  9
submitted by the Borrower showing that (i): the Deposit
Protection Fund has paid protected depositors; and/or
(ii) has made new loans or made equity contributions to
troubled financial institutions in accordance with an
action program acceptable to the Association; and (iii)
the account referred to in Section 3.03 of this Agreement
has been opened;
     (b)  No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment
shall be entered into to pay amounts to on the order of
the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated to Category
(2) in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this
Schedule after the aggregate of the proceeds of the
Credit withdrawn from said Category and the total amount
of such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of
SDR 23,000,000 unless the Association shall be satisfied
that: (i) the conditions referred to in paragraph 5 (a)
above have been fulfilled. and (ii) the Borrower has
issued regulations allowing interest rates to be market-
determined.
6.   If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraph 4 above, the Association shall have given
notice to the Borrower that the progress achieved and
actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90 days
after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved
progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Associa-
tion, then the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to Category 1 in the table set forth in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule or any part thereof.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                      Procurement
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $3,500,000 or more each shall be
awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Forum, Business
               Edition; or
          (ii) an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               international circulation; or
          (iii)     a notice to local representatives of
                    countries and territories referred
                    to in the Guidelines, that are
Page  10
                    potential suppliers of the goods
                    required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of
the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price in a
     single currency widely used in international trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $3,500,000 each shall be awarded on the
basis of the normal procurement procedures of the
purchaser of such goods. Such procedures shall be
satisfactory to the Association.
3.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together
with the analysis of the respective bids and
recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such
other information as the Association shall reasonably
request.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may
reasonably request to support withdrawal applications in
respect of such contract.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Schedule, where payments under a contract are
to be made out of the proceeds of the Special Accounts,
the copies of such contract or the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 of this
Schedule, as the case may be, shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence required under para-
graph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
6.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 3, 4 and
5 shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
                      SCHEDULE 3
        Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
            of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
     The Borrower has:
          (i)  submitted to the Association evidence
               showing satisfactory performance in
               Fiscal Year 1989/90 against agreed
               targets for the budget deficits and
               levels of domestic financing contained in
               the Program;
          (ii) submitted to the Association for approval
Page  11
               budgetary targets for Fiscal Year 1990/91
               as contained in the Program;
          (iii)     through the Central Bank of Kenya
                    issued regulations linking capital
                    adequacy for all financial
                    institutions to assets (net of
                    provisions, depreciations and write-
                    offs).
          (iv) submitted to the Association, action
               programs, satisfactory to the
               Association, for the restructuring or
               strengthening of marginal institutions;
          (v)  submitted to the Association for approval
               reform measures for the taxation of
               financial instruments;
          (vi) taken steps, satisfactory to the
               Association, for the implementation of
               investor protection measures; and
          (vii)     carried out a review of the use of
                    generalized monetary policy
                    instruments and agree with the
                    Association on appropriate steps to
                    establish a more market-driven
                    interest rate structure while
                    maintaining savings deposit rates
                    which are positive in real terms.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                   Special Accounts
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Category
1 (for the Import Special Account) and Category 2 (for
the Restructuring Special Account) set forth in the table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the
eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement provided, however, that
disbursements out of Category (2) are subject to
fulfillment of the conditions of disbursements set forth
in paragraph 5 (a) of Schedule 1; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $10,000,000 for the Import Special
Account and $5,000,000 for the Restructuring Special
Account to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph
3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Accounts have been
duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Accounts
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
Page  12
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the respective Special Account
such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the respective
               Special Account, the Borrower shall
               furnish to the Association requests for
               deposits into that Special Account at
               such intervals as the Association shall
               specify.
          (ii) Prior to, or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the respective Special
               Account such amount as the Borrower shall
               have requested and as shall have been
               shown by said documents and other
               evidence to have been made out of the
               Special Account for eligible
               expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Category, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Accounts:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
Page  13
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i)
was made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the
respective Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the Special Accounts shall be made until the
Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit
or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the respective
Special Account will not be required to cover further
payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Accounts.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
