Report No. PID10301
Project Name                     Burundi-HIV/AIDS
Region                           Africa Regional Office
Sector                           HIV/AIDS; Non-Sector Specific
Project ID                       BIPE71371
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF BURUNDI
Implementing Agency
Address NATIONAL AIDS COMMISSION
B.P.3424
Contact Person: Dr. Joseph Wakana
Tel: 257 22 3094
Fax: 257 22 4422
Email: Pnls@Cni.Cbinf.Com
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                April 18, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         July 15, 2001
Projected Board Date             October 30, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Current organization and activities on HIV/AIDS control in Burundi The
Government of Burundi has recently formed (formal announcement expected)
the National AIDS Commission (CNLS), which is under the office of the
President, to lead a multisectoral effort to control HIV/AIDS in the
country. Before the National AIDS Commission was formed, the National
AIDS Control Program (PNLS) under the Ministry of Health was the technical
and policy structure created to respond to the HIV/AIDS challenge in the
country. A UNAIDS Theme Group, is also in place in the country, and has a
technical arm which meets monthly and includes representatives from
Government, multilateral, bilateral and NGO organizations.Role of NGOsA
number of NGOs work in Burundi on HIV/AIDS. Key areas of NGO activity in
Burundi include: Information Education and Communication (IEC), HIV/AIDS
counseling, psycho-social and material support, especially to orphans and
widows and medical assistance to people living with HIV/AIDS and their
families. An encouraging development in Burundi has been the formation of
NGOs led by People Living With AIDS (PLWA). These NGOs have a critical
role to play in the implementation of activities aimed at HIV/AIDS
prevention and care in Burundi, and the Government of Burundi recognizes
this role. Religious organizations, amongst the wider NGO community, are
involved in the care, support and treatment of people affected by
HIV/AIDS. The Government of Burundi is working with all these
organizations in the effort to control HIV/AIDS in a multisectoral
approach. Government strategic planIn 1999, a national HIV/AIDS strategic
plan for the period 1999-2003 was produced. This plan has formed the basis
for the current process of producing a strategic framework to strengthen
the multisectoral implementation, and mobilization of resources for,
HIV/AIDS prevention, care and support in Burundi. The production of the
strategic framework is being finalized and has been conducted in a
participatory manner with the input of all stakeholders, including people
living with HIV/AIDS, religious leaders, civil society organizations, and



donors. Care, support and monitoring servicesA number of services have
been initiated to respond to the need for care and support of those
infected with HIV/AIDS and to monitor the epidemic. Some of the notable
services, include:the formation of a project (GIPA) to involve people
living with HIV/AIDS in national and community AIDS prevention and care
activities;the provision of voluntary HIV/AIDS counseling and testing
services; the provision of facilities for screening blood supplies; the
promotion of the use of condoms in the country;the use of anti-retroviral
drugs for the management of HIV/AIDS in Burundi, which is currently
limited to   those people in the population (extremely few) who can afford
the service;sentinel surveillance centers based in ante-natal clinics; the
piloting of prevention of mother to child transmission (MTCT) of HIV;the
implementation of the syndromic approach to the treatment of sexually
transmitted infections;the introduction of home care for people living
with HIV/AIDS;the formation of HIV/AIDS teams in line ministries and
parastatal enterprises, to promote the prevention of HIV/AIDS and social
support of people affected by HIV/AIDS; andthe formation of community
HIV/AIDS teams to promote HIV/AIDS prevention, care and support in the
community.Significant gaps in the AIDS control activities in Burundi IEC
activities in the country are weak and fragmented.Effort and resources
directed at the treatment of sexually transmitted infections are
insufficient. Facilities and drugs for treatment of opportunistic
infections are inadequate.Condom use is still low because of, among
others, inadequate social marketing .Home-based (community) care for
people with AIDS is poorly developed. Social support for orphans and
people affected by HIV/AIDS is grossly inadequate.Voluntary Counseling and
Testing (VCT) services are still scarce outside the capital city.NGOs
(especially the local ones) working on HIV/AIDS are insufficiently funded
and organized. HIV/AIDS activities have not yet been mainstreamed in many
government ministries and enterprises. Insufficient resources are
allocated to the prevention of mother to child transmission (MTCT) of
HIV/AIDS. Anti-retroviral treatment of people with HIV/AIDS is limited to
people who can afford the treatment and a big gap exists between those who
can benefit from this type of treatment and those who can afford to pay
for it. Existing HIV/AIDS prevention and care services have not been
sufficiently decentralized, in order to cater for residents outside the
capital city and major urban areas.The Government of Burundi has requested
access to IDA resources within the framework of the Multi-Country HIV/AIDS
Program (MAP) for the Africa Region approved by the Board of Directors of
the World Bank Group on September 12, 2000. Burundi is eligible for MAP
funding in that it has satisfied the four MAP criteria:a) Satisfactory
evidence of a strategic approach to HIV/AIDS. Burundi already has a
coherent national, multisectoral strategy and action plan for HIV/AIDS
prevention, care and treatment that has been developed through a
participatory approach;b) A high level HIV/AIDS coordinating body. Burundi
has created the Burundi AIDS Commission, which is directly under the
Office of the President, with broad representation of key stakeholders
from all sectors, to oversee and coordinate the implementation of the
National Strategic Framework;c) Government agreement to use appropriate
implementation arrangements.Government has agreed to accelerate project
implementation by channeling funds directly to civil society
organizations, communities and decentralized sub-national levels of
project implementation.d) Government agreement to use and fund multiple
implementation agencies.Government has agreed within the public sector to
expand HIV/AIDS activities to a broad range of ministries, departments and
-2 -



parastatals, as well as to fund activities undertaken by the private
sector, the civil society organizations including non-government and
community-based organizations, and AIDS service providers. Government has
agreed to further expand HIV/AIDS activities to community level and to
support community-led HIV/AIDS initiatives.
2. Objectives
The project will support the goals of the Government of Burundi's National
Strategic Framework for HIV/AIDS, which aims to reduce the spread of HIV
infection in the general population of Burundi and to help local
communities cope with the impact of the pandemic. The Strategic Framework
for HIV/AIDS in Burundi proposes to attain these goals by financing a
multi-sector response including all line ministries, civil society and the
communities.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The Bank has the unique position of being able to give support to a
country in more than one sector, and having identified HIV/AIDS as a
development issue, is well positioned to support Burundi in a
multisectoral war-like effort to control HIV/AIDS, as envisaged in the MAP
approach. The IDA Africa regional HIV/AIDS line of credit, against which
the present project will be drawn, gives the unique opportunity for
Burundi to give a speedy and enhanced response to HIV/AIDS, which is an
urgent development challenge.
4. Description
The project, under the regional Multi-Country AIDS Program for Africa,
will finance HIV/AIDS activities for the period 2001-2006. It will have
the following four components:1. National level HIV/AIDS initiatives2.
Intermediate level HIV/AIDS initiatives3. Decentralized community-led
HIV/AIDS initiatives4. Project coordination and managementThe project will
scale up the existing HIV/AIDS Control Program by mainstreaming program
activities into line ministries and other non-health sector agencies at
national and provincial levels and by harnessing the capacity of
communities, civil society organizations, including associations of people
living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA), religious organizations, Non Government
Organizations (NGOs), Community based organizations, Associations, private
sector organizations, traditional healers, women's organizations, youth
organizations and labor unions. Activities to be supported by the project
will be co-ordinated by the Burundi AIDS Commission. Implementation of the
activities will be at different organizational levels including
implementation by line ministries, provinces, community-led and civil
society organizations, and private sector organizations. Sub-contracting
by ministries and provinces will be encouraged in order to make the best
use of the implementation capacity of civil society organizations and the
private sector. Activites to be supported will include: a) health
promotion activities targeted at behavior change to reduce the
transmission of HIV; b) diagnosis, treatment, care and support to
mitigate the impact of HIV/AIDSc) Operational research, surveillance,
monitoring and evaluation, to strengthen national and local capacity to
respond to the HIV/AIDS epidemic.Project component 1: National level
HIV/AIDS initiativesUnder this component, the project will support
HIV/AIDS control activities coordinated at National level and will include
the HIV/AIDS activities of different line ministries or central government
agencies, or contracted out to civil society organizations or the private
-3 -



sector. National level civil society organizations will also be supported
directly through this component. As part of the multisectoral approach to
HIV/AIDS, every Government ministry, including the respective ministry's
commune level representative authority, will be expected to have, as a
minimum, a mechanism for HIV/AIDS IEC for its employees and an HIV/AIDS
social support network. Ministries with no HIV/AIDS strategic and action
plans, will be assisted by the project to draft these documents during the
first year of project implementation. Each line Ministry work plan will
include HIV/AIDS prevention and mitigation activities for its staff, and
in particular, measures to control HIV/AIDS in the work place. Many of
these activities will be contracted at national level but will be carried
out at provincial or even community level. For example, diagnostic kits
and pharmaceuticals will be financed under this component but will mostly
benefit provincial and commune based health services.Specific sectoral
Ministry HIV/AIDS activities are as follows:Ministry of Transport, Posts
and TelecommunicationsProvision of HIV/AIDS IEC among commercial vehicle
drivers, and among the employees of the Ministry.Promotion of the use of
condoms among commercial vehicle drivers, and among the employees of the
Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for commercial
vehicle drivers and for employees of the Ministry. Ministry of National
Defense Training of women and men of the armed forces as agents for
HIV/AIDS IEC in the armed forces, and in surrounding civilian
populations, where appropriate.Promotion of the use of condoms among the
armed forces, and the surrounding civilian populations.Creation of an
HIV/AIDS social support network among women and men of the armed
forces.Implementation of a targeted program for the syndromic treatment
of sexually transmitted infections among the armed forces.Ministry of
Social Development and Women's PromotionPromotion of HIV/AIDS IEC among
women and men in the general public and among employees of the
Ministry.Provision of support to women's HIV/AIDS social support networks
and HIV/AIDS social networks of the Ministry.Formulation and
implementation of national policies to protect women and children from
HIV/AIDS.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and clients of
the Ministry. Provision of care and social support, for widows and
orphans, that specifically targets those affected by HIV/AIDS. Promotion
of the use of condoms among women and men of the general public and among
employees of the Ministry.Advocacy to improve the social status of women
in order to decrease women's social vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.Set up a
social fund for people affected by HIV/AIDS.Ministry of National
EducationDevelopment and application of lessons which seek behavioral
change through a teaching approach which targets both skills and knowledge
and includes: negotiation, resisting peer pressure, self-esteem,
communication and assertion. Promotion of school and student
association-led HIV/AIDS initiatives in primary, secondary and tertiary
education institutions.Monitoring and evaluation of the impact of HIV/AIDS
in the education sector in collaboration with other relevant
ministries.Integration of IEC on HIV/AIDS into the curriculum at all
levels of the formal education system including teacher training
colleges.Provision of HIV/AIDS social support networks for teachers and
pupils/students at all levels of educationPromotion, among youths who are
sexually active, the use of condoms.Provision of IEC on HIV/AIDS to, and
promotion of the use of condoms among, employees of the Ministry.Ministry
of Youth, Culture & SportsPromotion of HIV/AIDS IEC among youths who are
in vocational training or are not part of the formal education
system.Integration of HIV/AIDS education content into music, art, dance,
- 4 -



drama and sports activities of the ministryPromotion of HIV/AIDS IEC among
employees of the Ministry.Promotion of the use of condoms among youths who
are sexually active and are in vocational training or are not part of the
formal education system.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees of
the Ministry.Promotion of HIV/AIDS youth clubs among youths who are in
vocational training or are not part of the formal education
system.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks among employees of the
Ministry. Ministry of Public HealthProvision of technical health sector
related support on HIV/AIDS to the National AIDS Commission, line
ministries, enterprises, communities and civil society
organizations.Expansion, in collaboration with other providers, of
voluntary counseling and testing services to at least 80- of communes by
2006.Improvement of national HIV/AIDS reference centers, including
reference laboratories, day care centers, ambulatory care networks and
centers for treatment of sexually transmitted infections.Review,
dissemination and training on national protocols for the management of:
HIV (including the use of anti-retroviral drugs), sexually transmitted
diseases (syndromic approach), and opportunistic infections including
tuberculosis. Improvement of blood supply safety and quality control and
ensuring availability of the relevant diagnostic kits (HIV, hepatitis and
syphilis) in the entire blood transfusion network. Ensuring the
procurement, stock management and distribution of HIV/AIDS essential
supplies, such as gloves, disposable materials, laboratory reagents, male
and female condoms, HIV-related diagnostic kits, and pharmaceuticals
(including anti-retroviral drugs).Improvement of safe handling of
laboratory, medical materials and waste, in terms of policy development,
implementation and training of relevant personnel.Expansion of services
for the prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV.Strengthening of
the HIV/AIDS surveillance system.Provision of HIV/AIDS prevention, care
and support services within the Ministry of Health network of
facilities.Provision of training to Ministry staff to ensure continued
competency in the provision of HIV/AIDS related services.Creation of
HIV/AIDS social support networks for employees of the Ministry.Promotion
of the use of condoms among employees and sexually active clients of the
Ministry.Ministry of Animal Husbandry and AgricultureTraining of extension
workers and Ministry employees as agents for HIV/AIDS IEC in the Ministry
and among clients of the Ministry.Promotion of the use of condoms among
extension workers, Ministry employees and sexually active clients of the
Ministry.Creation of an HIV/AIDS social support network among extension
workers and other workers of the Ministry.Ministry of Environment and Land
Management Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and sexually
active clients of the Ministry.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC for employees of
the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for employees of
the Ministry.Ministry of the Interior and Public SecurityProvision of
HIV/AIDS IEC to employees, prisoners and people in detention.Promotion of
the use of condoms among employees, prisoners and people in detention who
are sexually active.Training of local administration leaders as agents for
HIV/AIDS IEC.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks among employees,
prisoners, and people in detention.Ministry of Justice Provision of
HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of the Ministry.Review of national laws and
legislation in order to identify and promote laws that protect people
living with or affected by HIV/AIDS, and in particular laws regarding the
property rights of widows and orphans.Promotion of the use of condoms
among employees and sexually active clients of the Ministry.Creation of
HIV/AIDS social support network for employees of the Ministry.Ministry of
- 5-



FinancePromotion of the use of condoms among employees and sexually active
clients of the Ministry.Contribution to a social fund to enable families
to cope with HIV/AIDS.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of the
Ministry.Ensure appropriate budget provision to support national HIV/AIDS
activities. Creation of HIV/AIDS social support network for employees of
the Ministry.Ministry of Labor and Public ServiceProvision of HIV/AIDS IEC
to employees of the Ministry and promotion of national work place policies
which support HIV/AIDS IEC.Ensure provision by the relevant ministries and
enterprises, of HIV/AIDS IEC and social support networks for their
respective employees. Provision, together with the Ministries of Finance
and Economic planning, national and sectoral HIV/AIDS related projection
models for human resources for the public sector.Promotion of the use of
condoms among employees and sexually active clients of the
Ministry.Strengthening the capacity of HIV/AIDS teams within ministries
and enterprises.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for employees
of the Ministry.Ministry of CommunicationDesign and dissemination, in
collaboration with the technical ministries, of materials for mass
HIV/AIDS IEC.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of the Ministry.
Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for employees of the
Ministry.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and sexually
active clients of the Ministry.Ministry of External Relations and
CooperationPromotion of the use of condoms among employees of the
Ministry.International advocacy and mobilization of HIV/AIDS related
resources from external partners.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of
the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for employees of
the Ministry.Ministry of the Peace ProcessProvision of HIV/AIDS IEC to
employees of the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for
employees of the Ministry.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees
and sexually active clients of the Ministry.Ministry of Human rights and
Institutional relationsMainstreaming the rights of people infected with
HIV/AIDS into Ministry functions.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of
the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support network for employees of
the Ministry. Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and sexually
active clients of the Ministry.Advocacy for the rights of orphans and
widows.Lobbying members of parliament and cabinet ministers to act as
public advocates for HIV/AIDS control in the community.Ministry of Energy
and MinesProvision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of the Ministry.Promotion
of the use of condoms among employees and sexually active clients of the
Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support network for employees of the
Ministry.Ministry of Public Works and EquipmentProvision of HIV/AIDS IEC
to employees of the Ministry.Promotion of the use of condoms among
employees and sexually active clients of the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS
social support network for employees of the Ministry.Ministry of Economic
Planning and ReconstructionProvision of national and sectoral HIV/AIDS
related projection models for national human resource and economic
development planning.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and
sexually active clients of the Ministry.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to
employees of the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support network for
employees of the Ministry.Provision of cost models to determine the cost
of HIV/AIDS related interventions.Ministry of Commerce, Industry and
TourismReview of trade and commercial regulations to encourage greater
availability of drugs and supplies for HIV/AIDS care, including the supply
of condoms.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of the
Ministry.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and sexually
active patrons of the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support network
- 6 -



for employees of the Ministry.Ensuring availability of condoms in public
places of entertainment.Ministry of Community Development and Handicrafts
Mainstreaming HIV/AIDS activities into the community support activities of
the Ministry.Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees of the Ministry and
artisans.Promotion of the use of condoms among employees and sexually
active clients of the Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support network
for employees of the Ministry.Promotion of the production of HIV/AIDS IEC
materials by artisans.Ministry of Reinsertion and Rehabilitation of
Displaced and Repatriated People Promotion of the use of condoms among
employees and sexually active clients of the Ministry.Creation of an
HIV/AIDS social support network for displaced and repatriated people.
Provision of HIV/AIDS IEC to employees and clients of the
Ministry.Creation of HIV/AIDS social support networks for employees of the
Ministry.Ensuring provision of voluntary counseling and testing HIV/AIDS
services for displaced and repatriated people.Creation of a social
support network for women and children who are displaced or
repatriated.Project component 2: Intermediate level HIV/AIDS initiatives
Under this component, the project will support activities which are
directly carried out by Provincial authorities, or are contracted out to
civil society organizations or to the private sector, including activities
to:i. raise awareness of Provincial leadership, teachers, school
management teams andcommunity leaders;ii. train and support Provincial and
community-based staff and leaders, including teachers, home-care givers
and counselors, traditional healers and traditional birth attendants, and
rural extension workers;iii. provide HIV/AIDS related health promotion and
prevention services at all Provincial hospitals and clinics;iv. provide
HIV/AIDS related diagnosis, treatment and care at Provincial hospitals;v.
promote community-led and civil society-led HIV/AIDS initiatives and
manage the respective selection, contracting, financing and supervision;
vi. provide HIV-related information, education and communication and
condom distribution to the Provincial workforce;vii. support Provincial
HIV/AIDS teams in prevention care and support activities;viii. ensure the
provision of voluntary counseling and testing services at the provincial
level; andix. ensure the provision of services for the syndromic treatment
of sexually transmitted diseases at provincial level. Many of the
activities financed under this component will directly support activities
carried out at community level, i.e.advocacy, training, promotion of
community led HIV/AIDS Initiatives.Component 3: Decentralized
community-led HIV/AIDS initiatives Under this component, the project will
support community-led HIV control activities directly carried out, or
contracted out, by community-based organizations, such as:a) targeted
support to orphans, guardians of poor orphans and AIDS stricken
impoverished households, including those headed by females, children and
elderly due to death of spouse, parent or guardian. In addition,
pre-school, in-school and out-of-school orphans will be supported to
attend day care centers, formal schooling and vocational training;b)
support to families affected by HIV/AIDS including the support of revenue
generating activities;c) community-based information, education and
communication (IEC);d) home-based care;e) promotion of the use of condoms
at community level;f) support of community based HIV/AIDS networks in
prevention, care and support activities; andg) capacity building for local
communities to respond to HIV/AIDS in the communities.The project
operational manual will include a full menu of eligible sub projects, a
list of subprojects and activities which will not be financed under the
project, as well as a description of how to get technical assistance to
-7 -



develop a sub-project, how to apply for a subsidy, how sub-projects will
be selected and approved, how funds will be transferred, and how a sample
of sub projects will be supervised, audited and evaluated.Component 4:
Project coordination and managementThe activities of the National AIDS
Commission which, among others, will include co-ordination, monitoring and
evaluation of project activities, will be financed under this component.
The functions of the secretariat of the Commission, and in particular
those of its component project coordination team (PCT) will specifically
be funded under this component. The Secretariat of the commission and the
PCT will be lean structures, with the implementation of most project
activities being done by the respective ministries, civil society
organizations, provinces and communities.The main responsibilities of the
PCT will be coordination, liaison, supervision, monitoring, evaluation and
support to the longer term national planning and policy support for
HIV/AIDS activites. In addition, it will oversee the financial management
and procurement functions of the project. The PCT will, where necessary,
sub-contract some of its technical functions to contractors, in order to
increase its efficiency.      The PCT will prepare for the Secretariat of
the AIDS Commission, documents relating to annual budgets,
progress/performance of the project. These reports will be based on
approved annual work plans and budgets prepared by the various project
implementing agencies, including line ministries, provinces, civil society
organizations and communities.
1. National level HIV/AIDS initiatives
2. Intermediate level HIV/AIDS initiatives
3. Decentralized community-led HIV/AIDS initiatives
4. Project coordination and management
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost 44.55
6. Implementation
Institutional arrangementsThe Burundi National AIDS Commission (CNLS) and
its Secretariat, which is under the Office of the President, will
coordinate the overall National HIV/AIDS program and project activities.
The Burundi National AIDS Commission will not play an implementing role. A
Project Coordinator, who will report to the Executive Secretary of the
Secretariat of the Commission, will lead a Project Coordination Team
(PCT), which will support work generated by project-related management,
monitoring and evaluation. A Project Steering Committee will be
established as an advisory board and include representatives from key
sectors and institutions, as well as representatives from key civil
society organizations, including those which represent people living with
HIV/AIDS. The project coordinator will be the Secretary of the Project
Steering Committee. Line ministries will implement their respective
HIV/AIDS plans and report regularly to the Burundi AIDS Commission on
agreed input and output indicators. In all the line ministries, the
respective Minister will have overall responsibility for implementation of
the sector HIV/AIDS workplan.Provinces will be at the forefront of project
implementation. Provincial HIV/AIDS work plans will reflect various sector
activities to be implemented at Provincial level. Line ministries will
provide the relevant guidelines, coordination, training, monitoring and
evaluation, and resource mobilization in line with existing working
arrangements with the provinces. A formal contract with agreed input and
- 8 -



output indicators will guide the relationships between the provinces and
the PCT. Each Province will establish a Provincial HIV/AIDS Committee,
composed of heads of department and relevant civil society organizations.
Civil society organizations (including, non-governmental organizations,
religious organizations, farmers' associations, unions, student
associations and private enterprises) will be contracted to implement
project activities. Provincial budgets will include funds earmarked for
sub-projects by civil society and private sector organizations. The
project will coordinate with other IDA funded projects and with other
HIV/AIDS related projects financed by other bilateral and multilateral
organizations. At National level, coordination will be achieved through
the Burundi AIDS Commission. At Provincial Level, coordination will be
achieved through the Provincial HIV/AIDS Committee. Project
implementationThe project will finance a series of HIV/AIDS plans
presented by line ministries andProvinces, as well as a large number of
Community-led HIV/AIDS Initiatives.Planned activities, for the first year
of project implementation, will be integrated into the Project
Implementation Plan (PIP). The project will be implemented in an
incremental manner, starting with those ministries and provinces which
already have HIV/AIDS workplans. With time project coverage will be scaled
up and expanded to more sectors, as the project assists ministries and
provinces in strengthening their implementing capacity.Line ministries and
provinces will present annually, HIV/AIDS plans for the following fiscal
year. The Burundi AIDS Commission, through the PCT, will coordinate these
plans and, when needed, will provide assistance to improve programs and
eliminate duplications.Communities will organize themselves for the
purpose of presenting proposals forCommunity-led HIV/AIDS Initiatives. In
each Province, a lead civil society organization will promote community
led HIV/AIDS initiatives on behalf of the project. Community
beneficiaries, i.e. rural or urban community residents, and
community-based organizations, will be eligible to present community-led
HIV/AIDS initiatives. Each initiative will be coordinated by a sub-project
Development Committee. The sub-project Development Committee may contract
an Implementing Partner to assist in community organization, sub-project
preparation and processing and counseling. The cost of such assistance
will be reimbursable, up to a maximum of 10 percent of total sub-project
cost. There will be a list of "standard sub-projects" for which review,
approval and financing will be streamlined and almost automatic, and a
list of activities which will not be financed under the component.
Communities may present non standard subproject proposals. If one
particular type of non-standard proposal is frequently submitted, it will
become part of the standard list.Civil society organizations and private
organizations may present HIV/AIDS initiatives to the Burundi National
AIDS Commission/PCT, to the relevant line ministries or the Provincial
Project co-ordinators. If relevant, they will be incorporated into the
respective workplans and budgets.The Project Operational Manual (POM) will
describe in detail the project's institutional and implementation
arrangements. Project monitoring, supervision and evaluation:Project
monitoring and evaluation will be based on a broad range of measures,
including impact indicators and more intermediate process and output
measures to capture project performance in the more immediate term.Project
impact will be measured employing data from the HIV sentinel surveillance,
baseline and end-point population-based surveys on knowledge, attitudes,
practices and behavior. Service utilization and special studies
commissioned to assess impact in specific areas not easily addressed by
- 9-



population-based surveys will also be used. Monitoring of the project will
be carried out using project-based data, beneficiary inputs and program
reviews. The Burundi AIDS Commission/PCT will monitor overall project
implementation, assessing the performance of project implementation as
well as the effectiveness and efficiency of implementation at national,
Provincial, and community levels. Line ministries will also monitor
Provincial implementation within their respective mandates. The activities
of civil society organizations and community based organizations will be
monitored based on their contract performance. The Burundi AIDS
Commission/PCT will supervise overall project implementation and meet
regularly with the Project Steering Committee to discuss progress under
each implementing agency. Staff from the line ministries and project
coordination team will make regular visits to the field to monitor the
performance of Provinces and civil society organizations. Province
Technical Planning Committees, representing each sector and incorporating
community-based and civil society organization representation, will
supervise project activities at Provincial and community levels. The
Burundi AIDS Commission/PCT will organize annual project reviews, a
mid-term program review and project completion review to assess the
performance of the project, its components and its contribution to the
national effort to reduce the spread and impact of HIV/AIDS. Project
reviews will be carried out jointly by the Burundi AIDS Commission/PCT and
an independent team of experts under previously defined terms of
reference. Project review will culminate in stakeholder meetings that will
form a basis for re-planning for the next two years.Burundi AIDS
Commission and IDA will organize a joint project launch workshop within
one month after project effectiveness. One of the main purposes of the
workshop will be to make further progress on project monitoring and
reporting requirements. During the project mid-term review, various
indicators will be used to assess project performance and needs for fund
reallocation.Procurement proceduresThe Burundi AIDS Commission, line
ministries and Provinces will procure works, goods and services in
relation to the respective activities, in accordance with the Bank's
Guidelines: Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits (January 1995 and
revised in January and August 1996, September 1997, and January 1999), in
particular Section 3.15, Community Participation in Procurement.
Consulting services by firms, organizations, or individuals financed by
IDA will be contracted in accordance with the Bank's Guidelines: Selection
and Employment of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers (January 1997,
revised in September 1997 and January 1999).The Government will contract
one or more procurement agents to carry out the procurement of large
items, such as condoms, diagnostic kits and pharmaceuticals for the
diagnosis and clinical management of HIV/AIDS, sexually transmitted
infections and opportunistic infections, including tuberculosis. The
implementing agencies will ensure adequate procurement capacity is
established as per the government procurement reforms to carry out
procurement within the respective agencies.Communities will use the Bank's
simplified Procurement and Disbursement Procedures for Community-Based
Investments to procure goods or services needed to implement their
respective community initiatives. Since each Community led initiative is
expected to cost less than US$ 30,000, 'local shopping' will be a standard
procurement method.To facilitate speedy import of items valued at less
than US$100,000 equivalent required urgently for diagnosis/treatment and
institutional strengthening, contracts may be made based on international
shopping and national shopping procedures, respectively, or through
- 10 -



procurement from the United Nations.Given the urgency of the project, a
wide-ranging General Procurement Notice for the first year of operations
will be placed on the United Nations Development Business web site without
a need for hard-copy publication. The Borrower will prepare aprocurement
plan for the first year of project operations to be included in the
Project Operational Manual and subsequently annual procurement
plans.Procurement performance (including sub-project procurement
activities) will be assessed on an annual basis (in the form of
procurement/physical audits by an external agency). In addition to the
formal annual audits, ad-hoc procurement reviews will be conducted
periodically. Financial managementThe project will have a viable financial
management and accounting system, including a comprehensive Manual of
Financial Procedures, Chart of Accounts and fully integrated project
financial and accounting system, using appropriate accounting software.
The Project Coordination Team (PCT) will include a financial manager and
controller and will put in place an appropriate financial and accounting
system for the project. Similar institutional strengthening measures will
be taken with regard to capacity in line ministries and Provinces where
such intervention is needed. Capacity building in financial management in
communities will be supported through the collaborating civil society
organizations and community based organizations.A special account will be
opened and maintained in a reputable commercial bank. A project account
will be opened in local currency in the same commercial bank. Sub-project
accounts will be opened for different implementing agencies. After
approval of annual plans and budgets, the PCT will facilitate the transfer
of funds to the various implementing agencies.Disbursements of the project
proceeds will initially assume the traditional mechanisms for IDA assisted
projects. However, the project will be expected to convert to Project
Management Report-based disbursements mechanism under the Financial
Management Initiative framework in a period not exceeding 18 months. The
project will mainly use Statement of Expenditures (SOE) through the
special account to access credit funds, while direct payments and special
commitments will be used for bulk procurement of goods and services.All
disbursements against expenditures for contracts with civil society
organizations and the private sector will be made against SOEs and be
subject to random ex-post financial, physical, and technical review by IDA
missions and be audited by financial and technical consultants employed by
the Burundi AIDS Commission. All procurement contracts not subject to IDA
prior review will be disbursed against SOEs and documentation will be
retained by the PCT and made available for review by IDA and the project
auditor. In the case of Community-led HIV/AIDS initiatives, there will be
pre-financing of expenditures, as communities are unlikely to start
contracting without the assurance of funds. All disbursements against
expenditures under the community initiatives will be subject to ex post
review by IDA missions and the project auditor, on a sample basis.The
project will be audited by independent auditors acceptable to IDA. Each
implementing agency will submit quarterly financial reports to Burundi
AIDS Commission. The PCT will consolidate all project financial reports
submitted by the implementing agencies and prepare the project financial
statements for auditing purposes. Audited project financial statements and
report thereon, inclusive of an auditor's opinion on the use of statement
of expenditures will be submitted to IDA within six months following the
end of the financial year.
7. Sustainability
- 11 -



The project is expected to be sustainable in the medium term because it is
built upon strong government ownership and supports the expansion of
HIV/AIDS activities that involve communities, civil society organizations
and in particular, organizations of people living with HIV/AIDS. The
project will scale up existing HIV/AIDS activites by mainstreaming
activities into all government sectors and civil society, and by tapping
into community organization resources. The project emphasizes
institutional capacity building at national and local level which would
further enhance the sustainability of the project and its local
sub-projects.As far as financial sustainability is concerned, it is
unlikely that the Government will be able to fully finance the program in
the mid-term. It is realistic to expect that bilateral and multilateral
development agencies will continue to finance HIV/AIDS activites in the
country beyond the period of project implementation. The overall project
risk is estimated to be moderate because there is good Government and
civil society ownership, and because the AIDS Commission will benefit from
the experience of several Commission members who have already been
involved in HIV/AIDS activities in Burundi.There is however a substantial
risk that the project will not be able to significantly scale up
operations because some line ministries and a number of local governments
have little experience with multi-sectoral initiatives and no experience
in HIV/AIDS control. In addition, the project will have to set up a new
system to channel funds to community-led initiatives, given that Burundi
does not yet have an established social fund system. To reduce this risk,
project supervision will be much more intensive than it would otherwise
be, and when necessary, it will include substantial technical assistance.
To minimize risk and ensure the success in implementation of this project,
IDA will have to:a) provide adequate resources for supervision which may
be above the standard supervision coefficientsb) conduct supervisions with
teams that have specialists from various sectors and in particular, have
specialists in key areas such as financial management, procurement,
monitoring and evaluation; andc) collaborate closely with
internal/external partners and stakeholders.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
International experience on HIV/AIDS, and especially regional experience
from countries like Uganda and Senegal, ongoing HIV/AIDS control efforts
in Burundi, and the experience of the initial Bank projects that have been
approved under MAP, have been reflected in the project design. Key lessons
learned from all this experience are outlined below.Political leadership
and commitment: International experience has taught the world that
political leadership and commitment is a key issue in mobilizing national
and donor resources for the fight against the HIV/AIDS epidemic. The
Government of Burundi has indicated its firm commitment to the fight
against HIV/AIDS. The people of Burundi are among the hardest hit by the
epidemic, and the political as well as the economic imperatives for faster
growth will not be realized if the HIV/AIDS situation does not improve.
Effective action requires national leadership and political commitment at
the highest levels. The successful examples of control of the HIV epidemic
in countries like Senegal and Uganda arose because of the political
leadership driven by good epidemiological data, effective programs and a
vibrant activist civil society participation. In the Burundi situation,
there is unanimity among the leadership, on the need to tackle the
epidemic effectively. Vulnerability factors are key drivers of the
epidemic: The HIV/AIDS epidemic is driven by underlying vulnerability
- 12 -



factors among populations. The combination of poverty, gender disparities
and information asymmetry provide very fertile soil on which the sown seed
of HIV can rapidly grow and blossom. Therefore, any attempt at controlling
the epidemic will have to address the vulnerability factors. This project
will among others, focus on the vulnerable groups, including the youth,
orphans, women and widowers in prevention and impact mitigation
efforts.Community participation as a process of empowerment. The
communities affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic find themselves facing
multifaceted challenges, and with very thin resources and capacity to
respond. In addition, short term focused strategies may not meet the need
for long term rehabilitation and healing in those communities. Community
participation engages the people in a partnership to fight the epidemic.
With external resources and the building of local capacity, the
communities will be more empowered in their response to HIV/AIDS. Such a
response is also more likely to be sustainable in the long term. This
project will have a specific component on community-led HIV/AIDS
initiatives. Multisectoral approach: It has been widely recognized that
the HIV/AIDS epidemic extends far and beyond the narrowly defined health
sector. The multi-dimensional nature of the epidemic and its impacts
warrant a change in paradigm from a biomedical to a development one. In
this context, the multi-sectoral approach in HIV prevention, care and
mitigation offer best chances of success. This project will involve the
active participation of all line ministries. The use of indigenous
knowledge and practices: Indigenous knowledge and practices could also be
complementary in the efforts to fight HIV/AIDS. In Mozambique, the
involvement of traditional knowledge workers (healers) in awareness
creation in a psychologically and socially sensitive area like sexuality
had higher impact at lower cost. In Tanzania, the integration of local
healers in AIDS prevention and mitigation strategies increased the
effectiveness of the approach and access for poorer families. Along
similar lines, the Bank is currently piloting the use of traditional
channels of communication ("griot" network) to deliver culturally
congruent messages in prevention of HIV/AIDS in West Africa. Local
practices of looking after HIV/AIDS orphans in the community among foster
parents, grandparents, or other relatives, have also been used
successfully in Uganda, Zimbabwe, Kenya, Malawi and Zambia to cater for
orphans without separating them from their communities. In this regard,
this project will encourage access to and use of appropriate indigenous
knowledge and practices that have been shown to work in the fight against
HIV/AIDS.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  The project is not expected to generate any adverse
environmental effects. Possible environmental risks include inappropriate
handling and disposal of medical waste and inadequate management of the
respective disposal sites in urban or peri-urban areas, where domestic and
medical waste may be mixed and where scavenging is a livelihood.The
project will finance training of health care professionals, traditional
birth attendants/traditional healers, and community workers delivering
care to HIV/AIDS patients. This training will include instruction on
appropriate separation, transport and disposal of hazardous medical waste.
The project will finance the revision, where necessary, of existing health
sector guidelines on appropriate management of medical waste at medical
- 13 -



facilities and at disposal sites to include the relevant sections
regarding HIV/AIDS.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Malonga Miatudila
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202 473 4093
Fax: 202 473 8107
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending May 11, 2001.
- 14 -



