Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3501 IND
                 (Suralaya Thermal Power Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                       Dated August 26, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3501-IND
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 26, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PERUSAHAAN UMUM
LISTRIK NEGARA (PLN).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to four hundred twenty three million six
hundred thousand dollars ($423,600,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PLN
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B) by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and PLN, the proceeds of the loan provided for under
the Loan Agreement will be relent to PLN on the terms and conditions
set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS PLN, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) PLN declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, managerial, public utilities
and environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section and except as the Bank and PLN shall otherwise agree,
PLN shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PLN shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. PLN shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PLN shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PLN shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan; provided, however, that, PLN shall prepare
and furnish to the Bank, for its review and comments, quarterly
Project progress reports which reports to include an assessment of
the environmental aspects under the Project.
      (b) PLN shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by PLN of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. PLN shall:
      (a) by December 31, 1992, prepare and furnish to the Bank, for
its approval, a proposed plan for compensation and rehabilitation of
the families that will be affected by the acquisition of the land in
the laydown area of the Project, and, thereafter, implement such
plan as so approved;
      (b) by September 30, 1993, prepare and furnish to the Bank,
for its approval, a proposed plan for compensation and
rehabilitation of the families that will be affected by the
acquisition of the land required for the construction of the
transmission lines under Part B of the Project, and, thereafter,
Page  3
implement such plan as so approved; and
      (c) pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.09 of the General
Conditions, take such actions as shall be required to acquire, not
later than December 31, 1993, all the land for the laydown area and
transmission towers, and rights-of-way for critical sections of
transmission lines under the Project, and thereafter furnish to the
Bank evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that: (i) such land and
rights in respect of land are available for purposes of carrying out
such Parts of the Project; and (ii) that the plans referred to in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section have been implemented in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of PLN
      Section 3.01. PLN shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering, managerial, public utility and environmental  practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02.  (a) PLN shall maintain its existence and right
to carry on its operations and shall take all steps necessary to
acquire, maintain and renew all interest in land and other prop-
erties and all rights, powers, privileges and franchises which are
necessary or useful in carrying out the Project or in the conduct of
its business.
      (b)   PLN shall at all times operate and maintain its plants,
facilities, equipment and other property, and promptly as required,
make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, in accordance with
sound engineering and public utility practices.
      (c)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN shall not
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its property or
assets which shall be required for the efficient operation of its
business and undertaking.
      Section 3.03. PLN shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PLN shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b) PLN shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than nine months after the
                   end of each such year, (A) certified copies of
                   its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
Page  4
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. PLN shall periodically review its long run
marginal costs and tariff structure, and shall exchange views with
the Borrower and the Bank on the results of the review.
      Section 4.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PLN
shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of PLN shows that the projected net
revenues of PLN for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the projected debt service
requirement of PLN in such year on all debt of PLN including the
debt to be incurred. For the purposes of this Section:
      (a)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of PLN maturing
by its terms more than one year after the date on which it is
originally incurred.
      (b)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a loan
contract or agreement or other instrument providing for such debt or
further modification of its terms of payment, on the date of such
contract, agreement or instrument; and (ii) under a guarantee
agreement, on the date the agreement providing for such guarantee
has been entered into.
      (c)   The term "net revenues of PLN" means gross revenues of
PLN from all sources, adjusted to take account of the PLN's tariffs
in effect at the time of the incurrence of debt even though they
were not in effect during the twelve-month period to which such
revenues relate, less all operating expenses of PLN, including
expenses accountable to administration, maintenance and taxes (or
payments in lieu of taxes), but before provision for depreciation of
assets and interest and other charges on debt.
      (d)   The term "debt service requirement" means the aggregate
amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if any) of,
and interest and other charges on, debt.
      (e)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast prepared
by PLN in the fiscal year in which the debt in question is to be
incurred, which both the Bank and PLN accept as reasonable and as to
which the Bank has notified PLN of its acceptability, provided that
no event has occurred since such notification which has, or may
reasonably be expected in the future to have, a material adverse
effect on the financial condition or future operating results of
PLN.
      (f)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
necessary to value, in terms of currency of the Borrower, debt
payable in another currency, such valuation shall be made on the
basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which such other
currency is, at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
purposes of servicing such debt, or, with absence of such rate, on
the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. PLN shall, as part of its on-going annual
planning procedures: (i) prepare a ten-year financial forecast based
on its proposed development plans; (ii) test each proposed develop-
ment plan for financial feasibility; (iii) develop a financing plan
covering the first five years of the forecast period which will
specify the quantum of external funding and the appropriate mix of
equity and debt and, to the extent possible, identify potential
financial sources; and (iv) ensure that its recommended development
plans and associated financial forecasts and financing plan are
jointly reviewed with the Borrower and the Bank prior to their
adoption by its Board.
      Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree:
(i) PLN shall, from time to time, take all such measures as shall be
required to realize for its Java operations, for its fiscal year
Page  5
1992/93 and in each of its fiscal years thereafter, an annual rate
of return of not less than eight percent (8%) of the average net
current value of PLN's fixed assets in operation in Java; and (ii)
PLN shall, from time to time, take all such measures as shall be
required with respect to its outside-Java operations to produce not
later than its fiscal year 1993/94 and in each fiscal year
thereafter, total revenues equal to not less than the sum of: (A)
total operating expenses; and (B) the amount by which debt service
requirements exceed the provision for depreciation, of outside-Java
Operations.
      (b)   Before December 31 in each year, commencing on Decem-
ber 31, 1992, PLN shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PLN
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether its tariffs are
adequate to meet the requirements set forth in paragraphs (a) (i)
and (ii) of this Section for the next fiscal year, and shall furnish
to the Bank such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    the required annual return shall be calculated
                   by dividing PLN's net operating income for its
                   Java operations for the fiscal year in question
                   by one-half of the sum of the current value of
                   PLN's net fixed assets in operation for its Java
                   operations at the beginning and the end of that
                   fiscal year;
            (ii)   the term "net operating income" means the
                   revenues from all sources related to PLN's Java
                   operations less all expenditures incurred on
                   account of such operations, including expenses
                   of administration, adequate maintenance and
                   taxes or any payments in lieu of taxes, and
                   provision for depreciation calculated on
                   revaluated assets pursuant to Section 4.03 of
                   this Agreement. Interest and other charges on
                   debt shall not be deducted from gross revenues;
            (iii)  the term "value of PLN's net fixed assets in
                   operations for its Java operations" means the
                   gross value of PLN's fixed assets in operation
                   on Java less the amount of accumulated deprecia-
                   tion and consumers' contributions, all as valued
                   from time to time in accordance with the methods
                   of valuation or revaluation referred to in
                   Section 4.06 of this Agreement;
            (iv)   the term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                   outside-Java operating revenues and net outside-
                   Java non-operating income;
            (v)    the term "total outside-Java operating revenues"
                   means revenues from all sources related to
                   operations from outside Java;
            (vi)   the term "net outside-Java non-operating income"
                   means the difference between:
                   (A)   outside-Java revenues from all sources
                         other than those related to operations;
                         and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above;
            (vii)  the term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to outside-Java operations,
                   including administration, adequate maintenance,
                   taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                   provision for depreciation calculated on
                   revaluated assets pursuant to Section 4.03 of
Page  6
                   this Agreement, but excluding interest and other
                   charges on debt;
            (viii) the term "debt service requirements" relating to
                   outside-Java operations means the aggregate
                   amount of repayments (including sinking fund
                   payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                   charges on, debt; and
            (ix)   whenever, for the purposes of this Section, it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower debt payable in another
                   currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
                   acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.06. For the purposes of the calculations referred to
in Section 4.05 (a) (i) and (ii) of this Agreement, PLN shall for
its fiscal year 1992/93 and for each fiscal year thereafter, revalue
its fixed assets (including work in progress and consumers'
contributions), and accumulated depreciation, in a manner satisfac-
tory to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PLN thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify PLN thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
Page  7
                                           197688 (TRT)
      For PLN:
            Perusahaan Umum Listrik Negara
            Jalan Trunojoyo 135
            Kebayoran Baru
            Jakarta 12160
            Indonesia
            Cable address:                 Telex:
            PLNPST                         47156 PLNPST IA
            Jakarta                        47248 PLNPST IA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PLN may be taken or executed by its President
Director or such other person or persons as the President Director
shall designate in writing, and PLN shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By /s/ Gautam Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                               PERUSAHAAN UMUM LISTRIK NEGARA
                               By /s/ Abdul Rachman Ramly
                                     Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
      Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Indonesia may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Page  8
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A. hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a) With respect to the contracts for marine works and stacks,
and for each contract for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4
of Appendix 1 of the Guidelines shall apply.
      (b) With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist PLN in carrying out: (a) the engineering,
design and construction supervision of the coal-fired thermal
generating units under Part A of the Project; (b) the engineering
and design of the power plant under Part C (b) of the Project; (c)
the feasibility study under Part C (c) of the Project; and (d) the
training program under Part C (e) of the Project, PLN shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    For purposes of adequately coordinating the various activities
under Parts A and B of the Project, PLN shall, not later than
October 31, 1992, appoint a senior level manager with qualifications
and experience satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    PLN shall operate the Suralaya Thermal Power Plant in
accordance with environmental guidelines satisfactory to the Bank,
including guidelines relating to the ambient concentrations of
sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides.
3.    PLN shall, not later than December 31, 1995, establish and
thereafter operate and maintain air quality monitoring stations at
sites selected in accordance with criteria acceptable to the Bank.
4.    PLN shall, not later than December 31, 1992, adopt and
thereafter implement a schedule, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
award of contracts for goods, works and consultants' services under
the Project.
5.    PLN shall take all such actions as shall be necessary to
procure the coal required for the coal-fired units under Part A of
the Project in accordance with procurement procedures satisfactory
Page  9
to the Bank.
6.    PLN shall, not later than December 31, 1993, prepare and
thereafter implement an action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, for
improving the existing coal receiving, ash disposal and dust control
facilities at the Suralaya Thermal Power Plant.
7.    PLN shall, not later than December 31, 1992, adopt and
thereafter implement an action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, aimed
at enhancing PLN's institutional efficiency.
