Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2168 GUA
                                                       (Amendment)
               (Second Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                              GUYANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 4, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2168 GUA
                                                       (Amendment)
                        AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 4, 1990, between GUYANA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered
into a Development Credit Agreement (Second Structural Adjustment
Credit), date July 13, 1990, (the Development Credit Agreement) for
the purpose of assisting in the financing of the program referred to
in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement
(the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
additional assistance toward the finance of the Program by increas-
ing the amount made available under the Development Credit Agreement
by an amount in various currencies equivalent to three million one
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,100,000); and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by:
      (a)   deleting the word "and" after paragraph (h) thereof;
      (b)   substituting the stop at the end of paragraph (i) there-
of by a semi-colon and adding the word "and" after such semicolon;
and
      (c)   by adding the following new paragraph (j):
                  "(j)  "Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
            Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Second
            Structural Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and
            the Association, dated December 4, 1990."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
                  "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to
            the Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
            referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
            amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty
            million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
            (SDR 60,300,000) (the Credit), which includes an
            original amount in various currencies equivalent to
            fifty-seven million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
            Rights (SDR 57,200,000) and an additional amount in
            various currencies equivalent to three million one
            hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,100,000)
            (the Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of Section 2.04
(b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as follows:
                  "; provided, however, that any commitment charge
            on the Additional Financing shall accrue from a date
            sixty days after the date of the Amending Agreement.
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 4 (a) of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 35,730,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 38,830,000".
      Section 1.05. Paragraph 4 (b) of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 49,830,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 50,330,000".
      Section 1.06. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.
                  "6. After a date twelve months from the date of
            the Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and
            no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or
            on the order of the Borrower in respect of expen-ditures
            to be financed out of the proceeds of the Additional
            Financing. At any time after such date, the Association
            may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn
            amount of the Additional Financing from the Credit
            Account or any part thereof."
Page  3
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to the
Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is
legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this Agree-
ment, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties hereunder
shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a later date for
the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall terminate
under the provisions of this Section, the Development Credit Agree-
ment shall continue in full force and effect, as if this Agreement
had not been executed.
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  GUYANA
                  By /s/ Cedric H. Grant
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
