Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2249 CE
                (Second Telecommunications Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                         SRI LANKA TELECOM
                        Dated July 15, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2249 CE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 15, 1991, between INTERNATION-
AL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SRI
LANKA TELECOM (Sri Lanka Telecom).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Democratic Socialist Republic
of Sri Lanka (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-nine
million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 39,700,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condi-
tion that Sri Lanka Telecom agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and Sri Lanka Telecom, the
proceeds of the credit provided for under the Development
Credit Agreement will be relent to Sri Lanka Telecom on
Page  2
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Sri Lanka Telecom, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined)
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Sri Lanka Telecom declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropri-
ate administrative, financial and engineering practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Associa-
tion and Sri Lanka Telecom shall otherwise agree, Sri
Lanka Telecom shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for Part B of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Sri Lanka Telecom shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and sched-
ules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. Sri Lanka Telecom shall duly perform
all its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, Sri
Lanka Telecom shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Sri Lanka Telecom shall, at the
request of the Association, exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Sri Lanka Telecom shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or threat-
Page  3
ens to interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by Sri Lanka Telecom of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
          Management and Operations of Sri Lanka Telecom
      Section 3.01. Sri Lanka Telecom shall carry on its
opera-  tions and conduct its affairs in accordance with
sound administrative and financial practices under the
supervision of qualified and  experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Sri Lanka Telecom shall at all times
operate and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and
other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
in accordance with sound telecommunications engineering
practices.
      Section 3.03. Sri Lanka Telecom shall take out and
maintain with responsible insurers, or make other
provision satisfactory to the Association for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Sri Lanka Telecom shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
      (b)   Sri Lanka Telecom shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements
                   of income and expenses and related stat-
                   ements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                   accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later
                   than four months after the end of each
                   such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such
                   audit by said auditors, of such scope
                   and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)   furnish to the Association such
                   other information concerning said
                   records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably re-
                   quest.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, Sri Lanka Telecom shall earn, for each
of its fiscal years after its fiscal year ending on
December 31, 1991, an annual return of not less than 15%
of the average current net value of Sri Lanka Telecom's
fixed assets in operation.
Page  4
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years,
Sri Lanka Telecom shall, on the basis of forecasts
prepared by Sri Lanka Telecom and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the require-
ments set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year
and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to
the Association the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that Sri Lanka Telecom
would not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph
(a) for Sri Lanka Telecom's fiscal years covered by such
review, Sri Lanka Telecom shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its tariffs) in
order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The annual return shall be calculated by
                   dividing Sri Lanka Telecom's net operat-
                   ing income for the fiscal year in ques-
                   tion by one half of the sum of the cur-
                   rent net value of Sri Lanka Telecom's
                   fixed assets in operation at the begin-
                   ning and at the end of that fiscal year.
            (ii)   The term "net operating income" means
                   total operating revenues less total
                   operating expenses.
           (iii)   The term "total operating revenues"
                   means revenues from all sources
                   related to operations.
            (iv)   The term "total operating expenses"
                   means all expenses related to opera-
                   tions, including administration, ade-
                   quate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                   lieu of taxes, and provision for depre-
                   ciation on a straight-line basis at a
                   rate of not less than 5% per annum of
                   the average current gross value of Sri
                   Lanka Telecom's fixed assets in opera-
                   tion, or other basis acceptable to the
                   Association, but excluding interest and
                   other charges on debt.
            (v)    The average current gross value of Sri
                   Lanka Telecom's fixed assets in opera-
                   tion shall be calculated as one half of
                   the sum of the gross value of Sri Lanka
                   Telecom's fixed assets in operation at
                   the beginning and at the end of the
                   fiscal year, as valued from time to time
                   in accordance with sound and consistent-
                   ly maintained methods of valuation sat-
                   isfactory to the Association.
            (vi)   The term "current net value of Sri Lanka
                   Telecom's fixed assets in operation"
                   means the gross value of Sri Lanka Tele-
                   com's fixed assets in operation less the
                   amount of accumulated depreciation, as
                   valued from time to time in accordance
                   with sound and consistently maintained
                   methods of valuation satisfactory to the
                   Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, Sri Lanka Telecom shall produce, for
Page  5
each of its fiscal years after its fiscal year ending on
December 31, 1991, funds from internal sources equivalent
to not less than 25% of the annual average of Sri Lanka
Telecom's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to
be incurred, for that year, the previous fiscal year and
the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years,
Sri Lanka Telecom shall, on the basis of forecasts
prepared by Sri Lanka Telecom and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the require-
ments set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year
and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to
the Association a copy of such review upon its comple-
tion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that Sri Lanka Telecom
would not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph
(a) for Sri Lanka Telecom's fiscal years covered by such
review, Sri Lanka Telecom shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its tariffs) in
order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources"
                   means the difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sourc-
                         es related to operations, consumer
                         deposits and consumer contributions
                         in aid of construction, net non-
                         operating income and any reduction
                         in working capital other than cash;
                         and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations, including administra-
                         tion, adequate maintenance and
                         taxes and payments in lieu of taxes
                         (excluding provision for deprecia-
                         tion and other non-cash operating
                         charges), debt service require-
                         ments, all cash dividends and other
                         cash distributions of surplus,
                         increase in working capital other
                         than cash and other cash outflows
                         other than capital expenditures.
            (ii)   The term "net non-operating income"
                   means the difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other
                         than those related to operations;
                         and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and pay-
                         ments in lieu of taxes, incurred in
                         the generation of revenues in (A)
                         above.
           (iii)   The term "working capital other
                   than cash" means the difference
                   between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the
                   end of each fiscal year.
            (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash"
                   means all assets other than cash which
                   could in the ordinary course of business
                   be converted into cash within twelve
Page  6
                   months, including accounts receivable,
                   marketable securities, inventories and
                   pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fis-
                   cal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and
                   payable or could under circumstances
                   then existing be called for payment
                   within twelve months, including accounts
                   payable, customer advances, debt service
                   requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
                   of taxes, and dividends.
            (vi)   The term "debt service requirements"
                   means the aggregate amount of repayments
                   (including sinking fund payments, if
                   any) of, and interest and other charges
                   on, debt.
           (vii)   The term "capital expenditures"
                   means all expenditures incurred on
                   account of fixed assets, including
                   interest charged to construction,
                   if any, related to operations.
          (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this
                   Section it shall be necessary to
                   value, in terms of the currency of
                   the Borrower, debt payable in an-
                   other currency, such valuation
                   shall be made on the basis of the
                   prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at
                   the time of such valuation, obtain-
                   able for the purposes of servicing
                   such debt, or, in the absence of
                   such rate, on the basis of a rate
                   of exchange acceptable to the Asso-
                   ciation.
      Section 4.04. Sri Lanka Telecom shall at all times
maintain adequate funds to meet its requirements for
operating costs, debt service, working capital and
capital investment.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of Sri Lanka Telecom thereunder
shall terminate on the earlier of the following two
dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance
                   with its terms; or
            (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of
                   this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Sri Lanka Telecom of this event.
Page  7
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General Condi-
tions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For Sri Lanka Telecom:
            Sri Lanka Telecom
            Lotus Road
            Colombo 1, Sri Lanka
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MAGNETO                   21477 TELECOM CE
                   Colombo
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Sri Lanka
Telecom may be taken or executed by its Managing Director
or such other person or persons as Sri Lanka Telecom
shall designate in writing, and Sri Lanka Telecom shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  8
                   By /s/ Jochen Kraske
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                   SRI LANKA TELECOM
                   By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
1.    Sri Lanka Telecom shall establish and maintain a
staffing ratio satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Sri Lanka Telecom shall:
      (a)   undertake a study with terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association, of a cost-center based,
performance related profit sharing staff remuneration
system;
      (b)   by December 31, 1991 furnish the recommenda-
tions of the study to the Borrower and the Association
for review; and
      (c)   by June 30, 1992 begin to implement recommenda-
tions agreed with the Borrower and the Association.
3.    Sri Lanka Telecom shall implement the improvements
in the institutional arrangements of the telecommuniatio-
ns sector, referred to in Section 3.04 of the Development
Credit Agreement.
4.    Sri Lanka Telecom shall by December 31, 1991
establish, and thereafter maintain, a system satisfactory
to the Association, to monitor its performance.
5.    Sri Lanka Telecom shall:
      (a)    undertake a study in accordance with terms of
reference satisfactory to the Association, of the
telecommunications tariff structure;
      (b)   by December 31, 1991 furnish the findings of
the study to the Borrower and the Association for review;
and
      (c)   by March 31, 1992 submit to the Borrower
recommendations satisfactory to the Association, for
changes in the telecommunications tariff structure.
6.    Sri Lanka Telecom shall, as of June 30, 1992
maintain its accounts receivable below the equivalent of
three months of billing.
