Page  1
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2841 JO
                   Project Agreement
         (National Urban Development Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                     HOUSING BANK
                  Dated July 13, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2841 JO
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 13, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and HOUSING BANK (HB).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty six million four hundred thousand
dollars ($26,400,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that
HB agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary financing agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and HB, part of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be made available to HB on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Financing
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS HB, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
Page  2
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
          Execution of Part B of the Project
     Section 2.01. HB declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part B of the Project and conduct its operations and
affairs with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate technical, administrative and
financial standards and practices, with qualified
management and staff and in accordance with HB Policy
Statement and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the purpose.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation upon the provisions
of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, HB shall:
     (a)  establish and operate the credit facilities
under Part B (1), (2) and (3) of the Project in
accordance with its applicable policies and practices
pursuant to HB Policy Statement;
     (b)  carry out Part B (4) of the Project in
accordance with the applicable provisions of Schedule 5
to the Loan Agreement, and employ, in order to assist it
in the carrying out of the same, consultants with
qualifications, experience and terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank; and
     (c)  except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procure the goods required for Part B (4) (a) of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan in accordance with the provisions of Section I of
Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.03. HB shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules and records and
reports, respectively) in respect of Part B of the
Project.
     Section 2.04. HB shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Financing Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, HB shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Financing Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) HB shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Financing Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  HB shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of Loan, or the performance by HB of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Financing Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) HB shall maintain records and
Page  3
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  HB shall:
          (i)  have its records, account and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of HB thereunder shall terminate on the date
on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance
with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify HB
thereof.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
Page  4
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For HB:
          Housing Bank
          P.O. Box 7693
          Amman, Jordan
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ISKAN                         21693 JO
               Amman
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of HB may be
taken or executed by the Chairman of HB or such other
person or persons as the said Chairman shall designate in
writing, and HB shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ A. J. Stoutjesdijk
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
               HOUSING BANK
               By /s/ M. Kamal
                              Authorized Representative
