Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2297 CE
       (Second Power Distribution and Transmission Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                     CEYLON ELECTRICITY BOARD
                     Dated September 20, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2297 CE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 20, 1991, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and CEYLON ELECTRICITY BOARD (the Board).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between Democratic Socialist Republic
of Sri Lanka (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-
seven million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 37,500,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that the Board agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and the Board, the proceeds of
the Credit provided for under the Development Credit
Agreement will be relent to the Board on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Board, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined)
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Board declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and the Board shall otherwise agree, the
Board shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Board shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Board shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Board shall
not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Board shall, at the request of
the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Board shall promptly inform the Association
of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
Page  3
performance by the Board of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
              Management and Operations of the Board
      Section 3.01. (a) The Board shall carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with
sound administrative, financial, engineering and public
utility practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      (b)   The Board shall at all times maintain its
corporate existence and the right to carry on its
operations and take all steps necessary to acquire,
maintain and renew all rights, powers, privileges and
franchises which are necessary or useful in the conduct
of its business.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Board shall at all times
operate and maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and
other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      (b)   Except in the normal course of business, the
Board shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of
any of its property or assets which shall be required for
the efficient operation of its business.
      Section 3.03. The Board shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) the Board shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
      (b)   the Board shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related
                  statements) for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later
                  than: (A) four months after the end of
                  each such year certified copies of its
                  unaudited financial statements for such
                  year; and (B) ten months after the end of
                  each such year certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, together with the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
Page  4
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Board shall not incur any debt
unless its net revenues for the fiscal year immediately
preceding such incurrence or for a later twelve-month
period ended prior to such incurrence, whichever is the
greater, shall be not less than 1.5 times the maximum
debt service requirements for any succeeding fiscal year
on all debt including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    the term "debt" means all debt of the
                   Board, including debt for the service of
                   which the Board is responsible, maturing
                   by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which it is originally
                   incurred;
           (ii)    debt shall be deemed to be incurred on the
                   date of execution and delivery of a contract,
                   loan agreement or other instrument providing
                   for such debt;
          (iii)    the term "net revenues" means gross
                   revenues from all sources, adjusted
                   to take account of the Board's
                   tariffs in effect at the time of
                   the incurrence of debt even though
                   they were not in effect during the
                   fiscal year or twelve-month period
                   to which such revenues relate, less
                   all expenses of operation and
                   maintenance in connection with the
                   generation, transmission and
                   distribution of electricity,
                   administration, and taxes, if any,
                   but before deduction of provision
                   for depreciation of assets,
                   interest and other charges on debt;
           (iv)    the term "debt service requirements"
                   means the aggregate amount of
                   amortization (including sinking fund
                   allocations, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt; and
            (v)    whenever for the purposes of this
                   Section, or of Section 4.03 hereof, it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of
                   the currency of the Borrower, debt
                   payable in another currency, such
                   valuation shall be made on the basis of
                   the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable, for
                   the purposes of servicing such debt, or,
                   if such other currency is not so
                   obtainable, at such rate of exchange as
                   shall be reasonably determined by the
                   Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Board shall, before the start of
each fiscal year, review and adjust, if necessary, its
tariffs, to provide sufficient revenue to cover operating
Page  5
expenses including taxes, if any, any straight-line
depreciation, and to produce an annual return on the
current value of its net fixed assets in service of not
less than 7% for the years 1992 and 1993, and 8%
thereafter.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)    the annual return shall be calculated by
                   relating net income before interest and
                   other charges on debt for that year to
                   the average of the current value of net
                   fixed assets in service at the beginning
                   and at the end of that year;
           (ii)    the term "current value of the net fixed
                   assets" means the gross value of fixed assets
                   as annually reviewed and revalued from time to
                   time, on the basis of appropriate methods of
                   valuation acceptable to the Association, less
                   the amounts accumulated in respect of:
                   (A)   depreciation of assets (as so
                         revalued); and
                   (B)   consumers' contributions or other
                         contri-butions to capital
                         expenditures all in accordance with
                         proper accounting principles
                         consistently applied;
          (iii)    the term "net income" means all revenues
                   of the Board except income from
                   investments not directly related to its
                   operations, less all operating expenses;
          (iv)     the term "operating expenses" means
                   all expenses of operation and
                   maintenance in connection with the
                   generation, transmission and
                   distribution of electricity, and of
                   administration, including adequate
                   provision for depreciation, and for
                   taxes, if any, but excluding
                   provision for interest and other
                   charges on debt; and
            (v)    the term "debt" has the meaning set
                   forth in Section 4.02 (b) (i) of this
                   Agreement.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Board shall maintain a ratio of
current assets to current liabilities of not less than
1.2.
      (b)   Before the start of each of its fiscal years,
the Board shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by
the Board and satisfactory to the Association, review
whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that the Board would
not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
the Board's fiscal years covered by such review, the
Board shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
Page  6
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "current assets" means cash,
                   all assets which could in the ordinary
                   course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including
                   accounts receivable, marketable
                   securities, inventories and pre-paid
                   expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next
                   fiscal year.
           (ii)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable
                   or could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                   in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
          (iii)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and
                   interest and other charges on, debt.
           (iv)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at
                   the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate
                   of exchange acceptable to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of the Board thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance
                  with its terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of
                  this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Board of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
Page  7
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
               INDEVAS                        248423 (RCA)
               Washington, D.C.                82987 (FTCC)
                                               64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
      For the Board:
            Ceylon Electricity Board
            P.O. Box 540
            Colombo
            Sri Lanka
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   KILOWATTS                  21368 KILOWATTS CE
                   Colombo
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the Board may
be taken or executed by its Chairman or such other person
or persons as the Board shall designate in writing, and
the Board shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Jochen Kraske
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                         CEYLON ELECTRICITY BOARD
Page  8
                         By /s/ Susantha de Alwis
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Part B of the Project shall be procured under turn-
key contracts providing for the supply and erection of
the transmission lines, related substations and
compensation equipment.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Sri Lanka may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:      Other Procurement Procedures
      (a)   Contracts for civil works and erection services
under Part A of the Project up to an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $3,600,000; and
      (b)   Items or groups of items for Part A of the
Project up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $100,000;
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
Page  9
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:   Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist in carrying out the Project, the
Board shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall
be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    The Board shall take all measures necessary to
ensure that on and after December 31, 1991, total dues
for electricity supplied by the Board shall not exceed
three months' billing.
2.    For the purposes of self insurance of its assets,
the Board shall, within eleven months of the end of its
fiscal year, deposit its annual provision to the
insurance reserve in an insurance escrow account with an
independent financial institution.
3.    The Board shall:
      (a)   by November 30, 1991 furnish to the Association
a staff training program; and
      (b)   implement the staff training program
satisfactory to the Association.
