Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2879 IND
                   Project Agreement
       (Industrial Energy Conservation Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
      PERSEROAN TERBATAS KONSERVASI ENERGI ABADI
                Dated November 9, 1987
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2879 IND
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 9, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and PERSEROAN TERBATAS KONSERVASI ENERGI ABADI
(KONEBA).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower)
and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to twenty-one million dollars ($21,000,000), on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only
on condition that KONEBA agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and KONEBA, part of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be made available to KONEBA, on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS KONEBA, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Page  2
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. KONEBA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part A of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial and engineering practices, and shall provide,
or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for
Part A of the Project.
     Section 2.02, Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Part A of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. KONEBA shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of this Agreement and Part A of
the Project.
     Section 2.04. KONEBA shall duly perform all its
obligations under the KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, KONEBA shall
not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision
thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) KONEBA shall, at the request of
the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of Part A of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the KONEBA
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  KONEBA shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Part A of the Project, the accomplishment
of the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by KONEBA
of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
          Management and Operations of KONEBA
     Section 3.01. KONEBA shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and engineering practices under
the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. KONEBA shall at all times operate and
maintain its equipment and other property, and from time
to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering and financial practices.
     Section 3.03. KONEBA shall take out and maintain
Page  3
with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) KONEBA shall establish, by
December 31, 1987, and thereafter maintain, records and
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  KONEBA shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited;
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, KONEBA shall not incur any debt after December 31,
1988, unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and
expenditures of KONEBA shows that the estimated net
revenues of KONEBA for each fiscal year during the term
of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times
the estimated debt service requirements of KONEBA in such
year on all debt of KONEBA including the debt to be
incurred; provided, however, that for the fiscal year
1989, the estimated net revenues of KONEBA shall be at
least 1.3 times the estimated debt service requirements
of KONEBA in such year on all debt of KONEBA including
the debt to be incurred.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               KONEBA maturing by its terms more than
               one year after the date on which it is
               originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
Page  4
               has been entered into.
          (iii)     The term net revenues means the
                    difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations and net
                    non-operating income; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations including administration,
                    adequate maintenance, taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, but
                    excluding provision for
                    depreciation, other non-cash
                    operating charges and interest and
                    other charges on debt.
          (iv) The term net non-operating income means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (v)  The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vi) The term "reasonable forecast" means a
               forecast prepared by KONEBA not earlier
               than twelve months prior to the
               incurrence of the debt in question, which
               both the Bank and KONEBA accept as
               reasonable and as to which the Bank has
               notified KONEBA of its acceptability,
               provided that no event has occurred since
               such notification which has, or may
               reasonably be expected in the future to
               have, a material adverse effect on the
               financial condition or future operating
               results of KONEBA.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, KONEBA shall not incur any debt, if after the
incurrence of such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall
be greater than 60 to 40.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               KONEBA maturing by its terms more than
               one year after the date on which it is
               originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into.
          (iii)     The term "equity" means the sum of
Page  5
                    the total unimpaired paid-up
                    capital, retained earnings and
                    reserves of KONEBA not allocated to
                    cover specific liabilities.
     Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, KONEBA shall maintain a ratio of current assets to
current liabilities of not less than 1.1 until December
31, 1988, of not less than 1.2 from January 1, 1989 to
December 31, 1991, and of not less than 1.3 thereafter.
     (b)  Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years,
KONEBA shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by
KONEBA and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it
would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year
and shall furnish to the Bank the results of such review
upon its completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that KONEBA would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
KONEBA's fiscal years covered by such review, KONEBA
shall promptly take all necessary measures (including,
without limitation, adjustments of the structure or
levels of its rates) in order to meet such requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "current assets" means cash, all
               assets which could in the ordinary course
               of business be converted into cash within
               twelve months, including accounts
               receivable, marketable securities,
               inventories and pre-paid expenses
               properly chargeable to operating expenses
               within the next fiscal year.
          (ii) The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
          (iii)     The term "debt service requirements"
                    means the aggregate amount of
                    repayments (including sinking fund
                    payments, if any) of, and interest
                    and other charges on, debt.
     Section 4.05. Whenever for the purposes of Sections
4.02, 4.03 and 4.04 of this Agreement, it shall be
necessary to value, in terms of the currency of the
Borrower, debt payable in another currency, such
valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the absence of
such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable
to the Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
Page  6
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of KONEBA thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify KONEBA thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreements
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA) or
                                      64145 (WUI)
     For KONEBA:
          P.T. KONEBA
          c/o P.T. PUSRI
          Jalan Taman Anggrek
          Kemanggisan Jaya
          P.O. Box 2371
          Jakarta
          Indonesia
          Cable address:           Telex:
               c/o PUSRI             44249
               Jakarta               44460
                                     46223
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of KONEBA may be
taken or executed by its President Director or such other
person or persons as the President Director shall
designate in writing, and KONEBA shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
Page  7
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               P.T. KONSERVASI ENERGI ABADI
               By /s/ S. Soedaman
                              Authorized Representative
