Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2879 IND
                    Loan Agreement
       (Industrial Energy Conservation Project)
                        between
                 REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated November 9, 1987
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2879 IND
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 9, 1987, between REPUBLIC
OF INDONESIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  part of the Project will be carried out by
Perseroan Terbatas Konservasi Energi Abadi (KONEBA) with
the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to KONEBA
part of the proceeds of the Loan as provided in this
Agreement;
     (C)  part of the Project will be carried out by
Perseroan Terbatas Pupuk Sriwidjaja (PUSRI) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance,
the Borrower will make available to PUSRI part of the
proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreements of even date
herewith between the Bank and PUSRI and KONEBA,
respectively;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
Page  2
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "KONEBA Project Agreement" means the agreement
between the Bank and P.T. Konservasi Energi Abadi of even
date herewith, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the KONEBA Project Agreement;
     (b)  "PUSRI Project Agreement" means the agreement
between the Bank and Perseroan Terbatas Pupuk Sriwidjaja
of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the PUSRI Project Agreement;
     (c)  "KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
KONEBA pursuant to Section 3.02 of this Agreement, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the KONEBA Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
     (d)  "PUSRI Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
PUSRI pursuant to Section 3.03 of this Agreement, as the
same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the PUSRI Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty one million dollars
($21,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Borrower and the Bank, for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1993 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount o\1a
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
Page  3
each Interest Period equal to one-half percent per annum
above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
KONEBA and PUSRI to perform in accordance with the
provisions of  the KONEBA and PUSRI Project Agreements,
respectively, all the obligations of KONEBA and PUSRI
therein set forth, shall take or cause to be taken all
action, including the provision of funds, facilities,
services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to
enable KONEBA and PUSRI to perform such obligations, and
shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
would prevent or interfere with such performance.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall relend part of
the proceeds of the Loan to KONEBA under a subsidiary
loan agreement to be entered into between the Borrower
and KONEBA, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Bank which shall include the
following:
          (i)  interest shall be payable at a rate of
               13.5% per annum on the principal amount
               of the subsidiary loan withdrawn and
               outstanding from time to time; and
          (ii) the subsidiary loan shall be repaid over
               a period of fifteen years, including a
               grace period of five years.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
Page  4
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the KONEBA Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall relend part of
the proceeds of the Loan to PUSRI under a subsidiary loan
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
PUSRI, under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Bank which shall include the following:
          (i)  interest shall be payable at a rate of
               13.5% per annum on the principal amount
               of the subsidiary loan withdrawn and
               outstanding from time to time;
          (ii) the subsidiary loan shall be repaid over
               a period of ten years, including a grace
               period of four years.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the PUSRI Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the PUSRI Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.05. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part A of the
Project, shall be carried out by KONEBA pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the KONEBA Project Agreement, and in
respect of Part B of the Project, shall be carried out by
PUSRI pursuant to Section 2.03 of the PUSRI Project
Agreement.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower shall, for purposes of
Part A of the Project, maintain the Board of
Commissioners, with powers and responsibilities
satisfactory to the Bank, consisting of representatives
from the Borrower's Ministry of Mines and Energy, from
PUSRI and from other shareholders of KONEBA, and such
other representatives as the Borrower may from time to
time select, to give policy guidance to KONEBA.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
Page  5
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Bank has received the
               audit report for the fiscal year in which
               the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
               was made; and
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year
               the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested, including a separate opinion
               by said auditors as to whether the
               statements of expenditure submitted
               during such fiscal year, together with
               the procedures and internal controls
               involved in their preparation, can be
               relied upon to support the related with-
               drawals; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records
                    and accounts and the audit thereof
                    as the Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
                       ARTICLE V
                    Other Covenants
     Section 5.01. During any period in which the price
or distribution of fertilizer in the Republic of
Indonesia is controlled by the Borrower, or any of its
agencies or instrumentalities, the Borrower shall not
take any action with respect to fertilizer sold in the
Republic of Indonesia which would prevent PUSRI,
operating efficiently, from earning a reasonable return,
after taxes, on its assets (except fixed assets not yet
in service).
                      ARTICLE VI
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  KONEBA shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the KONEBA Project Agreement.
     (b)  PUSRI shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the PUSRI Project Agreement.
     (c)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
KONEBA will be able to perform its obligations under the
Page  6
KONEBA Project Agreement.
     (d)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
PUSRI will be able to perform its obligations under the
PUSRI Project Agreement.
     (e)  KONEBA's Charter, dated January 28, 1987, shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of KONEBA to perform any of its obligations under
the KONEBA Project Agreement.
     (f)  PUSRI's Charter, as amended on July 20, 1984,
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed
or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of PUSRI to perform any of its obligations under
the PUSRI Project Agreement.
     (g)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of KONEBA or for the
suspension of its operations.
     (h)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of PUSRI or for the
suspension of its operations.
     Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (b)
of Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall
continue for a period of sixty days after notice thereof
shall have been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (e), (f),
(g) and (h) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall
occur.
                      ARTICLE VII
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 7.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and KONEBA; and
     (b)  the PUSRI Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and PUSRI.
     Section 7.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the KONEBA Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by KONEBA, and is legally binding
upon KONEBA in accordance with its terms;
     (b)  that the PUSRI Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by PUSRI, and is legally binding
upon PUSRI in accordance with its terms:
     (c)  that the KONEBA Subsidiary Loan Agreement has
Page  7
been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and
KONEBA and is legally binding upon the Borrower and
KONEBA in accordance with its terms; and
     (d)  that the PUSRI Subsidiary Loan Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and
PUSRI and is legally binding upon the Borrower and PUSRI
in accordance with its terms.
     Section 7.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                     ARTICLE VIII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 8.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          c/o Director General for
            International Monetary Affairs
          Jalan Lapangan Banteng Timur 2-4
          Jakarta, Indonesia
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINISTRY FINANCE           DJMLN JKT 45799
               Jakarta               DITJMON JKT 46415
                                     DEPKEU JKT 44319
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA
               By /s/ S. Soedarman
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  8
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ A. Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Loan Allocated       % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category         Dollar Equivalent)to be Financed
(1)    Equipment, mate-                 100% of foreign
   rials and spare                      expenditures,
   parts:                               95% of local
                                        expenditures
                                        (ex-factory
                                        cost) and 65%
                                        of local expen-
                                        ditures for other
                                        items procured
                                        locally
   (a) Part A of          300,000
       the Project
   (b) Part B of        6,600,000
       the Project
(2)    Consultants'     1,750,000       100%
   services under
   Part A of the
   Project
(3)    Training under     250,000       100%
   Part A of the
   Project
(4)    Engineering      6,000,000       100%
   services
   (including
   royalties and
   license fees)
   under Part B
   of the Project
(5)    Studies and      1,700,000       100%
   energy audits
   under Part A
   of the Project
(6)    Unallocated      4,400,000
       TOTAL           21,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Page  9
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement,
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $1,000,000, may be made in
respect of Categories (2) and (4) on account of payments
made for expenditures before that date but after January
1, 1986.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are (i) to assist the
Borrower in establishing the institutional framework and
the policies for planning, promoting, coordinating,
implementing and monitoring energy conservation
activities, and (ii) to demonstrate the benefits of
energy conservation in industry through the carrying out
of energy efficiency schemes in large fertilizer plants.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:   KONEBA
1.   Preparation of publications, dissemination of
information and carrying out of a comprehensive
promotional campaign related to energy conservation.
2.   Design, organization and carrying out of a national
energy survey and establishment of a national energy data
base.
3.   Organization, initiation and supervision of energy
audits and feasibility studies in priority industries
(e.g. fertilizers, textiles, sugar, pulp and paper).
4.   Development and carrying out of training programs
for the staff of KONEBA and for industrial energy
managers.
5.  Preparation of subsector energy manuals.
Part B:   PUSRI
     Modification and upgrading of existing equipment and
acquisition and installation of new equipment in the
PUSRI II, III and IV ammonia plants which will reduce by
at least 10% the energy consumption per ton of ammonia
produced by said plants, and which will increase the
effective production capacity of said plants by at least
120% of their respective design capacity.
                        *  *  *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1992.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
Page  10
Date Payment Due                        (Expressed in
dollars)*
On each March 15 and September 15
     beginning March 15, 1993
     through  September 15, 2007             700,000
_______________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                              The interest rate
                              (expressed as a
                              percentage per annum)
                              applicable to the balance
                              outstanding on the Loan
                              on the day of prepayment
                              multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.15
     before maturity
More than three years but                    0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                      0.55
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity
More than 11 years but                       0.80
     not more than 16 years
     before maturity
More than 16 years but                       0.90
     not more than 18 years
     before maturity
More than 18 years before                    1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  11
Part A.   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B.   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Indonesia may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C.   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $1,400,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of bids invited from a list of at least three
qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections I
and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9,
2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.   Civil works may be procured under contracts awarded
in accordance with the Borrower's local competitive
bidding procedures in effect as of the date of this
Agreement.
3.   Equipment proprietary to the process design, up to
an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$2,000,000, may be procured from original suppliers
through direct contracting on terms and conditions
acceptable to the Bank.
Part D.   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitation to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more,
and each contract for civil works, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c)(ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist KONEBA in carrying out Part A of
Page  12
the Project and PUSRI in carrying out Part B of the
Project, KONEBA and PUSRI, respectively, shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
