Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3684 PE
                         Project Agreement
        (Social Development and Compensation Fund Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
        FONDO NACIONAL DE COMPENSACION Y DESARROLLO SOCIAL
                      Dated December 22, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3684 PE
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 22, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and FONDO NACIONAL DE
COMPENSACION Y DESARROLLO SOCIAL (FONCODES).
      WHEREAS by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Republic of Peru (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to One hundred million dollars ($100,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that FONCODES agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS FONCODES, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
Page  2
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) FONCODES declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, with the
participation of the Executing Entities, Small Enterprises and the
Intermediary Entities, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering
and environmental practices and the Operational Manual, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the provisions in
paragraph (a) above, FONCODES shall:
            (i)    enter into agreements, under terms and
                   conditions satisfactory to the Bank, with
                   Executing Entities for purposes of the carrying
                   out of Community-based Subprojects,  such
                   agreements to include the terms and conditions
                   set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement;
            (ii)   enter into agreements, under terms and
                   conditions satisfactory to the Bank, with
                   Intermediary Entities for purposes of making
                   loans to Small Enterprises for the carrying out
                   of Small Enterprise Subprojects;
          (iii)    cause each Intermediary Entity to enter into
                   agreements, under terms and conditions
                   satisfactory to the Bank, with Small Enterprises
                   providing for loans to finance Small Enterprise
                   Subprojects, such agreements to include the
                   terms and conditions set forth in the Schedule
                   to this Agreement; and
           (iv)    exercise its rights in relation to each
                   Subproject in such a manner as to: (A) protect
                   the interests of the Bank, the Borrower and
                   FONCODES; (B) comply with its obligations under
                   this Agreement; and (C) achieve the purposes of
                   the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. FONCODES shall carry out, or cause to be carried
out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) FONCODES shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the Program
and the Project; the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, each Subproject Agreement and Fiduciary Agreement; the
performance of the Executing Entities, Small Enterprises and the
Intermediary Entities under their respective Subproject Agreements
and Fiduciary Agreements; and other matters relating to the purposes
of the Loan.
      (b)   FONCODES shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
Page  3
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by FONCODES of its obligations under this Agreement.
      (c)   FONCODES shall, not later than March 1 and September 1
of each year of Project execution, starting on September 1, 1994,
prepare and submit to the Bank progress reports, of such scope and
detail as the Bank may reasonably request, on the progress achieved
in the implementation of the Project on the basis of the Monitoring
Indicators and Targets.
      Section 2.05. Without limitation or restriction to the
provisions of Section 2.04 of this Agreement, FONCODES shall:
      (a)   not later than June 30, 1995, hold a mid-term review
with the Borrower and the Bank on the progress made in carrying out
the Program and the Project with special emphasis on the following
matters: (i) impact of the Subprojects; (ii) success in the
targeting of Subprojects to the poorest areas and populations; (iii)
performance by FONCODES in the selection and supervision of
Subprojects; and (iv) quality of FONCODES' portfolio. In assessing
progress made in the carrying out of the Program and the Project,
the Bank shall utilize, inter alia, the Monitoring Indicators and
Targets; and
      (b)   without limitation or restriction to any of the Bank's
rights under the Loan Agreement, if as a result of the above mid-
term review, progress in the implementation, or in the achievement
of the objectives, of the Program or the Project is not satisfactory
to the Bank, FONCODES shall promptly take all such action, satis-
factory to the Bank, as shall be required to achieve such objectives
or to efficiently implement the Program and the Project.
      Section 2.06. FONCODES shall:
      (a)   carry out Part A of the Project in accordance with the
Operational Manual;
      (b)   without limitation to the above paragraph (a), refrain
from providing any kind of loan guarantees;
      (c)   ensure that the aggregate amount of funds committed to
the financing of loans for Small Enterprise Subprojects shall, at
all times, be 10% or less of the aggregate amount of funds committed
by FONCODES to the financing of loans and grants for Subprojects at
the time in question; and
      (d)   carry out Part B of the Project in accordance with a
program satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.07. FONCODES shall retain, not later than June 30,
1994, the services of an independent entity, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank, for purposes of carrying out
impact evaluations of Subprojects which have been completed.
      Section 2.08. FONCODES shall perform all its obligations, and
exercise all its rights, under the Subsidiary Agreement, Fiduciary
Agreements and Subproject Agreements in such manner as to protect
the interests of FONCODES, the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, FONCODES shall not amend, abrogate, assign, waive,
or fail to enforce the Subsidiary Agreement or the Fiduciary
Agreements, or any provision thereof, and shall not amend, waive or
fail to enforce any Subproject Agreement, or any provision thereof,
if such amendment, waiver or failure to enforce would result in a
violation of any of the provisions of Section 2.01 (b) of this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of FONCODES
Page  4
      Section 3.01. FONCODES shall:
      (a)   carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial and environmental
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers;
      (b)   without limitation or restriction to the provisions in
paragraph (a) above, maintain an executive director, general manager
and line managers with experience and qualifications acceptable to
the Bank; and
      (c)   maintain the salaries of all FONCODES managers and
professional staff at competitive market levels.
      Section 3.02. FONCODES shall at all times operate and maintain
its facilities, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
administrative practices.
      Section 3.03. FONCODES shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) FONCODES shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition including records and
separate accounts for the Project.
      (b)   FONCODES shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested and
                   including an assessment of the adequacy of
                   internal controls to minimize the possibility of
                   misuse of funds or other improprieties; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
4.01 of this Agreement, FONCODES shall: (a) have an adequate sample
of Subprojects, selected in accordance with criteria satisfactory to
the Bank, audited by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank and
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, every semester
during the execution of the Project; such audit to include a review
of the procurement procedures and documentation related to the
selected Subprojects; and (b) furnish to the Bank, not later than
two months after the end of each such semester, the report of such
audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
shall have reasonably requested.
Page  5
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of FONCODES thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify FONCODES thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For FONCODES:
            Fondo Nacional de Compensacion
              y Desarrollo Social
            Calle Belen 1038
            Lima,
            Peru
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of FONCODES, or by FONCODES on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by its
Executive Director or such other person or persons as the Executive
Director shall designate in writing, and FONCODES shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
Page  6
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         FONDO NACIONAL DE COMPENSACION
                           Y DESARROLLO SOCIAL
                         By /s/ Ricardo V. Luna
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Terms and Conditions of
                       Subproject Agreements
              (Section 2.01 of the Project Agreement)
      Without limitation upon any of the obligations of FONCODES set
forth in the Project Agreement, FONCODES shall ensure that all
Subproject Agreements include provisions adequate to protect the
interests of the Bank, FONCODES and, in the appropriate case, the
Intermediary Entity, including:
      (a)   the requirements that the Executing Entity or Small
Enterprise (i) carry out the Subproject with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with the Operational Manual and sound
technical, financial, environmental and managerial practices; and
(ii)  maintain adequate records and accounts;
      (b)   in the case of Small Enterprise Subprojects, the
requirement that Small Enterprises repay the loan in accordance with
the financial terms and conditions set forth in the Operational
Manual;
      (c)   the requirements that: (i) the goods, works and services
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement;
and (ii) such goods, works and services shall be used exclusively
for the Subproject in question;
      (d)   the right to inspect, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Bank, if the Bank so requests, such goods and
the sites, works, plants and construction included in the Subproject
in question, the operation thereof, and any relevant records and
documents;
      (e)   the right to obtain all such information as the Bank,
FONCODES or the Intermediary Entity shall reasonably request
relating to the foregoing and to the administration and operation of
the Subproject and to the benefits to be derived therefrom;
      (f)   the requirement that the Executing Entity or Small
Enterprise retain, prior to the execution of the relevant
Subproject, an inspector with qualifications and experience
acceptable to FONCODES, for purposes of monitoring the proper
execution and completion of the relevant Subproject in accordance
with the provisions of the Operational Manual; and
Page  7
      (g)   the right to suspend or terminate the right of the
Executing Entity or Small Enterprise to use the proceeds of the Loan
upon failure by such Executing Entity or Small Enterprise to comply
with its respective obligations under the Subproject Agreement.
