Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                       SIDA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2310 KE
                  (Health Rehabilitation Project)
                             between
                       THE REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                               and
              INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 as Administrator of Grant Funds
                         Provided by the
          SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                   Dated September 18, 1992
                       SIDA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2310 KE
                      SIDA GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 18, 1992, between THE REPUBLIC OF
KENYA (the Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION,
as Administrator (the Administrator) of Grant Funds Provided by the
SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (SIDA).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Recipient has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and SIDA in
eathe financing of the Health Rehabilitation Project (the Project)
referred to in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement (No.
2310-KE) dated December 11, 1991, between the Recipient and the
Association (the Development Credit Agreement);
      (B)   the Association has granted a Credit for this purpose on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement;
      (C)   SIDA wishes to make available to the Recipient a grant
in an amount up to two million four hundred fifty-six Swedish kronor
(SKr 2,456,000) (the SIDA Grant) to assist the Recipient in carrying
out part of the Project on the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth;
Page  2
      (D)   pursuant to a administration agreement, dated       ,
between SIDA and the Association, SIDA has requested the Associa-
tion, and the Association has agreed, to administer the SIDA Grant
in accordance with the provisions of such agreement; and
      (E)   the Recipient acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to the Recipient under an agreement (the SIDA Grant
Agreement) shall be considered as part of the bilateral development
aid extended by SIDA to the Recipient;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                 General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements", dated January 1, 1985 (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement, subject,
however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association, acting
as Administrator of the SIDA Grant, pursuant to the arrangements
between SIDA and the Association referred to in the Preamble to this
Agreement, except in the phrase "member of the Association" in
Section 2.01 (5) and Section 6.02 (e);
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", wherever used
in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", wherever used in the General Condi-
tions, means the SIDA Grant extended to the Recipient under this
Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", wherever used in the General
Conditions, shall be amended to read "SIDA Grant Account";
      (e)   Section 4.01 shall be modified to read:
                 "Section 4.01. Withdrawals from the SIDA Grant
            Account shall be made in Swedish kronor; provided,
            however, that, if the expenditures to be financed out of
            the proceeds of the SIDA Grant have been paid or are
            payable in another currency, the Administrator shall, at
            the request of the Recipient and at the time of a
            withdrawal from the SIDA Grant Account, purchase such
            currency with the proceeds of such withdrawal."
      (f)   in Section 6.02, the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting in its own
capacity;
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose between the Recipient and the Administrator, the
            Recipient shall prepare and furnish to the Administrator
            a report of such scope and in such detail, as the
            Administrator shall reasonably request, on the execution
            of the Project referred to in the Preamble to the SIDA
            Grant Agreement, the performance by the Recipient and
            the Administrator of their respective obligations under
            the SIDA Grant Agreement, and the accomplishment of the
            purposes of the SIDA Grant.";
      (h)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04,
4.05, 4.06, 6.02 (a), 6.02 (c), 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and
12.05 are deleted; and
Page  3
      (i)   the term "Borrower", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the Recipient.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions, the Preamble to this Agreement and the Development
Credit Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
herein, a grant in an amount of up to two million four hundred
fifty-six Swedish kronor (SKr 2,456,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the SIDA Grant may be withdrawn
from the SIDA Grant Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement as such Schedule may be amended from
time to time by agreement between the Recipient and the
Administrator.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, contracts for services to be financed out of the proceeds of
the SIDA Grant shall be procured in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement, which is hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as
if it were fully set forth herein. The references to the Association
in said Schedule are deemed to be references to the Association
acting as Administrator of the SIDA Grant.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any services is inconsistent with the
procedures set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no
expenditures for any such item shall be financed out of the proceeds
of the SIDA Grant, and the Administrator may, by notice to the
Recipient, without in any way restricting or limiting any other
right, power or remedy of the Administrator under this Agreement,
cancel such amount of the SIDA Grant as, in the Administrator's
reasonable opinion, represents the amount of such expenditures which
would otherwise have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds
of the SIDA Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1992, or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Recipient of such later
date.
                           ARTICLE III
                    Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
Articles III and IV of the Development Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as
if they were fully set forth herein. All references to the Associa-
tion in said Articles are deemed to be references to the
Administrator of the SIDA Grant under this Agreement; all references
to the Credit and the Credit Account are deemed to be references to
the SIDA Grant and the SIDA Grant Account, respectively, and all
references to the Borrower are deemed to be references to the
Recipient.
                           ARTICLE IV
               Representation; Transfer of Rights
                         and Obligations
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Recipient shall
be the representative of the Recipient for the purposes of Sec-
tion 11.03 of the General Conditions.
Page  4
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Recipient:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30007
            Nairobi,
            Kenya
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINANCE                   22921
                  Nairobi                   MINFIN-KE
      For the Administrator:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                   Telex:
                 INDEVAS                        248423 (RCA)
                 Washington, D.C.                64145 (WUI)
                                                197688 (TRT) or
                                                 82987 (FTCC)
      Section 4.03. In accordance with the agreement referred to in
the Preamble to this Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to SIDA. The
Recipient accepts and agrees that, upon notice to that effect by the
Administrator to the Recipient, SIDA shall, ipso facto, from the
date specified in such notice, be substituted in all rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement as if SIDA had
been an original party to this Agreement, without any further action
or formality required on the part of any party, and, from such date,
the Administrator shall cease to have any rights or obligations as
a party under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE V
                   Effectiveness; Termination
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into effect on the
date on which it is signed, and it shall continue in effect until
the SIDA Grant has been fully disbursed and the parties to this
Agreement have fulfilled their obligations hereunder.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                        THE REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                        By /s/ Denis D. Afande
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        as Administrator of Grant Funds
                        Provided by the
                        SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Page  5
                        AUTHORITY
                        By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                             SCHEDULE
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the SIDA Grant, the allocation of
the amounts of the SIDA Grant to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                     SIDA Credit
                               Allocated             % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SKr Equivalent)     to be Financed
     Consultants'              2,456,000        100%
     services
                               _________
     TOTAL                     2,456,000
                               =========
