Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
            SIDA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2310-KE
                       Agreement
                        between
    THE SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
            (Health Rehabilitation Project)
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          for
          the Administration of Certain Funds
               to be made available by
    THE SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                  Dated June 30, 1992
                       AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT dated as of June 30, 1992, between the
SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (hereinafter
referred to as SIDA) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (hereinafter referred to as the Association)
for the administration by the Association of certain
funds to be made available by SIDA to the Republic of
Kenya (hereinafter referred to as Kenya).
     WHEREAS (A) SIDA wishes to make available to Kenya
a grant (hereinafter referred to as the Grant) in an
aggregate amount equivalent to two million four hundred
and fifty-six thousand Swedish Kronor (SEK 2,456,000) to
assist Kenya in the financing of the Health
Rehabilitation Project; and
     (B)  the Association has agreed to administer the
Grant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth
and in a grant agreement (the Grant Agreement) to be
subsequently entered into by the Association and Kenya;
Page  2
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
              Administration of the Funds
     Section 1.01. For the purpose of this Agreement SIDA
shall deposit an amount of Swedish Kronor two million
four hundred and fifty-six (SEK 2,456,000) into a
"T" Account maintained by the Association with the
Sveriges Riksbank (hereinafter referred to as the Trust
Account). The Grant funds in the Trust Account shall be
kept separate and apart from the funds of the Association
and the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development. The Grant funds may be comingled with other
trust fund assets maintained in the Trust Account.
     Section 1.02. SIDA hereby appoints the Association
as administrator of the Grant and authorizes the
Association to:
     (a)  disburse the proceeds of the Grant to Kenya to
finance consultants' services for the development of
health personnel planning and of a long-term strategy for
education and training of health personnel under the
Health Rehabilitation Project, in accordance with the
provisions hereof and the Grant Agreement; and
     (b)  do any and all such acts and things as may be
necessary or appropriate to fully accomplish the
foregoing. Disbursements of funds from the Trust Account
attributable to the Grant shall be effected on the basis
of withdrawal applications for expenditures submitted by
Kenya to the Association in accordance with the
Association's applicable procedures for withdrawal of
proceeds of credits made by the Association.
     Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions hereunder as
it exercises with respect to the administration and
management of its own affairs and shall have no further
responsibility to SIDA in respect thereof.
     Section 1.04. In order to assist in the defrayment
of the costs of the administration and other expenses
incurred by the Association under this Agreement, the
Association may invest the Grant funds held in the Trust
Account and retain for its own account the income from
such investment.
     Section 1.05. The administration and enforcement of
any provisions of any agreement entered into between the
Association and Kenya will be the responsibility solely
of the Association and will be carried out in accordance
with the Association's normal procedures.
                      ARTICLE II
                   Records, Accounts
     Section 2.01. The Association shall maintain
separate records and ledger accounts of the Grant
withdrawn from the Trust Account, and furnish SIDA
quarterly statements thereon.
                      ARTICLE III
                     Consultation
     Section 3.01. The Association will keep SIDA
informed of the progress of activities funded under this
Page  3
Agreement by providing copies of any monitoring reports
and studies. Opportunity to participate in discussions or
workshops arising from the above activities will be
provided in a timely manner to representatives of SIDA,
subject to the consent of Kenya.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness, Termination
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon signature by the parties.
     Section 4.02. The arrangement covered by this
Agreement may be terminated by either party upon three
(3) months prior notice thereof in writing. Upon such
termination, unless the parties hereto agree on another
course of action: (a) any agreement entered into between
the Association, consultants, and/or third parties shall
not be affected by the termination and the Association
shall be entitled to continue withdrawals from the T-
Account in respect of such agreements as if this
arrangement had not been so terminated; and (b) any
balance in the T-Account shall be returned to SIDA and
the Association's functions pursuant hereto shall be
considered terminated. Promptly after termination, the
Association shall furnish to SIDA a final report and a
financial statement of the T-Account.
                       ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or mail, telephone, cable,
telex or rapidfax to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified
are:
     For SIDA:
          Swedish International Development Authority
          S-105-25 Stockholm
          Sweden
     For IDA:
          Population and Human Resources Division
          Country Department 2
          Africa Region
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names as of the day and year first above written.
               SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
Page  4
               By /s/ C. B. Lostelius
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Stephen O'Brien
                              Authorized Representative
