Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1824 UG
             Development Credit Agreement
           (Forestry Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
                THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated July 6, 1987
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1824 UG
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 6, 1987, between THE REPUBLIC
OF UGANDA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself
as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested
the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project;
     (B)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the
European Development Fund (EDF), a grant (the EDF Grant)
in an amount equivalent to seven million dollars
($7,000,000) to assist in financing Parts A and C (i)
through (v) of the Project, on the terms and conditions
set forth in an agreement (the EDF Grant Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and EDF;
     (C)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the Danish
International Development Agency (DANIDA) a grant (the
DANIDA Grant) in an amount equivalent to seven million
five hundred thousand dollars ($7,500,000) to assist in
financing Part B (i), (ii), (iv), (v) and (vi) of the
Project, on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the DANIDA Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and DANIDA;
Page  2
     (D)  the Borrower intends to obtain from CARE a
grant (the CARE Grant) in an amount equivalent to one
hundred eighty thousand dollars ($180,000) to assist in
financing Part B (iii) of the Project, on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the CARE Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
CARE;
     (E)  the Borrower intends to obtain from the United
Nations Development Programme (UNDP) a grant (the UNDP
Grant) in an amount equivalent to one million four
hundred thousand dollars ($1,400,000) to assist in
financing Parts D (iv), E (v) and F (iii) and (iv) of the
Project, on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the UNDP Grant Agreement) to be entered into
between the Borrower and UNDP; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing to extend the Credit to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions), constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth, and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters dated, March
12, 1987, and April 3, 1987, between the Borrower and the
Association;
     (c)  "MAF" means the Borrower's Ministry of
Agriculture and Forestry;
     (d)  "Project Account" means the account referred to
in Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
     (e)  "FD" means the Forestry Department within MAF;
     (f)  "U Sh" means Uganda shillings, the currency of.
the
Borrower; and
     (g)  "Cofinancing Agreements" means, collectively,
the EDF Grant Agreement, the DANIDA Grant Agreement, the
CARE Grant Agreement and the UNDP Grant Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Page  3
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to ten million
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 10,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall,, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain a special account in dollars
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Promptly after the Effective Date, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and pay to itself the amount
required to repay the principal amount of the Project
Preparation Advance, withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date, and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1994, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge at the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time. The
commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty (60)
days after the date of the Development Credit Agreement
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be
withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account or
shall be cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid:
          (i)  at such places as the Association shall
               reasonably request;
          (ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed
               by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
               and
          (iii)     in the currency specified in Section
                    2.08 of this Agreement for the
                    purposes of Section 4.02 of the
                    General Conditions or in such other
                    eligible currency or currencies as
                    may from time to time be designated
                    or selected pursuant to the
                    provisions of that Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15
in each year.
Page  4
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Credit in semiannual installments payable
on each May 15 and November 15, commencing November 15,
1997, and ending May 15, 2037. Each installment to,
including the installment payable on May 15, 2007, shall
be one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be one and
one-half percent (1-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project through MAF with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate financial,
administrative, management, and forestry development and
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and, except as the Borrower
and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     (c)  Pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, the
Borrower shall open and maintain in the name of FD, until
the completion of the Project, an account in Uganda
shillings in a commercial bank and shall deposit therein
an initial amount of the Uganda shillings equivalent of
one hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($125,000).
Thereafter, the Borrower shall, at the beginning of each
quarter, deposit into such account the amount estimated
to be required by FD to cover its working capital
requirements for such quarter, which are not to be
covered by withdrawals from the Credit Account.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, for the purposes
of the Project, establish and maintain in operation a
Project Coordination Committee, with representation from
MAF and the Ministries of Finance, Planning and Economic
Development, Energy, and Environmental Protection.
     Section 3.04 The Borrower shall:
     (a)  take all measures necessary to adopt a policy
on forest resource management, acceptable to the
Association, by December 31, 1987; and
     (b)  promptly thereafter, but in any event not later
than June 30, 1988, take such legislative measures as may
be necessary to ensure that the provisions of the said
policy are consistent with the Borrower's laws.
     Section 3.05. Unless the Borrower and the
Page  5
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
take all Governmental action required to semiannually:
     (a)  review and, if,necessary, adjust royalties on
roundwood up to June 30, 1988, to ensure that such
royalties are equal to:
          (i)  8% of retail selling price of class I
               hardwood;
          (ii) 5% of retail selling price of class 2
               hardwood and cypress; and
         (iii) 4% of retail selling price of class
               3 softwood and hardwood;
     (b)  make increases in royalities on roundwood to
ensure that, with effect from December 31, 1988, such
royalties are maintained at a level equal to:
          (i)  15% of retail selling price of class 1
               hardwood;
          (ii) 10% of retail selling price of class 2
               hardwood and cypress; and
         (iii) 7% of retail selling price of class
               3 softwood and hardwood; and
     (c)  review and adjust the monthly license fees
levied on charcoal producers to ensure that such fees are
maintained at a level representing at least seven and
one-half percent (71%) of the retail value of their
average monthly charcoal production.
     Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall, by not later
than April 1, of each year, prepare and submit to the
Association, for its review and comments, work programs
covering the twelve-month period commencing on the
following July 1.
     (b)  Each work program shall set out detailed
proposals of the Borrower for carrying out the Project in
the period to which such work program relates.
     (c)  After review of, and comment on, each work
program by the Association, the Borrower shall make such
revisions to such work program as may be appropriate,
taking due regard of the comments emanating from the said
review and, except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, carry out the Project, in the year in question, on
the basis of such work program as so revised.
     Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, by September 30,
1988, take all measures necessary to ensure that all
forest harvesting licenses issued to mechanical and
chemical wood-using industries would include provision
for the use of such logging and milling equipment as
shall be necessary for operating their respective mills
in conformity with sound forest management practices.
     Section 3.08. Without any limitation or restriction
upon its obligations under Section 3.01 of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall furnish a detailed
assessment of the overall performance of the Project to
the Association, for its review and comments, by not
later than March 31, 1990. After review of the
assessment, the Borrower shall, with the approval of the
Association, make such changes in the Project
implementation procedures as are considered necessary to
ensure the achievement of the objectives of the Project.
Page  6
     Section 3.09. The Borrower shall take all reasonable
measures to ensure that the execution and operation of
the Project is carried out with due regard to ecological
and environmental factors consistent with its policy on
Forest Resource Management to be adopted pursuant to
Section 3.04 of this Agreement.
     Section 3.10. The Borrower shall take all measures
necessary to reinstate forest guards as members of the
regular staff of FD.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the operations, resources and expenditures, in respect of
the Project, of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any
part thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account
               and the Project Account for each fiscal
               year, audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by the said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning the
               said records, accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall from
               time to time reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               completion of the audit for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made, all records
               (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
               receipts and other documents) as evidence
               of such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
Page  7
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by the said auditors as
               to whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that:
     (a)  Subject to subparagraph (b) of this paragraph,
the right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds of any
grant made to the Borrower to finance the Project shall
have been suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or
in part, pursuant to the terms of the agreement providing
therefor;
     (b)  Subparagraph (a) of this paragraph shall not
apply if the Association establishes to the satisfaction
of the Association that:
          (i)  such suspension, cancellation or
               termination is not caused by the failure
               of the Borrower to perform any of its
               obligations under such agreement; and
          (ii) adequate funds for the Project are
               available to the Borrower from other
               sources on terms and conditions
               consistent with the obligations of the
               Borrower under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Special Account has been opened pursuant to
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  the Project Account has been opened pursuant to
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, and an initial amount
of the Uganda shillings equivalent of one hundred twenty-
five thousand dollars ($125,000) has been deposited
therein;
     (c)  the Borrower has reorganized FD and submitted
a staffing plan for FD pursuant to paragraph B of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (d)  the Cofinancing Agreements have been duly
signed on behalf of the respective parties thereto, and
all conditions (if any) precedent to the effectiveness of
such Agreements, except for the effectiveness of this
Agreement, have been fulfilled;
     (e)  the Borrower has established the Project
Coordination Committee pursuant to Section 3.03 of this
Agreement; and
Page  8
     (f)  the Borrower has reinstated forest guards as
members of FD pursuant to Section 3.10 of this Agreement.
     Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as the representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 8147
          Kampala, Uganda
          Cable address:           Telex:
               FINSEC                   61170
               Kampala
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
               By /s/ Elizabeth Bagaaya-Nyabongo
               Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
               Regional Vice President
               Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  9
1.   The table below sets f orth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Civil Works           960,000       100% of foreign
    under Parts D,                      expenditures and
    E and F of the                      90% of local
    Project                             expenditures
(2) Vehicles,           3,470,000       100% of foreign
    equipment and                       expenditures and
    materials under                     90% of local
    Parts D, E and                      expenditures
    F of the Project
(3) Technical           1,730,000       100%
    assistance and
    training under
    Parts C (vi),
    D and E (iv)
    of the Project
(4) Incremental         1,730,000       90% for with-
    recurrent costs                     drawals up to
    including staff                     an aggregate
    allowances under                    amount equivalent
    Parts D, E and F                    to SDR 400,000;
    of the Project                      70% for with-
                                        drawals exceeding
                                        an aggregate
                                        amount equivalent
                                        to SDR 400,000
                                        but not exceed-
                                        ing an aggregate
                                        amount equivalent
                                        to SDR 800,000;
                                        50% for with-
                                        drawals exceeding
                                        an aggregate
                                        amount equivalent
                                        to SDR 800,000
                                        but not exceeding
                                        an aggregate
                                        amount equivalent
                                        to SDR 1,200,000;
                                        and 30% for with-
                                        drawals exceeding
                                        an aggregate
                                        amount equivalent
                                        to SDR 1,200,000
                                        but not exceeding
                                        an aggregate
                                        amount equivalent
                                        to SDR 1,730,000
(5) Refunding of          980,000       Amount due under
    Project                             Section 2.02 (c)
    Preparation                         of this Agreement
    Advance
(6) Unallocated         1,130,000
   TOTAL               10,000,000
Page  10
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower;
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
and
     (c)  the term "staff allowances" means overnight and
safari day allowances paid by FD to staff to assist in
carrying out work programs included in the Project.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to:
     (a)  improve the management of the Borrower's forest
resources to meet domestic needs for timber, fuelwood and
other wood products on a sustained basis and management
of conservation forests to protect their ecological
systems; and
     (b)  increase the area and improve the management of
natural forests.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Plantations and Pilot Wood Farms:
In peri-urban areas:
          (i)  establishment of about 900 ha of
               eucalyptus plantations for demonstration
               purposes in gazetted forestry land;
          (ii) provision of seedlings for establishment
               by private farmers of about 1,000 ha for
               production, on a pilot basis, of fuelwood
               and poles;
         (iii) rehabilitation of about 50 kma of
               plantation roads; and
          (iv) construction of about 16 staff houses.
Part B:   Farm Forestry:
          (i)  establishment of nurseries in rural areas
               for an annual production of about 27
               million seedlings of multi-purpose
               species to be planted by farmers and non-
               governmental agencies;
          (ii) provision of extension services;
         (iii) provision of training and study
               tours for FD staff;
Page  11
          (iv) provision of fellowships and in-service
               training for FD staff and training for
               farmers;
          (v)  establishment of agro-forestry research
               and demonstration centers;
          (vi) provision of tools, equipment and
               materials to non-governmental agencies;
               and
         (vii) provision of technical assistance.
Part C:   Rehabilitation of Natural Forest Management
Through:
          (i)  redemarcation of about 1,350 kms of
               natural forest boundaries;
          (ii) rehabilitation of about 26,000 ha of
               natural forests through reforestation of
               about 17,000 ha of encroached forest and
               enrichment of about 9,000 ha of
               degenerated forest;
         (iii) provision of extension services for
               improved charcoal production;
          (iv) provision of improved logging management,
               establishment of detailed forest working
               plans, revenue collection and forest
               patrolling;
          (v)  increase of natural forest reserves from
               5% to 20%; and
          (vi) carrying out an inventory of standing
               timber and biomass in the natural forests
               and on the plantations.
Part D:   Rehabilitation of Softwood Plantations Through:
          (i)  rehabilitation of about 13,900 ha of
               softwood plantations;
          (ii) planting of about 2,750 ha;
         (iii) construction of about 30 kms of new
               roads and rehabilitation of about
               200 kms of existing roads;
          (iv) rehabilitation or construction of about
               35 staff houses;
          (v)  re-establishment of a fire-protection
               system; and
          (vi) provision of technical assistance and
               training in plantation management.
Part E:   Strengthening of FD Through:
          (i)  construction of FD's headquarters;
          (ii) construction of 16 staff houses and
               rehabilitation of about 30 staff houses;
         (iii) provision of transport, and forestry
               tools and equipment, for supervision
               of forestry activities;
          (iv) provision of technical assistance for
Page  12
               planning, procurement, financial
               management, and studies; and
          (v)  provision of technical assistance for
               research;
Part F:   Training:
          (i)  rehabilitation of Nyabyeya Forest College
               and of Nakawa sawmill;
          (ii) provision of vehicles and equipment;
         (iii) provision of training to forestry
               staff, farmers, sawmillers and
               logging operators; and
          (iv) study tours.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1994.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits", published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Uganda may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures:
1.   Building and road construction works may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Miscellaneous equipment, including office and field
equipment, and materials, including seeds, fertilizer and
polyethelene bags, may be procured under contracts
awarded through limited international bidding procedures
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited
from a list of at least three qualified suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guide-
lines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9. 2.55 and 2.56
thereof).
3.   Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$500,000,, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations solicited from a
list of at least three suppliers, eligible under the
Page  13
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association.
4.   Contracts f or spare parts for machinery, equipment
and vehicles may be procured by negotiated purchase with
the approval of the Association, in accordance with the
Borrower's procurement procedures which shall be
acceptable to the Association.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions:
1.   Review of invitations to bid, proposed awards and
final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments f or such
contracts are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract, required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d)
of Appendix 1 of the Guidelines, shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment
out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments f or such contracts are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of each
such contract, together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
paragraph 3, shall be furnished to the Association as
part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected, in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association, on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency", published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Implementation Program
A.   Project Coordination:
1.   The Borrower shall provide overall policy guidance
for all Project activities through the Project
Coordination Committee referred to in Section 3.03 of
this Agreement.
Page  14
     The Committee shall meet at least twice a year and
shall:
     (a)  review and make recommendations concerning any
policylevel issues which might affect the Project;
     (b)  ensure the coordination of Project
implementation between the donors and the various
ministries and agencies of the Borrower;
     (c)  set benchmarks for determining Project progress
and monitor the carrying out of the Project accordingly;
     (d)  identify the problems experienced during
Project execution and make changes, if necessary, in the
Project implementation procedures to ensure successful
implementation of the Project; and
     (e)  review and comment on the annual work program.
2.   The Borrower shall take all necessary measures to
ensure that appropriate arrangements are made for
carrying out Part B of the Project by CARE and FD. In
addition, the Borrower shall establish a coordinating
committee composed of representatives of FD, CARE and any
other entity coopted by MAF to assist, subject to overall
policy guidance of the Project Coordination Committee, in
carrying out the Project.
B.   Restructuring of FD
     In order to assist it in the carrying out of Part B
of the Project, the Borrower shall reorganize the
structure of FD. To this end, the organization chart and
staffing plan for FD shall include provision for three
Deputy Chief Forest Officers,
responsible for three units comprising planning and
administration, technical services, and research, eleven
Assistant Chief Forest Officers and ten Senior Forest
Officers.
C.   Project Management:
1.   The Chief Forest Officer of FD shall have overall
responsibility for Project implementation and shall be
assisted by an expert who shall act as Project
Coordinator.
2.   The Project Coordinator shall have the same powers
as those to be vested in Deputy Chief Forest Officers and
shall be responsible for Project planning and management.
3.   A team, including a Senior Planning Officer, a
Financial Controller, a Procurement Manager, a Building
Supervisor and a Monitoring and Evaluation Specialist,
shall assist the Project Coordinator. FD shall provide
counterpart staff to the Senior Planning Officer, the
Financial Controller and the Procurement Manager.
4.   Implementation of all Project forestry activities in
the field shall be the responsibility of Regional Forest
Officers.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories
1 to 4 set forth in the table in paragraph I of Schedule
Page  15
1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "Eligible Expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the Eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of $750,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant
to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
payments out of the Special Account shall be.made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received satisfactory
evidence that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw
from the Credit Account and deposit into the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Association shall specify. On the basis
of such requests, the Association shall withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such
amounts as shall be required to replenish the Special
Account with amounts not exceeding the amount of payments
made out of the Special Account for Eligible
Expenditures. All such, deposits shall be withdrawn by
the Association from the Credit Account under the
respective Eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been Justified by the
evidence supporting the request for such deposit
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to or at the time of such request, such documents
and other evidence as the Association shall reasonably
request, showing that such payment was made for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Association when either of
the following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Association shall have determined
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made by the Borrower directly from the
               Credit Account in accordance with the
               provisions of Article V of the General
               Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
               2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the
               Credit allocated to the Eligible
Page  16
               Categories, minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Association pursuant to
               Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
               with respect to the Project, shall be
               equal to the equivalent of twice the
               amount of the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the Eligible Categories of the Project shall
follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall
be made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for Eligible
Expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account:
          (i)  was made for any expenditure or in any
               amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph
               2 of this Schedule; or
          (ii) was not justified by the evidence
               furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
               Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly
               upon notice from the Association, deposit
               into the Special Account (or, if the
               Association shall so request, refund to
               the Association) an amount equal to the
               amount of such payment or the portion
               thereof not so eligible or justified. No
               further deposit by the Association into
               the Special Account shall be made until
               the Borrower has made such deposit or
               refund.
     (b)   If the Association shall have determined at
any time that any amount outstanding in the Special
Account will not be required to cover further payments
for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount to be credited to the
Credit Account.
