                                                           CONFORMED COPY




                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2081 MOZ




                       Development Credit Agreement


               (Industrial Enterprise Restructuring Project)


                                  between


                      PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE


                                    and


                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION




                          Dated February 7, 1990

                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2081 MOZ

                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT

      AGREEMENT, dated February 7, 1990, between PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF
MOZAMBIQUE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).

      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project;

      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Government of Italy1
(Italy) a grant (the Italian Grant) to assist in the financing of Part A of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
Italian Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and Italy;
and

      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;

      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                 ARTICLE I

                      General Conditions; Definitions

      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit

Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with the last
sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.

      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and
1     To be identified after completion of negotiations with the Government
      of Italy.

the following additional terms have the following meanings:

      (a)   "MIE" means the Ministry of Industry and Energy of the Borrower;

      (b)   "MOF" means the Ministry of Finance of the Borrower;

      (c)   "ERTU" means Enterprise Restructuring Technical Unit (Unidade
Tecnica para a Reorganizacao das Empresas), a unit of MOF established and
operating pursuant to Despacho issued by the Minister of Finance of the
Borrower dated February 19, 1988, and with the functions and staffing set
forth in paragraph 2 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement;

      (d)   "BM" means Bank of Mozambique (Banco de Mocambique), the Central
Bank of the Borrower;

      (e)   "Subsidiary Administration Agreement" means the agreement
entered into between the Borrower and BM pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;

      (f)   "Beneficiary Enterprise" or "BE" means any enterprise
constituted under Mozambican law selected by the Borrower in consultation
with the Association on the basis of its potential technical, economic and
financial viability to which BM: (i) proposes to make or has made a Sub-
loan, or (ii) has transferred an investment made by the Borrower;

      (g)   "Subproject" means a specific project to be carried out by an
existing BE utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan or Investment, as
hereinafter defined, fulfilling the conditions set forth in Part A of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement;

      (h)   "Sub-loan" means a loan or credit made, or proposed to be made,
by BM to a BE for a Subproject out of the equivalent of the proceeds of the
Credit made available to BM under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;

      (i)   "Sub-loan Agreement" means an agreement entered into between BM
and a BE, under which BM agrees to provide a Sub-loan to a BE, pursuant to
Section 3.01 (e) of this Agreement;

      (j)   "Investment" means an investment other than a Sub-loan,
transferred by BM to a BE on behalf of the Borrower, for a Subproject, out
of the equivalent of the proceeds of the Credit made available to BM under
the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;

      (k)   "Investment Agreement" means the agreement entered into between
a BE and BM, under which BM agrees, on behalf of the Borrower, to provide
funds to assist the BE in undertaking its respective financial
restructuring;

      (l)   "Rehabilitation Plan" means a technical plan prepared by an
enterprise applying to BM for a Sub-loan and/or an Investment to finance its
rehabilitation and financial restructuring program, in accordance with the
provisions of Part C.4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;

      (m)   "CREE" means Comissao de Relacoes Economicas Externas the
Commission for External Economic Relations, established and operating
pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 19/89 of the Borrower dated April 29,
1989;

      (n)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in Section 2.02
(b) of this Agreement;

      (o)   "Metical" and the plural "meticais" mean the currency of the
Borrower;

      (p)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project preparation
advances granted by the Association to the Borrower pursuant to an exchange
of letters dated December 12, 1987 and January 19, 1988, and May 30, 1989
and June 23, 1989, between the Borrower and the Association;

      (q)    "Interministerial Working Group" or "IWG" means the group
established by Despacho of the Minister of Finance of the Borrower dated
September 20, 1989, as set forth in paragraph 3 of Schedule 6 to this
Agreement; and

      (r)   "Fiscal Year" or "FY" means the Borrower's fiscal year which
runs from January 1 to December 31.

                                ARTICLE II

                                The Credit

      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Development Credit
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to forty million
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 40,000,000).

      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from .the
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to
be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.

      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in dollars a special account in a commercial bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and pay to itself
the amount required to repay the principal amount of the Project Preparation
Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid
charges thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.

      Section 2.03. BM is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken under
the provisions of Section 2.02 and Article V of the General Conditions.

      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.

      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from
time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each
year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per
annum.

      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty days
after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the respective dates
on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account
or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of June 30 immediately preceding
the accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in
each year shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.

      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places as the
Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind
imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General

Conditions or in such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time
to time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.

      Section 2.06. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time.

      Section 2.07. Commitment charges and service charges shall be payable
semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.

      Section 2.08. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-annual
installments payable on each May 15 and November 15 commencing May 15, 2000
and ending November 15, 2029. Each installment to and including the
installment payable on November 15, 2009 shall be one percent (1%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%)
of such principal amount.

      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per capita,
as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985
dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the
Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to
the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments under
paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of
each such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may
revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant element
obtained under the above-mentioned repayment modification.

      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's economic
condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform
to the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.

      Section 2.09. The currency of the United States of America is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.

                                ARTICLE III

                         Execution of the Project

      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out:

            (i)   Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project, through BM;

            (ii)  Parts B.1; B.2; B.3, B.4 (b) and B.5 of the Project,
                  through MOF; and

            (iii) Parts B.4 (a) of the Project, through MIE.

      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement.

      (c)   (i) The Borrower shall, out of the proceeds of the Credit, make
available to BM an amount equivalent to thirty-one million nine hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,900,000) for making Sub-loans to and
Investments in eligible BEs, on behalf of the Borrower, under a Subsidiary
Administration Agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and BM on
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the Association and

set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement; (ii) the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement shall include, inter alia, the following
provisions:

            (A)   Subproject eligibility criteria, processing and
                  administration procedures and onlending terms and
                  conditions for Sub-loans and Investments;

            (B)   definition of BM's functions and responsibilities
                  regarding the implementation of Parts A.1 and A.2 of the
                  Project;

            (C)   the obligation of BM to enter into Sub-loan Agreements or
                  Investment Agreements with BEs under terms and conditions
                  which shall have been approved by the Association; and

            (D)   the Borrower shall carry:

                  (i)   the commercial and foreign exchange risks, in the
                        case of Investments; and

                  (ii)  the foreign exchange risk, in the case of Sub-
                        loans.

      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise and cause BM to exercise their
respective rights under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement, in such
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association and
to accomplish the purposes of the Credit and, except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not take or concur in any action
which should have the effect of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving
the said Agreement or any provisions thereof.

      (e)   Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
ensure that Sub-loans and Investments made by BM under Part A of the Project
will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.

      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall:

      (a)   not later than April 30, 1991, furnish to the Association
acceptable terms of reference to carry out the studies referred to in Part
B.4 (a);

      (b)   not later than December 31, 1991:

            (i)   carry out and complete, under terms of reference
                  satisfactory to the Association, the studies referred to
                  in Part B.4 (a) of the Project; and

            (ii)  submit to the Association the recommendations of said
                  studies;

      (c)   not later than June 30, 1992 exchange views with the Association
on said recommendations and agree with the Association on an action program
and a timetable for the implementation of said recommendations; and

      (d)   not later than March 30, 1993, carry out said action program.

      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:

      (a)   not later than December 31, 1990, prepare and complete an action
plan (the Plan) to determine the legal ownership status of enterprises under
government intervention in accordance with the provisions of Decree-Law No.
16/75 of the Borrower, dated February 13, 1975, as amended;

      (b)   promptly thereafter, take all legal and administrative measures
necessary to implement the Plan; and

      (c)   not later than June 30, 1993, review jointly with the
Association, progress achieved in implementing the Plan.

      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall:

      (a)   not later than June 30, 1991, and not later than June 30 of each
year thereafter until the completion of the Project, review jointly with the
Association, the following:

            (i)   progress achieved in Project implementation and meeting
                  Project objectives, including interest rates applicable
                  to Sub-loans under Part A.1 of the Project;

            (ii)  Subproject eligibility criteria and onlending terms and
                  conditions referred to in Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
                  and

      (b)   promptly thereafter, implement the recommendations of such
reviews in accordance with an action plan and timetable as agreed between
the Borrower and the Association.

      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall maintain ERTU and IWG during the
execution of the Project with such responsibilities, powers, facilities and
staff whose experience and qualifications are satisfactory to the
Association, as are specified in Schedule 6 to this Agreement.

                                ARTICLE IV

                            Financial Covenants

      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall through ERTU maintain in respect
of the Project, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures.

      (b)   The Borrower and BM shall:

            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section including those for the Special
                  Account for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Association;

            (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year, a certified copy of the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and

            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit thereof
                  as the Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.

      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower and BM shall:

            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance with
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, records and accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;

            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit for the fiscal year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Credit Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;

            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records; and

            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are included in the

                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.

                                 ARTICLE V

                        Remedies of the Association

      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:

      (a)   the Borrower or BM shall have failed to perform any of their
respective obligations under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;

      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date of the
Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that BM will be able to perform its
obligations under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;

      (c)   the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction shall have
taken any action: (i) concerning the Borrower's industrial, financial or
banking sectors that would materially and adversely affect the ability of
the Borrower or BM to perform any of their respective obligations under this
Agreement; or (ii) for the dissolution or disestablishment of BM or for the
suspension of its operations; and

      (d)   BM's Statutes shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated,
repealed or waived so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of
BM to perform any of its obligations under the Subsidiary Administration
Agreement.

      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified, namely that any of the events
specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty (60) days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower.

                                ARTICLE VI

                        Effective Date; Termination

      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:

      (a)   the Subsidiary Administration Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and BM on terms satisfactory to the Association and
in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement; and

      (b)   ERTU's Accountant has been employed with experience and
qualifications acceptable to the Association and in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 2 (c) (iv) of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.

      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional matters,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions, to be
included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association:

      (a)   that this Agreement has been duly ratified by the Borrower's
Council of Ministers and is legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance
with its terms; and

      (b)   that the Subsidiary Administration Agreement has been duly
authorized and is legally binding upon the Borrower and BM.

      Section 6.03. The date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04
of the General Conditions.

                                ARTICLE VII

                Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses

      Section 7.01. The Governor of the Banco de Mocambique is designated
as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.

      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:

      For the Borrower:

            Banco de Moqambique
            Departamento de Relacoes Internacionais
            Avenida 25 de Setembro 1695
            P.O. Box 423 Maputo, Mozambique

            Cable address:                Telex:

                  MOBANCO                       6355/7 BMMO
                  Maputo

                                          Facsimile:

                                                29178

      For the Association:

            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 2033
            United States of America

            Cable address:                Telex:

                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.



                  REPUBLIC OF MOZAMBIQUE



                  By /s/ Valeriano Ferrao
                                                Authorized Representative



                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION



                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa

                                SCHEDULE 1

                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit

1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit
to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be

financed in each Category:

                               Amount of the
                            Credit Allocated              % of
                               (Expressed in          Expenditures
Category                     SDR Equivalent)         to be Financed

(1)     Goods and
    services
    under:

    (a) Part A.1                  27,900,000         100% of foreign
        of the                                       expenditures
        Project;                                     of each Sub-
                                                     project

    (b) Part A.2                   4,000,000
        of the
        Project

(2)     Consultants'                                100% of foreign
    services and                                    expenditures
    training under:

    (a) Part B.1                   2,000,000
        of the
        Project;

    (b) Part B.2                   2,000,000
        of the
        Project;

    (c) Part B.4                     400,000
        of the
        Project; and

    (d) Part B.5                     200,000
        of the
        Project

(3)     Vehicles,                    200,000        100% of foreign
    equipment and                                   expenditures
    office supplies

(4)     Operating costs              200,000        100%
    under Part B.1 (a)
    of the Project

(5)     Goods, services            1,100,000        100%
    and training
    under Part B.3 of
    the Project

(6)     Refunding of               1,200,000        Amount due pur-
    Project Prepara-                                suant to Section
    tion Advance                                    2.02 (c) of this
                                                    Agreement

(7)     Unallocated                  800,000

        TOTAL                     40,000,000

2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:

    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in the currency
of any country other than that of the Borrower for goods or services
supplied from the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower;

    (b)   the term "operating costs" means cost of operation and maintenance
of equipment, vehicles and buildings used in the execution of the Project
as described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement; and

    (c)   the term "training" means costs of fellowships, conferences,
courses and study tours.

3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of:

    (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;

    (b)   Category (1) (a) unless: (i) the Association has approved a model
Sub-loan Agreement to be entered into between BM and the respective BEs, in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (ii) ERTU's Procurement Advisor has been
employed with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association,
in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth
in Schedule 4 to this Agreement;

    (c)   expenditures under Category (1) (b) in respect of an Investment
unless the Association has approved the Investment Agreement entered into
between BM on behalf of the Borrower and the respective BE; and

    (d)   expenditures under Category (5) unless the Association has
approved the action plans prepared by the Borrower to carry out Part B.3 of
the Project.

                                SCHEDULE 2

                        Description of the Project

    The objectives of the Project are to:

    (a)   assist in financing rehabilitation, financial restructuring and
operational support to potentially efficient major enterprises in the
industrial sector of the Borrower, selected by the Borrower in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;

    (b)   strengthen the Borrower's capabilities to undertake an enterprise
rehabilitation program including the implementation of measures to protect
the environment and worker safety; and

    (c)   support policy reforms and sub-sector studies designed to
strengthen enterprise operations.

    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:

Part A:   Enterprise Rehabilitation

1.  The financing of specific Subprojects through loans granted to BEs by
BM.

2.  The provision through BM of financing to BEs to carry out financing
restructuring programs jointly agreed between the Borrower and the
Association.

Part B:   Institutional Development

1.  Assistance to MOF:

    (a)   Establishment and operation of the Enterprise Restructuring
Technical Unit (ERTU);

    (b)   Development of ERTU's capabilities to:

          (i)   implement the enterprise rehabilitation program;

          (ii)  assist the enterprises in the design and implementation of
                Rehabilitation Plans; and

          (iii) appraise Subprojects.

    (c)   Training of staff of MOF, BM, MIE and BEs in enterprise
rehabilitation and restructuring techniques.

2.  Assistance to enterprises to:

    (a)   develop and implement Rehabilitation Plans; and

    (b)   carry out pre-feasibility studies;

3.  (a)   Training programs for re-deployed staff; and

    (b)   financing of tools and equipment for re-deployed staff to start
up businesses.

4.  Carrying out:

    (a)   studies in the following:

          (i)   edible oils sub-sector;

          (ii)  textiles sub-sector;

          (iii) metal-fabrication and machinery sub-sector;

          (iv)  packaging sub-sector; and

          (v)   other sub-sectors jointly identified and agreed between the
                Borrower and the Association; and

    (b)   other studies jointly identified and agreed between the Borrower
and the Association.

5.  Strengthening of the Borrower's Project Implementation capabilities
through the provision of assistance and training to:

    (a)   BM;

    (b)   MIE; and

    (c)   MOF.

                                 *   *   *

    The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1996.

                                SCHEDULE 3

                   Procurement and Consultants' Services

Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works

Part A:   International Competitive Bidding

    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works estimated to cost
the equivalent of $500,000 or more shall be procured under contracts awarded
in accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections
I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).

Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers

    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures described
in Part A 1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mozambique may be granted a margin
of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.

Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors

    In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures described
in Part A 1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of preference to
domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of

paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2
thereto.

Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures

1.  Local Competitive Bidding:

    Items or groups of items including civil works estimated to
cost less than $500,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.

2.  International or Local Shopping:

    Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$500,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts awarded or. the basis
of comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.

3.  Direct Contracting:

    Spare parts and equipment under Parts A and B. 1 of the Project may be
procured under direct contracting, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.

Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions

1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:

    (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.

    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.

3.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.

Section II.  Employment of Consultants

    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project, the
Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.

                                SCHEDULE 4

                    Procedures for Terms and Conditions
                       of Sub-loans and Investments

Part A.   Terms and conditions

1.  No expenditures for goods and services required for a Subproject shall
be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Credit unless the Sub-
loan or Investment for such Subproject have been appraised by ERTU and
approved by BM and the Association.

2.  BM shall relend the Meticais equivalent of the proceeds of the Credit
to Beneficiary Enterprises (BEs) for terms of up to fifteen (15) years,
including a grace period of up to five (5) years for:

    (a)   Sub-loans granted for the financing of fixed investments and
working capital directly associated with said investments; and

    (b)   Sub-loans granted for the financing of preparation of a
Rehabilitation Plan.

    (c)   BEs shall repay to BM: (i) Sub-loans under Part A.1 of the
Project, on the basis of fixed amortization schedules; and (ii) Investments
under Part A.2 of the Project, on the basis of the Investment Agreement
entered into between BM on behalf of the Borrower and the respective BE.

3.  BM shall retain out of the interest payments due from the BEs in
accordance with paragraph 2 (a) of this Schedule:

    (a)   an annual administration fee at the rate of about one half of one
percent (0.5%) per annum on the principal amount of the Sub-loan to cover
the cost of credit administration; and

    (b)   a margin not exceeding forty-five percent (45%) of the nominal
interest rate charged on the Sub-loan to the respective BE by BM to cover
BM's credit risk.

4.  (a)   When presenting a Subproject to the Association for approval, ERTU
shall furnish to the Association an application, in a form satisfactory to
the Association together with: (i) a copy of the Rehabilitation Plan
submitted by the BE; (ii) an appraisal report of the Subproject prepared by
ERTU, including an analysis of the economic, financial and technical
viability of the Subproject, including a description of the environmental
measures designed to minimize the discharge of pollutants and to provide for
a better and safer working environment; (iii) a description of the goods and
services proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and
respective method of procurement; (iv) the proposed terms and conditions of
the Sub-loan or Investment, including the schedule of amortization for
repayment; (v) evidence of efforts undertaken by the BE to obtain
cofinancing; and (vi) such other information as the Association shall
reasonably request.

    (b)   The Borrower shall review jointly with the Association the
Subproject approval procedures referred to in paragraph (a) above after the
first three Subprojects have been approved by the Association.

5.  Applications made pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 4 of this
Schedule shall be presented to the Association on or before December 31,
1996.

6.  Sub-loans and Investments shall be made on terms whereby BM shall
obtain, by written contract with the respective BEs, rights adequate to
protect the interests of the Borrower, the Association and BM, including the
right to:

    (a)   require the BE to carry out and operate the Subproject with due
diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound technical, financial,
managerial and environmental standards and to maintain adequate records;

    (b)   require that: (i) the goods and services to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be procured in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement; and (ii) such goods and services shall be
used exclusively in the carrying out of the Subproject;

    (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of the
Borrower, (ERTU) and the Association, if the Association shall so request,
such goods, works, plants and construction included in the Subproject
operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents;

    (d)   require that: (i) the BE shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers such insurance, against such risks and in such amounts,
as shall be consistent with sound business practice; and (ii) without any

limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident'
to the acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or installation, any indemnity
thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable by the BE to
replace or repair such goods;

    (e)   obtain all such information as BM or the Association shall
reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the administration,
operations and financial condition of the respective BEs and to the benefits
to be derived to it from the Subproject;

    (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the BE to the use of the
proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such BE to perform its obligations
under its Sub-loan or Investment Agreement, as the case may be, with the
respective BEs; and

    (g)   require that BE present to BM and ERTU semi-annual financial
statements and externally audited annual financial statements.

Part B.   Eligibility Criteria for Beneficiary Enterprises and Subprojects -
           General Procedures

1.  Enterprises (a) engaged inter alia in agro-related industries, light
manufacturing and heavy industry; and (b) with financial, economic,
technical and environmental viability confirmed by ERTU are eligible to
receive Sub-loans and Investments from BM to carry out Subprojects.

2.  Sub-loans and Investments shall be used by BEs to finance
rehabilitation, expansion and restructuring of existing enterprises,
excluding repayment of BEs' outstanding obligations.

    (a)   Sub-loans shall be used to finance: (i) fixed assets (including
machinery, equipment, factory buildings and related civil works)
rehabilitation and replacement; (ii) incremental working capital (including
increases in stocks of imported raw materials required to sustain production
for the initial period following rehabilitation); (iii) spare parts; and
(iv) technical know-how, consultancy services and training.

    (b)   Investments shall be used for enterprise financial restructuring
(including recapitalization, conversions of debt into equity or quasi-
equity, and injection of fresh equity through joint-venture or partnership
arrangements with local or foreign investors and improved financial and
accounting practices. Proceeds of the Investment shall be used to finance
the categories of items described in paragraph 2 (a) above.

    (c)   Unless the Association shall otherwise authorize, the maximum
amount that any single BE shall receive through a Sub-loan or Investment,
or any combination thereof, shall be the equivalent of eight million dollars
($8,000,000).

Part C.   Specific Procedures

1.  BM shall be assisted by ERTU in ensuring that the Subprojects meet the
eligibility criteria referred to in Parts B and C of this Schedule. BM shall
assign qualified staff to work jointly with ERTU in the appraisal of
Subprojects.

2.  During implementation, the BEs shall be required:

    (a)   to achieve and maintain a total debt-equity ratio of not more than
3:1; a liquidity ratio of at least 1.2; and a debt service coverage of at
least 1.5;

    (b)   to obtain BM's prior approval to amend its By-laws; and

    (c)   not to provide loans, advances or deposits out of the proceeds of
the Sub-loan to subsidiaries or other entities whose ownership is in any way
connected to the respective BEs.

3.  Appraisal of Subprojects

    ERTU shall carry out the appraisal of Subprojects in accordance with

procedures acceptable to the Association which shall include the following:

    (a)   incremental internal financial rate of return (after tax) of at
least twelve percent (12%) calculated in constant prices; and

    (b)   incremental economic rate of return of at least twelve (12%)
percent, calculated using border prices or any other method acceptable to
the Association.

4.  An enterprise applying for a Sub-loan or an Investment shall furnish
ERTU with the following:

    (a)   a Rehabilitation Plan, including inter alia: a marketing plan, a
production rehabilitation plan, a management plan, a restructuring plan torestore the
enterprise's financial viability and a financing plan;

    (b)   a legal opinion, confirming that the enterprise is a legal entity
and defining its current legal ownership status;

    (c)   financial statements satisfactory to ERTU; and

    (d)   all other relevant information and documentation
necessary for Subproject appraisal.

                                SCHEDULE 5

                              Special Account

1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:

    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) through (6)
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;

    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time
to the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule I
to this Agreement; and

    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent to
$2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.

2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.

3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that the
Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized
Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall
be made as follows:

    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit or deposits
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On
the basis of such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of
the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.

    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Association requests for deposits into
                the Special Account at such intervals as the Association
                shall specify.

          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Association the documents and other
                evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule
                for the payment or payments in respect of which
                replenishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                request, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
                Special Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                requested and as shall have been shown by said documents

                and other evidence to have been made out of the Special
                Account for eligible expenditures.

All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.

4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special Account, the
Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request,
furnish to the Association such documents and other evidence showing that
such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.

5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the
Association shall not be required to make further deposits into the Special
Account:

    (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Credit
Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or

    (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories for the Project, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.

Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn
amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on
deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.

6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in
an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; and (ii)
was not justified by the evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit
or refund, as the case may be.

    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to cover
further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, refund to the Association such outstanding
amount.

    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund to the
Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.

    (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a), (b)
and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit Account for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.

                                SCHEDULE 6

                          Implementation Program

1.  Ministry of Finance (MOF)

    MOF shall be responsible, through ERTU, for the overall coordination,
management and supervision of Project implementation.

2.  Enterprise Restructuring Technical Unit (ERTU)

A.  Functions

    (a)   ERTU, established within MOF, shall be responsible for planning,
managing and supervising Project implementation, particularly the
implementation of the Enterprise Restructuring component referred to in Part
A of the Project.

    (b)   ERTU shall:

          (i)   Assist Beneficiary Enterprises (BEs) to identify and select
                consultants' services to carry out prefeasibility,
                feasibility and design studies in accordance with the
                provisions of Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement;

          (ii)  assist BEs in the design and implementation of the
                Rehabilitation Plans;

          (iii) in collaboration with the Bank of Mozambique, carry out
                appraisals of Subprojects to be financed under the Project;

          (iv)  jointly with the BEs, develop and implement co-financing
                plans;

          (v)   strengthen the capabilities of local staff through
                training, especially in Subproject appraisal and enterprise
                restructuring;

          (vi)  provide policy advice to the Borrower through analysis of
                the impact of specific policies on the performance of
                enterprises, inter alia, taxation, prices and price
                controls, production quotas, credit and foreign exchange
                allocation, industrial licensing, trade (import, export and
                domestic) policies and policies relating to asset
                revaluation;

          (vii) ensure completion of the studies referred to in Part B.4 of
                the Project in accordance with the provisions of Section
                3.03 of this Agreement; and

          (viii)      ensure effective implementation of the Project.

B.  Staffing

    (a)   ERTU shall be headed by a Project Director who shall report
directly to the Minister of Finance. The Project Director shall be
responsible inter alia for:

          (i)   overall efficient coordination management and supervision
                of Project Implementation, including interfacing with
                government agencies and other institutions;

          (ii)  day-to-day management and supervision of ERTU and its staff
                in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 2.A and
                2.B. (b) of this Schedule; and

          (iii) serve as Chairman of the Interministerial Working Group
                (IWG).

    (b)   ERTU shall have inter alia the following qualified and experienced
technical and support staff:

    Technical full-time staff:

          (i)   Project Advisor

                The Project Advisor, who shall report directly to the
                Project Director, shall be responsible for assisting the
                Project Director in inter alia:

     (A)   planning and coordinating the work of all other
           technical staff and consultants employed by ERTU;

     (B)   providing advice to the Borrower on the design and
           implementation of a strategy for enterprise
           rehabilitation and restructuring financial issues;

     (C)   overseeing the undertaking of enterprise reviews,
           which shall focus on the determination of
           technically, financially and economically justified
           rehabilitation and restructuring plans and
           elaboration of these plans into implementable action
           programs;

     (D)   assisting the Borrower to identify and attract
           potential private investors to participate in the
           rehabilitation of specific enterprises as joint
           venture partners or under management contracts;

     (E)   contributing to the efficient implementation of the
           Project;

     (F)   ensuring accurate maintenance of Project records;

     (G)   supervising Project financial aspects and preparing
           records and accounts for Project evaluation, progress
           reports, action plans and audits related to the
           Project;

     (H)   assisting the Project Director with the recruitment
           of competent staff for ERTU and the training of local
           professional staff;

     (I)   reviewing and proposing to the Project Director for
           approval: Project objectives, detailed work program
           and a budget for the efficient performance of ERTU;

     (J)   coordinating and supervising policy or sectoral
           studies undertaken by ERTU on behalf of the Borrower;

     (K)   advising on the regulatory framework as it affects
           enterprises under the Project; and

     (L)   the Project Advisor shall also undertake any other
           duties, relevant to the operations of ERTU, as may be
           assigned to him/her from time to time by the Project
           Director.

(ii) Engineer

     The Engineer shall work under the supervision of the
     Project Advisor. The Engineer shall ensure that all
     technical aspects of Project implementation are well
     integrated into the general work of ERTU.

     The Engineer shall be responsible inter alia for:

     (A)   coordinating ERTU's technical activities, reviewing
           rehabilitation and restructuring plans for soundness
           of their technical design. During project
           implementation assisting the BEs to ensure that the
           implementation schedules are adhered to and, when
           necessary, identify any technical or production
           bottlenecks and suggest appropriate solutions;

     (B)   evaluating rehabilitation needs and corresponding
           design activities and assessing the technical and
           production implications of capital expenditures to
           determine their consistency with Subproject
           objectives and eligibility criteria;

     (C)   reviewing and assisting the BEs in establishing

            technical specifications for design, construction,
            and equipment procurement to be undertaken under the
            respective Rehabilitation Plan;

      (D)   reviewing technical proposals and recommending
            eligible suppliers for contracts to be awarded under
            the Project; and

      (E)   undertaking any other technical duties, relevant to
            other operations of ERTU, as may be assigned to
            him/her from time to time by the Project Advisor.

(iii) Economist

      The Economist shall work under the supervision of the
      Project Advisor.

      The Economist shall be responsible for developing ERTU's
      capabilities in economic analysis and Sub-project
      appraisal.

      The Economist shall be responsible inter alia for:

      (A)   planning, coordinating and supervising the economic
            activities of ERTU; undertaking Sub-project appraisal
            to determine their financial and economic viability;
            reviewing the economic and financial aspects of
            enterprise Rehabilitation Plans;

      (B)   providing training to local counterparts in the
            economic and financial aspects of Sub-project
            appraisal and enterprise restructuring; and

      (C)   the Economist shall undertake any other financial and
            economic arrangement that may be assigned to him/her
            by the Project Advisor.

(iv)  Accountant

      The Accountant shall work under the supervision of the
      Project Advisor, the Accountant and shall be responsible
      inter alia for: keeping financial records and accounts for
      all Project components; preparing withdrawal applications
      for signature by the authorized representative of BM;
      reconciliation of the Special Account in coordination with
      BM and in accordance with the Association's disbursement
      procedures and instructions; preparing statements of
      expenditures, quarterly reports, and ERTU's annual
      financial plans; and preparing Project accounts for audit;
      and

(v)   Procurement Advisor

      The Procurement Advisor shall be responsible inter alia
      for:

      (A)   providing training; monitoring and supervising all
            relevant procurement procedures for the acquisition
            of equipment, vehicles, supplies and services,
            including the preparation of tender documents; and

      (B)   reviewing bids and contract awards in accordance with
            the Association's Guidelines and other parallel
            cofinancing agencies.

(vi)  Each of the above-mentioned Advisors shall provide training
      to their respective local counterparts.

      Other technical staff

      To complement its full-time staff, ERTU shall employ, in
      accordance with the provisions referred to in Section II of

                Schedule 3 to this Agreement, consultants to provide
                technical assistance to BEs and the Borrower.

3.  Interministerial Working Group (IWG)

    (a)   In discharging his/her responsibilities, the Project Director
shall seek the advice of an interministerial working group composed of
senior-level officials representing, inter alia:

          (i)   Ministry of Industry and Energy;

          (ii)  Ministry of Construction and Water;

          (iii) Ministry of Agriculture;

          (iv)  Ministry of Transport and Communications; and

          (v)   Bank of Mozambique.

    (b)   The IWG may, at its discretion, request the participation of
representatives of the BEs involved in Project implementation to discuss
issues of relevance to the respective BEs.

    (c)   The IWG shall ensure that:

          (i)   the relevant sector ministries, BM and the BE enterprises
                have an opportunity to participate in the design and
                implementation of Rehabilitation Plans; and

          (ii)  and interministerial agreement is reached with reference to
                policy issues before Sub-loan and Investment proposals are
                submitted to the Minister of Finance for approval.

