Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3312 PH
               (Cottage Enterprise Finance Project)
                              between
                    REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DVELOPMENT
                        Dated April 4, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3312 PH
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 4, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF THE
PHILIPPINES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Development Bank of the
Philippines (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasi
bility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to fifteen million dollars
($15,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to guaran-
tee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guaran-
Page  2
tee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 thereof deleted (the General Condi
tions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor hereby assumes the foreign
exchange risk in respect of the Loan to the Borrower and agrees to
charge the Borrower a fee therefor based on a formula acceptable to
the Bank.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall cause the Review Committee
to issue and adhere to the Policy Manual in a manner satisfactory to
the Bank.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Secretary of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretary of Finance
            Department of Finance
            Manila, Philippines
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  SECFIN                    27550 CBP-PH
                  Manila                    40268 CB-CONF
     For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
Page  3
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
                  By /s/ Emmanuel Pelaez
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
