Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1821 PAK
                   Project Agreement
           (Third Primary Education Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
                  PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
               Dated September 10, 1987
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1821 PAK
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated September 10, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and PROVINCE OF PUNJAB acting by its Governor (the
Province).
     WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred  twelve
million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 112,800,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that the Province agrees to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in
this Agreement;
     WHEREAS the Province, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
Page  2
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) The Province declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
educational practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  For the purposes of effective management of the
Project, the Province shall: (i) appoint additional staff
required to carry out the Project in accordance with a
schedule to be agreed between the Association and the
Province; and (ii) establish and thereafter maintain an
Additional Directorate of Public Instruction.
     (c)  The Province shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and works
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Province shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Province shall, at the request
of the Association, participate in the exchange of views
described in Section 3.02 (b) of the Development Credit
Agreement and periodically exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of the Project,
the performance of these obligations under this
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
     (b)  The Province shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by the Province of its obligations under this
Agreement.
     Section 2.05. (a) In order to assist the Province in
carrying out the Project, the Province shall employ such
consultants as to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit, whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
Page  3
the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the
Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981;
     (b)  without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) above, the Province shall appoint
engineering consultants for the purposes of assisting in
the management of civil works under the Project under
terms and conditions  satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 2.06. The Province shall ensure that the
selection of sites for school building construction to be
provided under the Project will be made ln accordance
with a school mapping exercise acceptable to the
Association.
     Section 2.07. The Province shall: (a) by February 1,
1989, complete a review of its textbook prices for
primary education; and (b) thereafter establish a
schedule of such prices satisfactory to the Association.
     Section 2.08. The Province shall: (a) by December
31, 1988, complete a study designed to strengthen the
Province's teacher career system with terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association and review with the
Association recommendations arising from said study; and
     (b)  initiate the implementation of reform measures,
as appropriate, by April 1, 1989.
                      ARTICLE III
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Province shall maintain
records and accounts in respect of the Project adequate
to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting
practices, its operations and financial condition.
     (b)  The Province shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and financial
               statements as well as the audit
               thereof, as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     Section 3.02. The Province shall establish and
thereafter maintain: (a) a Provincial Primary Education
Committee; (b) a District Education Committee for each
District; and (c) a School Management Committee for each
school.
Page  4
     Section 3.03. The Province shall: (a) by December
31, 1988, complete a study regarding maintenance
requirements of primary schools with terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association; and (b) starting FY
1989, ensure that sufficient financial provision is made
for the maintenance of its primary school.
     Section 3.04. The Province shall, beginning FY 1993,
increase the provision of learning materials per student
for its primary education system, to a level to be
mutually agreed upon between the Association and the
Province.
     Section 3.05. The Province shall: (a) take all
necessary measures to promote the recruitment of female
teachers; and (b) by April 30, 1988, establish a plan
showing that the ratio of the number of female teachers
to the female students enrolled will meet the ratio of
not less than 1:40 by December 31, 1993.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of the Province thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Province of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  5
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Province:
          The Chairman
          Planning and Development Board
          Government of Punjab
          Lahore, Pakistan
          Cable address:           Telex:
               DEVELOPMENT              82-04-4868
               Lahore                   Punjab Secretariat
               Pakistan                 Lahore, Pakistan
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the Province
may be taken or executed by the Chairman, Planning and
Development Board or such other person or persons as he
shall designate in writing, and he shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ W. P. Thalwitz
                                Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
               PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
               By /s/ C. M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
