Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1821 PAK
             Development Credit Agreement
           (Third Primary Education Project)
                        between
             ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               Dated September 10, 1987
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1821 PAK
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated September 10, 1987, between ISLAMIC
REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN acting by its President (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
     (A)  the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by agreement of even date herewith between the
Association and the Province of Punjab of the Borrower
(hereinafter referred to as the Province), the Province
has agreed to undertake certain obligations in respect of
carrying out the Project;
     (C)  the Borrower intends to obtain funds (the Other
Funding) from the Canadian International Development
Authority (CIDA) and the European Economic Community
(EEC) in the following aggregate  principal amounts in
the following currencies or currency equivalents to
assist in financing the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in agreements (the Other Funding
Agreements) to be entered into between the Borrower and
CIDA and EEC, respectively:
                                   Equivalent
                                   in dollars
          CIDA                     11,700,000
          EEC                      17,500,000; and
     WHEREAS the Association has  agreed, on the  basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
Page  2
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January  1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several  terms  defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and the Province of even date herewith,
as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules and agreements supplementary
to the Project Agreement;
     (b)  "Special Accounts" means, collectively, the
accounts referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement and Section 2.01 (c) of the Project Agreement,
and "Special Account" means each of the Special Accounts;
     (c)  "Action Program" means  the Primary Education
Action Program referred to in Section 3.02 of this
Agreement;
     (d)  "FY" or "Fiscal Year" means the Borrower's
fiscal year covering the period July 1 to June 30; and
     (e)  "Rupees" and "Rs" means the currency of the
Borrower.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01.  The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
twelve million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 112,800,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association.  Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be  made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be December
31, 1993 or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
Page  3
     Section 2.04.  (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge at the rate of one-half
of one per cent (1/2 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time. The
commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty days
after the date of the Development Credit Agreement to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or shall be
cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05.  The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06.  Commitment charges and service
charges shall be payable semiannually on June 1 and
December 1 in each year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
principal amount of the Credit in semiannual installments
payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing December
1, 1997, and ending June 1, 2037. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2007 shall
be one-half of one per cent (1/2 of 1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be one and
one-half per cent (1-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     Section 2.08.  The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01.  (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project, or cause  the Project to be
carried out, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
educational and engineering practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources  required for the Project. To that end,
the Borrower shall make, and cause the Province to make
to the extent of its responsibility for carrying out the
Project, adequate and timely budgetary provisions  for
the implementation of the Project.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause the Province to perform in
accordance with the provisions of the Project Agreement
all the obligations therein set forth, shall take and
cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds,  facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable the Province to
perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit to
Page  4
be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
     (c)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower
(acting in consultation with the Province) and the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
carry out the Project, or cause the Project to be carried
out, in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.02.  (a) For the purposes of contributing
to the development of the primary education sector of the
Borrower, the Borrower shall carry out or cause to be
carried out the Project in accordance with a Primary
Education Action Program to be agreed upon between the
Borrower (acting in consultation with the Province) and
the Association.
     (b)  The Borrower and the Association shall annually
exchange  views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Project and the Action Program in accordance with
criteria and a timetable to be  agreed between the
Borrower (acting in consultation with the Province) and
the Association.
     (c)  Prior to any of the exchange of views referred
to in paragraph (b) above, the Borrower shall furnish to
the Association for its review and comments: (i) a report
on the progress in the implementation of the Project as
well as on the progress achieved in carrying out the
Action Program; and (ii) estimated Project expenditures
to be incurred by the Borrower in the subsequent fiscal
year.
     Section 3.03.  In order to assist the Province in
carrying out those parts of the Project for which the
Province is responsible, the Borrower shall make
available to the Province part of the proceeds of the
Credit, in accordance with procedures, and terms and
conditions, mutually satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Association.
     Section 3.04.  Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.05.  The Borrower and the Association
hereby agree that the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Parts of the Project for which the
Province is responsible shall  be carried  out  by the
Province pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any
Page  5
part thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
       (i)     have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently  applied, by
               independent  auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
      (ii)     furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               nine months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
     (iii)     furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and the audit thereof as the
               Association shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
       (i)     maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
      (ii)     retain, until at least one year after the
               completion of the audit for the fiscal
               year in which the last withdrawal from
               the Credit Account was made, all records
               (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
               receipts and other documents) evidencing
               such expenditures;
     (iii)     enable the Association's representatives
               to examine such records; and
      (iv)     ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during  such  fiscal  year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  The Province shall have failed to perform any
of its obligations under the Project Agreement;
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
Page  6
the date of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Province will be able to perform its obligations under
the Project Agreement; and
     (c) (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph:
            (A)     The right of the Borrower to
                    withdraw the proceeds of any grant
                    or loan (including the Other
                    Funding) made to the Borrower for
                    the financing of the Project shall
                    have  been suspended, cancelled or
                    terminated in whole or in part,
                    pursuant to the terms of  the
                    agreement providing therefor; or
            (B)     any such loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof.
        (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A) such suspension, cancellation,
               termination or  prematuring is not caused
               by the failure of the Borrower to perform
               any of its obligations under such
               agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
               Project are available to the Borrower
               from other sources on terms and
               conditions consistent with the
               obligations of the Borrower under this
               Agreement.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Association to the Borrower; or
     (b)  the event specified in paragraph (c) (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to
the proviso of paragraph (c) (ii) of that Section.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  the Executive Committee of the National
Economic Council shall have approved the PC-1 document
with respect to the Project;
     (b)  all necessary commitments to provide the Other
Funding shall have been fulfilled;
     (c)  all necessary arrangements shall have been made
to establish the Additional Directorate of Public
Instruction for the purpose of Section 2.01 (b) of the
Project Agreement; and
     (d)  the engineering consultants referred to in
Section 2.05 (b) of the Project Agreement shall have been
Page  7
duly selected by the Province and the draft contract for
their appointment shall have been furnished to the
Association.
     Section 6.02.  The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(b) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association,
namely, that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Province and is legally
binding upon the Province in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03.  The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Secretary to the Government of
Pakistan, Economic Affairs Division, or any Additional
Secretary, Joint Secretary, Deputy Secretary, or Section
Officer in the Economic Affairs Division of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
       The Secretary to the Government of Pakistan
       Economic Affairs Division
       Islamabad, Pakistan
       Cable address:              Telex:
          ECONOMIC                      ECDIV-05-634
          Islamabad
     For the Association:
       International Development Association
       1818 H Street, N.W.
       Washington, D.C. 20433
       United States of America
       Cable address:              Telex:
          INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                   By /s/ C. M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ W. P. Thalwitz
Page  8
                                Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE I
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
              Provided by the Association
1.  The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit provided
by the Association, the allocation of the amounts of the
Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each
Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Civil Works
    furniture and
    professional
    fees:
   (a) the Province  64,780,000 )
                                )       79%
   (b) the Borrower  __________ )
(2) Books, equipment,
    and consumable
    materials:
   (a) the Province  11,380,000 )       100% of foreign
                                )       expenditures
   (b) the Borrower     390,000 )       100% of local
                                )       expenditures
                                )       (ex-factory cost)
                                )       and 80% of local
                                )       expenditures for
                                )       other items pro-
                                )       cured locally
 (3) Salaries of
    additional
    staff, opera-
    tion and
    maintenance
    costs, and
    travel and
    daily allowances
    for training:
   (a) the Province  27,150,000 )
                                )       71%
   (b) the Borrower     630,000 )
(5) Unallocated       8,470,000
                    ___________
   TOTAL            112,800,000
                    ===========
2. For the purposes of this Schedule:
   (a) the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the  territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
Page  9
   (b) the term "local expenditures" means expenditures
in the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services
supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement,
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 1,600,000, may be made on
account of payments made for expenditures before that
date but after September 1, 1986.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
   The objectives of the Project are:
   (a) to strengthen institutional capacity to plan and
manage primary education programs;
   (b) to introduce necessary policy reform measures to
strengthen primary education; and
   (c) to support innovation in primary education
programs and systems.
   The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:
   Strengthening of the primary education management
system and the  establishment of a monitoring and
evaluation capacity therein.
Part B:
   Improvement of primary education curricula and the
provision of related instructional materials.
Part C:
   Provision of teacher training (pre-service in-service
stage) and  primary education management training, as
well as the improvement of teacher career system.
Part D:
   Implementation of programs to increase enrollment in
primary education.
Part E:
   Construction of schools and classrooms for primary
education and the implementation of school maintenance
programs.
                     *   *   *   *
   The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1993.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.    Procurement of Goods and Works
Page  10
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
    Computers and other equipment shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
Part B:  Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Pakistan may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:  Preference for Domestic Contractors
    In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, the
Borrower/Province may grant a margin of preference to
domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:  Other Procurement Procedures
    Civil works and goods (except those referred in Part
A above) may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive  bidding  advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association.
Part E:  Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
    (a)  With respect to each contract for civil works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 each or
more, and each contract for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 each or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be  made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to  be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph
2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
    (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of  statements of
expenditure.  Such contracts shall be retained in
Page  11
accordance with Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.   Employment of Consultants
    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out part
of the Project for which the Borrower is responsible, the
Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall
be satisfactory to the Association.  Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and  by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Implementation Program
1.  The Borrower shall strengthen the Federal
Coordinating Unit (hereinafter called FCU) established
under the Primary Education Project (Credit No. 892 PAK)
to be responsible for carrying out such elements of the
parts of the Project for which the Borrower will be
responsible and the monitoring of Project activities,
through the appointment of qualified staff in sufficient
numbers.
2.  Employment of Consultants
    The consultants to be employed to assist the
Borrower/Province in carrying out the Project and whose
services are to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Other Funding shall have qualifications, experience and
terms of reference satisfactory to the Association.
3.  Training
    The Borrower shall furnish to the Association not
less than three months before the end of each Fiscal
Year, an annual training plan satisfactory to the
Association for the next Fiscal Year.
4.  Staff Requirements
    The additional staff required for the Project shall
be appointed in accordance with a schedule to be agreed
between the Borrower and the Association.
5.  The Borrower shall:  (a) undertake a study to review
the existing incentives to teachers; and
    (b)  by February 28, 1990, implement non-monetary
incentives for services in rural areas, in consultation
with the Provinces.
6.  The Borrower shall take all necessary measures
within its power to introduce by April 1, 1988, in all of
its Provinces, a flexible scheduling of primary school
hours and calendars to be mutually satisfactory to the
Borrower, the Provinces, and the Association.
7.  The Borrower shall cause to be established, in
respect of the following grades, integrated curricula for
primary education satisfactory to the Association by the
following dates: for the first through third grades, by
April 30, 1990; and for the fourth and fifth grades, by
April 30, 1993, or such other date as shall be
satisfactory to the Association.
Page  12
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
    (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
    (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in
respect of the Borrower, an amount equivalent to
$150,000, and in respect of the Province, an amount
equivalent to $10,000,000, to be withdrawn from the
respective Credit Accounts and deposited in the Special
Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  (a)  Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, payments out of the respective Special Accounts
shall be made exclusively for eligible expenditures in
accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
    (b)  All requests for replenishment by the Province
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3 hereof and all
actions incidental thereto shall be made through FCU.
3.  After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Accounts have been
duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Accounts
may be made as follows:
    (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower or the Province, as the case may be, for a
deposit or deposits which add up to the aggregate amount
of the Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on
behalf of the Borrower or the Province, as the case may
be, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower or
the Province, as the case may be, shall have requested.
    (b)  The Borrower or the Province, as the case may
be, shall furnish to the Association requests for
replenishment of the respective Special Accounts at such
intervals as the Association shall specify.  On the basis
of such requests, the Association shall withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the relevant Special
Account such amounts as shall be required to replenish
the Special Account with amounts not exceeding the amount
of payments made out of such Special Account for eligible
expenditures.  All  such deposits shall be withdrawn by
the Association from the Credit Account under the
respective eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by the
evidence supporting the request for such deposit
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower or the
Province, as the case may be, out of the Special Account
for which the Borrower or the Province, as the case may
be, requests replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of
this Schedule, the Borrower or the Province, as the case
may be, shall furnish to the Association, prior to or at
the time of such request, such documents and other
Page  13
evidence as the Association shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.  (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Association when either of
the following situations first arises:
      (i)     the Association shall have determined
              that all further withdrawals should be
              made by the Borrower or the Province, as
              the case may be, directly from the Credit
              Account in accordance with the provisions
              of Article V of the General Conditions
              and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
              Agreement; or
     (ii)     the total unwithdrawn amount of the
              Credit allocated to the eligible
              Categories for the parts of the Project
              to which the respective Special Account
              relates, minus the amount of any
              outstanding special commitment entered
              into by  the Association pursuant to
              Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
              with respect to such parts of the
              Project, shall be equal to the equivalent
              of twice the amount of the relevant
              Authorized Allocation.
    (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for the parts of the
Project to which the Special  Account relates shall
follow such procedures as the Association  shall specify
by notice to the Borrower or the Province, as the case
may be.  Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will
be utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower or the Province, as the
case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association, deposit into the relevant Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified.  No further deposit by the Association into
the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower or
the Province, as the case may be, has made such deposit
or refund.
    (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the relevant Special
Account will not  be required to cover further payments
for eligible expenditures, the Borrower or the Province,
as the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association, refund to the Association such outstanding
amount for crediting to the Credit Account.
Page  14
