Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2011 SU
                           ABS Project Agreement
                 (Emergency Flood Reconstruction Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                        AGRICULTURAL BANK OF SUDAN
                            Dated May 25, 1989
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2011 SU
                           ABS PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 25, 1989, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and AGRICULTURAL BANK OF SUDAN (ABS).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between The Republic of Sudan (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to fifty-four million nine hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 54,900,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition, inter
alia, that ABS agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association
as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and ABS, part of the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to ABS on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS ABS, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement
and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. ABS declares its commitment to the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement and,
to this end, shall carry out Part A.1-3 of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
and agricultural practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for Part A.1-3 of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and works required for Part A.1-3 of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ABS shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of this Agreement and Part A.1-3 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. ABS shall duly perform all its obligations under the ABS
Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
ABS shall not take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the ABS Subsidiary Loan Agreement
or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ABS shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the ABS Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ABS shall promptly inform the Association of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by ABS of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the ABS Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.06. ABS shall provide out of the proceeds of the Credit sub-
loans in kind or on a cash basis to farmers or cooperatives who meet the
eligibility requirements agreed upon among the Borrower, ABS and the
Association under terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association which
shall include charges at the rate of nineteen percent (19%) per annum and
repayment over one (1) year for seasonal sub-loans and up to five (5) years
for equipment sub-loans.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of ABS
      Section 3.01. ABS shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and agricultural
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ABS shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
Page  3
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ABS shall maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition.
      (b)   ABS shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited; and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. The following events are specified as conditions to the
effectiveness of this Agreement:
      (a)   the Development Credit Agreement has been declared effective;
      (b)   the ABS Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on behalf
of the Borrower and ABS; and
      (c)   the Association has received an opinion or opinions satisfactory
to the Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing: (i)
that the ABS Project Agreement has been duly executed by ABS and is legally
binding upon ABS in accordance with its terms; and (ii) that the ABS
Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly executed by the Borrower and ABS and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and ABS in accordance with its terms.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ABS thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date ten years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify ABS of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
Page  4
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      For ABS:
            Agricultural Bank of Sudan
            P.O. Box 1363
            Khartoum, Sudan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MASRAF                        610
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of ABS may be taken or executed by the Chairman and Managing Director
or such other person or persons as the Chairman and Managing Director shall
designate in writing, and ABS shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each
such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  AGRICULTURAL BANK OF SUDAN
                  By /s/ Hassan Elamin Elbashir
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                                Procurement
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
Page  5
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Sudan may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Seeds, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$300,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from
at least two different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
2.    Seeds, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$200,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association.
3.    Goods and services under Part A.3 of the Project shall be purchased
at a reasonable price, account being taken also of other relevant factors
such as time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods and
availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor and, in the
case of services, of their quality and the competence of the parties
rendering them.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the equivalent
of $50,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contracts
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of the evidence
to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
