Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3865 UA
                           DHE Project Agreement
          (Hydropower Rehabilitation and System Control Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                          OJSC DNIPROHYDROENERGO
                         Dated September 28, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3865 UA
                           DHE PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 28, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and OJSC
DNIPROHYDROENERGO (DHE).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Ukraine (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred fourteen million dollars
($114,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that DHE agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and DHE, a portion of the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to
DHE on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS DHE, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                    Execution of Part A of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) DHE declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance
with environmental standards acceptable to the Bank and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Part A of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and DHE shall
otherwise agree, DHE shall carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and services required for Part
A of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
      (b)   In order to facilitate the efficient carrying out of
the Project, including the timely procurement of the goods to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, DHE shall, by
November 30, 1995 complete all contracting arrangements,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the rehabilitation of turbines
and generators under Part A (1) of the Project.
      Section 2.03. (a) DHE shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the DHE
Project Agreement and Part A of the Project.
      (b)   DHE shall:
            (i)   prepare and furnish to the Bank not later than
                  six (6) months after the Closing Date or such
                  later date as may be agreed for this purpose
                  between DHE and the Bank, a plan, prepared on
                  the basis satisfactory to the Bank, for the
                  future operation of Part A of the Project;
           (ii)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                  exchange views with DHE on said plan; and
          (iii)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in accordance
                  with appropriate practices, taking into
                  account the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. DHE shall duly perform all its obligations
under the DHE Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, DHE shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the DHE Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
Page  3
      Section 2.05. (a) DHE shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of
Part A of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the DHE Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   DHE shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Part A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Loan, or the performance by DHE of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the DHE Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of DHE
      Section 3.01. DHE shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with the DHE Operational Plan
and with sound administrative, financial and engineering
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. DHE shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and engineering practices.
      Section 3.03. DHE shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) DHE shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   DHE shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, DHE shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable
forecast of the revenues and expenditures of DHE shows that the
estimated net revenues of DHE for each fiscal year during the
term of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated debt service requirements of DHE in such year on all
Page  4
debt of DHE including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of DHE
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                  a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the
                  date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
                  date the agreement providing for such guarantee
                  has been entered into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-
                        operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                        for depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate of repayments (including sinking fund
                  payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
           (vi)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by DHE not earlier than twelve months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in
                  question, which both the Bank and DHE accept as
                  reasonable and as to which the Bank has
                  notified DHE of its acceptability, provided
                  that no event has occurred since such
                  notification which has, or may reasonably be
                  expected in the future to have, a material
                  adverse effect on the financial condition or
                  future operating results of DHE.
          (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, DHE shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after
Page  5
its fiscal year ending on December 31, 1995, funds from
internal sources equivalent to not less than 40% of the annual
average of DHE's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to
be incurred, for that year, the previous fiscal year and the
next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, DHE
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by DHE and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year
and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Bank a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that DHE would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for DHE's fiscal years
covered by such review, DHE shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its prices) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means
                  the difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations, consumer deposits
                        and consumer contributions in aid of
                        construction, net non-operating income and
                        any reduction in working capital other
                        than cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance and taxes and
                        payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                        provision for depreciation and other non-
                        cash operating charges), debt service
                        requirements all cash dividends and other
                        cash distributions of surplus, increase in
                        working capital other than cash and other
                        cash outflows other than capital
                        expenditures.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash"
                  means the difference between current assets
                  excluding cash and current liabilities at the
                  end of each fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash"
                  means all assets other than cash which
                  could in the ordinary course of business
                  be converted into cash within twelve
                  months, including accounts receivable,
                  marketable securities, inventories and
                  prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal
                  year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                  liabilities which will become due and payable
                  or could under circumstances then existing be
Page  6
                  called for payment within twelve months,
                  including accounts payable, customer advances,
                  debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                  in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means
                  the aggregate amount of repayments
                  (including sinking fund payments, if any)
                  of, and interest and other charges on,
                  debt.
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures incurred on account of fixed
                  assets, including interest charged to
                  construction, related to operations.
         (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section
                  it shall be necessary to value, in terms
                  of the currency of the Borrower, debt
                  payable in another currency, such
                  valuation shall be made on the basis of
                  the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
                  which such other currency is, at the time
                  of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
                  the absence of such rate, on the basis of
                  a rate of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.04. DHE shall maintain with NDC, in accordance
with NDC's undertaking pursuant to Section 4.04 of the NDC
Project Agreement, a contract, satisfactory to the Bank, for
the long term sale of electricity by DHE to NDC, providing,
inter alia, for:
      (a)   the establishment by DHE of the price of electricity
sold to NDC in accordance with a suitable tariff formula which
would allow DHE (i) under conditions of efficient operation,
based on agreed upon performance-based indicators, to cover its
operating costs, meet its financial obligations for current,
and make a reasonable contribution to future, investments for
expansion of capacity, and (ii) to introduce regular
adjustments of such price to reflect changes in the rate of
inflation in the Borrower's territory as measured with
reference to an agreed upon index; and
      (b)   the undertaking by NDC to pay all amounts outstanding
to DHE within 20 days of billing by DHE, and, in respect of any
amount not so paid, to pay interest on such amount, as long as
such amount remains outstanding beyond the said 20 days period,
at rate equal to the refinancing rate charged from time to time
by the Borrower's Central Bank.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of DHE thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify DHE thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
Page  7
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For DHE:
            255240
            Vyshgorod
            Kiev region
                                          Telefax:
                                            (044) 4314190
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of DHE may be taken or executed
by its General Manager or such other person or persons as said
General Manager shall designate in writing, and DHE shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Basil G. Kavalsky
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                  OJSC DNIPROHYDROENERGO
Page  8
                  By /s/ Yuriy Shcherbak
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                          Implementation Program
1.    In order to facilitate the efficient carrying out of Part
A of the Project, DHE shall maintain, with staff and other
resources and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, a
Project Implementation Unit to be responsible for the design
and supervision of execution of Part A of the Project. The said
Unit shall be headed by a suitably qualified staff member of
DHE who will function as the Project Manager for Part A of the
Project and will serve as a Deputy Project Coordinator of the
Borrower's Project Coordination Unit referred to in paragraph
1 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
2.    DHE shall employ consultants, with qualifications and
terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, to assist DHE in
the carrying out of Part A of the Project and the Borrower's
Project Coordination Unit, referred to in paragraph 1 hereof,
in the carrying out of its assigned tasks.
3.    DHE shall provide the Borrower with all information
required on its part, including all information relating to the
carrying out of Part A of the Project and the achievement of
the objectives thereof, to enable the Borrower to carry out its
obligations pursuant to paragraph 3 of Schedule 5 to the Loan
Agreement.
