Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3225-VE
           (Technical Assistance for Pre-investment and
                Institutional Development Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated Octobear 15, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3225-VE
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 15, 1990, between the REPUBLIC OF
VENEZUELA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
Page  2
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Manual" means the manual to be put into effect by the
Borrower pursuant to paragraph (a) of Section 6.01 of this
Agreement;
      (b)   "Sub-project for Pre-investment" means a set of activi-
ties required in connection with the preparation of an investment
project suitable to be carried out by the public sector and to be
proposed in support of a request for financial assistance from the
Bank, and intended to be financed under the Loan for purposes of
Part A of the Project, and which includes one or more of the follow-
ing activities: (i) studies or national sectoral investment plans,
or both, required prior to commencing pre-feasibility or feasibility
studies; (ii) pre-feasibility and, if warranted, feasibility stu-
dies, and subsequent works for detailed engineering and design;
(iii) tasks related to the preparation of the investment project in
question and which are critical to the appraisal of such project,
such as studies on institutional restructuring, policy papers,
marketing studies, economic analysis, assessment of the environ-
mental impact of the project and monitoring systems for determining
progress achieved in respect of project execution targets; and (iv)
essential start-up activities without which project implementation
would be seriously and unavoidably delayed;
      (c)   "Sub-project" means a Sub-project for Pre-investment, as
so defined, or any set of related activities in connection with the
carrying out of Part C or Part D or Part G or Part H of the Project,
all to be carried out by an Eligible Entity or in respect thereof
under the corresponding Part of the Project, and the term "Approved
Sub-project" means either a Sub-project for Pre-investment or any
other Sub-project to be executed under any of Parts C, D, G or H of
the Project under terms of reference which have been approved by
CORDIPLAN, that the Bank has approved for financing under the Loan,
and that has been prepared and processed in accordance with the
Manual;
      (d)   "Eligible Entity" means any of the Borrower's public
sector entities, such as administrative subdivisions, including
Sectoral Ministries (as hereinafter defined) or other Ministries, or
agencies, including FIV and OCEPRE (as hereinafter defined) and
companies or corporations owned and controlled by the Borrower or by
said subdivisions or agencies, which intends to carry out any
Approved Sub-project under the Project and finance it under the
proceeds of the Loan allocated for that purpose in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, and which, particularly
in respect of Sub-projects for Pre-investment, either is listed for
said purposes in the Investment Law, or may be listed therein in the
future and is acceptable to the Bank;
      (e)   "Investment Law" means the Borrower's Law to be enacted
for purposes of authorizing the borrowing of the proceeds of the
Loan, as published in the Borrower's Official Gazette to be sub-
mitted to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to Section 12.01 (a) of the General Conditions;
      (f)   "CORDIPLAN" means the Borrower's Oficina Central de
Coordinacion y Planificacion de la Presidencia de la Republica
(Presidential Office for Coordination and Planning), as established
by means of Borrower's Decree No. 492, as published in the Bor-
rower's Official Gazette, No. 25,850, dated December 30, 1958, and
to which further functions were accorded pursuant to the Borrower's
Decrees No. 401 and No. 421, as published in the Borrower's Official
Gazette No. 34,408, dated February 12, 1990 and No. 34,409, dated
February 13, 1990, respectively, and the term "CORDIPLAN laws"
means any of the aforesaid decrees and such other Borrower's Laws,
Decrees or other Executive Branch regulations which may stipulate
Page  3
CORDIPLAN's functions;
      (g)   "Sectoral Ministry" means any of the following Bor-
rower's Ministries listed below for purposes of Part C of the
Project: Agriculture, Transport and Communications, Energy and
Mines, Development (in respect of trade and industry related
functions thereof), Environmental and Natural Resources, Family (in
respect of social development related functions thereof), Health,
Education, Urban Development and such other Ministry or Ministries
as may be agreed from time to time between the Borrower and the
Bank;
      (h)   "DINCA" means the Borrower's Direccion Nacional de
Contabilidad Administrativa (Department of National Administrative
Accounting) of the Borrower's Ministry of Finance;
      (i)   "OCEPRE" means the Borrower's Oficina Central de
Presupuesto (Central Budget Office);
      (j)   "Treasury" means the Borrower's Tesoreria Nacional of
the Ministry of Finance;
      (k)   "Management Contract" means the contractual arrangements
with an agent stipulated under the provisions of paragraph (e) of
Section 3.01 of this Agreement;
      (l)   "Project Manager" means the position in CORDIPLAN to be
filled by the appointment to be made pursuant to the provisions of
paragraph (b) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement, and to be given
responsibility for the coordination and administration of the
execution of the Project;
      (m)   "FIV" means Fondo de Inversiones de Venezuela; and
      (n)   "Component Coordinator" means the position to be filled
in each of the Ministry of Finance, FIV and OCEPRE with the appoint-
ments to be made pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (b) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement, and in each other Eligible Entity
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3 (d) of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, all to be put in charge of coordinating the studies,
programs or other activities to be carried out under the corres-
ponding Approved Sub-projects related to the Eligible Entity in
question; and
      (o)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of thirty million dollars ($30,000,000), being the sum of
withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued
by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; and
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in the Banco Central
de Venezuela on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Depo-
sits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996, or
Page  4
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of Quali-
fied Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding Semester,
plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates
specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay
interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate applicable during
such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified Bor-
rowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
            (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  there-of as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii) "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
            "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
      amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
      time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of Quali-
      fied Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
      Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of
      the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
      Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
      outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated
      at the rates applicable during such Interest Period."
            "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
      Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Quarter."
            "(c)  (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
      commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
      calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  5
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through
CORDIPLAN, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall ensure the
establishment of a coordinating unit in CORDIPLAN with adequate
powers to coordinate and administer all activities under the Project
in accordance with the Manual and the provisions of this Agreement,
including but not limited to, the approval of each Sub-project, the
liaison with each of the coordinators to be designated by Eligible
Entities and other administrative subdivisions or agencies of the
Borrower involved in Project execution activities and the issuance
of a statement, with respect to each contract entered into by the
Eligible Entity in question for the provision of consultants'
services or the supply of goods, of the lack of CORDIPLAN's
objection to such contract.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Loan avail-
able to CORDIPLAN and other Eligible Entities pursuant to the
provisions of the Investment Law and other applicable laws of the
Borrower, for purposes of the Project and on a non-reimbursable
free-of-charges basis.
      (d)   The Borrower shall: (i) ensure that the Manual is main-
tained in effect until the date on which the report referred to in
paragraph (c) of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions has been
furnished to the Bank; (ii) ensure that CORDIPLAN and each Eligible
Entity duly abide by the provisions thereof; and (iii) prevent the
Manual from being abrogated, waived, or modified without the Bank's
concurrence.
      (e)   In order to be assisted in the contracting of consultant
services for, and in the arrangements for training activities and
procurement of goods under, the Project, the Borrower shall, with an
agent acceptable to the Bank, enter into contractual arrangements
satisfactory to the Bank, and exercise all of its rights and comply
with all of its obligations under all such contractual arrangements.
      (f)   Without limitation or restriction on the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall maintain until the
date referred to in (d) above and cause the applicable Eligible
Entity to maintain persons of adequate experience and qualifications
in the positions of: (i) Project Manager; and (ii) Component
Coordinators.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) carry out all
studies included in the Project under terms of reference satis-
factory to the Bank; (ii) promptly after the completion of each such
study, furnish to the Bank a copy of its findings and recommenda-
tions; (iii) afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to comment on
such findings and recommendations; and (iv) where appropriate,
prepare plans of action for the carrying out of such recommendations
taking into account the Bank's comments thereon, providing such
adequate facilities, personnel and other resources as shall be
required to prepare such plans.
      (b)   The Borrower undertakes to carry out such plans of
action as required to meet the objectives of the Project, and shall
exchange views with the Bank regarding those plans of action that it
deems not feasible or appropriate to carry out as part of the
Page  6
Project.
      Section 3.04. (a) At the request of either party, the Borrower
and the Bank hereby agree to undertake, at a date not earlier than
the second anniversary of the Effective Date, and approximately on
each second anniversary thereafter, a review of the performance by
CORDIPLAN and each Eligible Entity in respect of activities under
the Project and pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement;
      (b)   during each such review, the parties, in light of the
results of the applicable review and on the basis of mutually agreed
performance indicators, will examine whether there are shortfalls in
respect of any expected performance and may determine whether
remedial actions are appropriate to overcome such shortfalls, if
any; and
      (c)   the Borrower shall take, or cause to be taken, any
remedial action that the Borrower and the Bank may have determined
as appropriate pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained separate records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of CORDIPLAN and of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof, including Eligible Entities.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  para-graph (a) of this Section, including the
                  Special Account and the records therefor, for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than four months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Bank shall from time to time rea-
                  sonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account, as
                  the case may be, was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, in-voices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
Page  7
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the proce-dures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that the Investment Law or CORDIPLAN laws have been
abrogated, amended or revoked, or their enforcement suspended, so as
to materially and adversely affect the carrying out of the Project
or CORDIPLAN's activities under the Project; and
      (b)   that the Management Contract has been terminated or
amended without the Bank's acquiescence.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely,
that any of the events specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of 30 days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Bank to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as addi-
tional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that a manual containing operating guidelines for the
preparation, submission to CORDIPLAN, selection and implementation
of Sub-projects proposed by an Eligible Entity as candidates to
become Approved Sub-projects, has been put into effect by the
Borrower in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank;
      (b)   that the Project Manager, and the Component Coordinators
for each of the Ministry of Finance, FIV and OCEPRE have been
appointed;
      (c)   that the unit referred to in paragraph (b) of Section
3.01 of this Agreement has been established and staffed, both in
form and substance satisfactory to the Bank; and
      (d)   that the Management Contract has become effective.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank, namely, that the Manual has been duly put
into effect and that the adherence thereto by a given Eligible
Entity constitutes a legally binding obligation of said Entity to
abide by the provisions of the Manual in respect of the carrying out
of one or more Approved Sub-projects.
      Section 6.03. The date of January 15, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
Page  8
      Section 7.01.  The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Hacienda
            Direccion General
            Sectorial de Finanzas Publicas
            Edificio Norte, Piso 5
            Centro Simon Bolivar
            Caracas 1010, Venezuela
                                           Telex:
                                             24215 HDACP
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
                  By /s/ Carlos Stark
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                           Loan Allocated            % of
Page  9
                           (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category          Dollar Equivalent)      to be Financed
(1) Expenditures
    under Parts A,
    B, C, D, E
    and F of the
    Project
    (a)  Consultants'
         services and
         training:
        (i)   under           16,000,000        100%
              Approved
              Sub-projects
              for Pre-
              investment
              under Part A
              of the
              Project;
       (ii)   under            2,850,000        100%
              Parts B, E
              and F of the
              Project;
                           Amount of the
                          Loan Allocated            % of
                           (Expressed in        Expenditures
           Category     Dollar Equivalent)      to be Financed
      (iii)   under            2,000,000        100%
              Approved
              Sub-projects
              under Part C
              of the Project
       (iv)   under              130,000        100%
              Approved
              Sub-projects
              under Part D
              of the Project
    (b)  Goods:
        (i)   under            1,000,000    )   100% of foreign
              Approved                      )   expenditures,
              Sub-projects                  )   100% of local
              for Pre-                      )   expenditures
              investment                    )   (ex-factory
              under Part A                  )   cost) and 85%
              of the Project                )   of local ex-
                                            )   penditures for
                                            )   other items
       (ii)   under Parts B      300,000    )   procured locally
              and F of the                  )
              Project                       )
                                            )
      (iii)   under              520,000    )
              Approved                      )
              Sub-projects                  )
              under Part C                  )
              of the                        )
              Project; and                  )
                                            )
                                            )
                          Amount of the
                          Loan Allocated            % of
                           (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category          Dollar Equivalent)      to be Financed
Page  10
       (iv)   under              200,000    )
              Approved                      )
              Sub-projects                  )
              under Part D                  )
              of the                        )
              Project                       )
(2) Expenditures
    under Approved
    Sub-projects
    under Part G
    of the Project
    (a)  Consultants'          1,500,000        100%
         services and
         training
    (b)  Goods                 1,000,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures, and
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory cost)
                                                and 85% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(3) Consultants'               4,500,000        100%
    services
    and training
    under Approved
    Sub-projects
    under Part H of the
    Project
                              __________
         TOTAL                30,000,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect of:
       (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $500,000, may be made on account of
payments made for expenditures under the Project before that date
but after the date of promulgation of the Investment Law;
       (b)  payments made for expenditures for an Approved Sub-
project unless: (i) the Bank has dispatched its notice of approval
thereof; (ii) CORDIPLAN has acknowledged receipt of said notice; and
(iii) CORDIPLAN has furnished to the Bank evidence, satisfactory to
the Bank, with respect to: (A) the adherence to the Manual of the
corresponding Eligible Entity or Entities; and (B) CORDIPLAN's non-
objection to the contract or contracts applicable pursuant to para-
graph (b) of Section 3.01 of this Agreement and CORDIPLAN's certifi-
cation that said contract or contracts have been entered into on
terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of this Agree-
ment and the Manual;
Page  11
      (c)   payments made for expenditures under an Approved Sub-
project for Pre-investment or an Approved Sub-project under Part C
of the Project, unless: the Borrower's Ministry with jurisdiction
over the Sub-project and CORDIPLAN have cleared a proposal to estab-
lish, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank, positions in
the areas of sectoral planning, project evaluation and project moni-
toring, and that such proposal has been submitted to the Borrower's
Oficina Central de Personal (Civil Service Office); provided,
however, that, the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to
any Approved Sub-project related to the establishment of the
position or positions in question in one or more of the Borrower's
Ministries; and
      (d)   payments for expenditures under an Approved Sub-project
unless a Component Coordinator has been appointed by the Eligible
Entity in question.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (a) to provide an assured
and flexible source of financing in order to build up a pipeline of
well-prepared projects, each of them suitable to support a request
for financial assistance from the Bank; (b) to strengthen the
Borrower's Government capabilities to identify, select, prepare,
implement and monitor sound investment projects; (c) to strengthen
the Borrower's financial management; and (d) to help implement the
Borrower's public enterprise program, including attainment of its
goal of setting a policy framework within which future sound
infrastructure projects would be included.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
      Execution of Approved Sub-projects for Pre-investment in
accordance with the Manual.
Part B:
1.    Strengthening of CORDIPLAN in areas related to internal
organization, macro-economic planning and management, sectoral and
regional policy and public investment evaluation (including social
and environmental aspects of project design) programming and moni-
toring, and such other areas as may be agreed from time to time
between the Borrower and the Bank.
2.    Strengthening of the Secretariat of the Restructuring Commit-
tee located in CORDIPLAN.
Part C:
1.    Execution of Approved Sub-projects in accordance with the
Manual aimed at strengthening Sectoral Ministries in sectoral
planning, project identification, selection, and evaluation
including development and utilization of uniform methods for
economic and social cost-benefit analysis and environmental impact
of the project in question, and development of uniform monitoring
systems for tracking the physical and financial progress achieved by
project execution.
2.    Execution of Approved Sub-projects in accordance with the
Manual aimed at developing compatible information systems in, and
linkages to make information gathered pursuant to the methods
and systems to be developed under 1 above available to OCEPRE,
CORDIPLAN and the Borrower's Ministry of Finance.
Part D:
Page  12
      Execution of Approved Sub-projects in accordance with the
Manual aimed at strengthening OCEPRE in budget preparation and
control, including development of studies for purposes of Part C.2
of the Project.
Part E:
      A training program aimed at strengthening the capabilities of
CORDIPLAN, Sectoral Ministries and Eligible Entities, particularly
in respect of procurement, contracting, accounting, withdrawal of
available resources, auditing of accounts and records, and environ-
mental assessment, and other aspects of project preparation, execu-
tion and monitoring and for identical purposes but with respect to
other Bank financed projects in Venezuela.
Part F:
      Acquisition of services and goods for, and utilization thereof
by, the unit established pursuant to paragraph (c) of Section 6.01
of this Agreement, including auditing services for purposes of
Section 4.01 of this Agreement and for identical purposes but with
respect to other Bank financed projects in Venezuela.
Part G:
      Execution of Approved Sub-projects in accordance with the
Manual aimed at the strengthening of: (i) the Borrower's Ministry of
Finance in areas related to internal organization; (ii) information
management; (iii) administration accounting of DINCA; (iv) expendi-
ture control and monitoring capabilities of Treasury; and (v) tax
administration, and at the development of adequate systems for
purposes of Part C.2 of the Project and of linkages for the informa-
tion so obtained, as and when appropriate, to OCEPRE, CORDIPLAN and
the applicable Sectoral Ministry or Ministries.
Part H:
      A program of consultant services for purposes of providing
technical assistance, including training and studies, all in support
of the Borrower's Public Enterprise Adjustment Program and, in
particular, in respect of the execution of Approved Sub-projects in
accordance with the Manual related to: (i) privatization of enter-
prises; or (ii) restructuring of one or more selected enterprises;
or (iii) review of the financial, legal and tutelary relationships
amongst public enterprises and between each such enterprise and the
corresponding Borrower's Ministry or Ministries.
Part I:
      Acquisition and utilization of office and computer equipment,
and software for Parts A through D, F and G of the Project, and
supplies and maintenance items therefor, and technical assistance
and training services for all the Parts of the Project.
Part J:
      Execution of such additional studies, training, technical
assistance programs and equipment acquisition and utilization, all
acceptable to the Bank, as may be required to foster the objectives
of the Project.
                           *     *     *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                           Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                          (expressed in dollars)*
On each February 15 and August 15
Page  13
     beginning February 15, 1996
     through August 15, 2005                    1,500,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                  Premium
                                  The interest rate (ex-
                                  pressed as a percentage
                                  per annum) applicable to
                                  the Loan on the day of
                                  prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                 0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but                 0.40
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                   0.73
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not            0.87
     more than thirteen years
     before maturity
More than thirteen years before           1.00
     maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Venezuela may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost more than the
equivalent of $50,000 may be procured under contracts awarded
through limited international bidding procedures on the basis of
evaluation and comparison of bids invited from a list of at least
three qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
Page  14
2.    Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $50,000 may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at
least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out of the
Project, particularly in respect of each Approved Sub-project, the
Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with prin-
ciples and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and
by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in
August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories 1, 2 and
3 set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
Page  15
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                  deposits into the Special Account at such
                  intervals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to paragraph
                  4 of this Schedule for the payment or payments in
                  respect of which replenishment is requested. On
                  the basis of each such request, the Bank shall,
                  on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
                  Account and deposit into the Special Account such
                  amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                  as shall have been shown by said documents and
                  other evidence to have been made out of the
                  Special Account for eligible expenditures. All
                  such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from                  
the Loan Account under the respective eligible
                  Categories, and in the respective equivalent
                  amounts, as shall have been justified by said
                  documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
for the Project shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Bank shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
Page  16
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
