Page  1
                                   Loan Number 2826 MOR
                    Loan Agreement
         (Greater Casablanca Sewerage Project)
                        between
                  KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 27, 1987
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2826 MOR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1987, between KINGDOM OF
MOROCCO (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  Part A of the Project will be carried out by
the Regie Autonome Intercommunale de Distribution d'Eau
et d'Electricite de Casablanca (hereinafter called RAD)
with the Borrower's assistance and as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to RAD part
of the proceeds of the Loan as hereinafter provided;
     (C)  Part B of the Project will be carried out with
the Borrower's assistance within their respective areas
of operation by Regie Autonome de Distribution d'Eau et
d'Electricite de Fes (hereinafter called RADEEF), Regie
Autonome Intercommunale de Distribution d'Eau et
d'Electrcite de la Province de Marrakech (hereinafter
called RADEEMA), Regie Autonome Intercommunale de
Distribution d'Eau et d'Electrcite de Meknes,
(hereinafter called RADEEM), Regie Autonome
Intercommunale de Distribution d'Electricite et d'Eau de
la Province de Tanger (hereinafter called RAID), Regie
Autonome Intercommunale de Distribution d'Electricite et
d'Eau de Rabat-Sale (hereinafter called RED), Regie
Autonome Multiservices d'Agadir (hereinafter called
Page  2
RAMSA), Regie Autonome de Distribution d'Eau et
d'Electricite de Nador (hereinafter called RADEEN) and
Regie Autonome de Distribution d'Eau et d'Electricite de
Settat (hereinafter called RADEEC), (RADEEF, RADEEMA,
RADEEM, RAID, RED, RAMSA, RADEEN and RADEEC hereinafter
collectively called the Regies and individually sometimes
called a Regie); and as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to each of the Regies part
of the proceeds of the Loan as hereinafter provided; and
     Whereas the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and RAD;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby are as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Basic Legislation" means the following
legislation of the Borrower: (i) in the case of the
Regies, Decret No. 2-64-394 dated September 29, 1964,
pertaining to the establishment and operation of local
statutory authorities, Dahir No. 1-59-271 dated April 14,
1960, as amended by Dahir No. 1-61-402 dated June 30,
1962 pertaining to the Borrower's financial control of
its agencies, public institutions and statutory
corporations, its agencies, Dahir No. 1-60-121 dated
March 23, 1962, as amended by Dahir No. 1-63-199 dated
November 13, 1963, relating to municipal taxes and Dahir
setting forth Law No. 1-76-583 of September 30, 1976,
pertaining to local government organization; and (ii) in
the case RAD, all of the foregoing and, in addition,
Dahir No. 1-61-218 dated October 21, 1961, pertaining to
the establishment and operation of RAD, Decret No. 2-61-
396 dated July 10, 1962, giving effect to the provisions
of Dahir No. 1-61-218, Decision of the Constitutional
Chamber of the Supreme Court of the Borrower No. 196
dated May 16, 1986, relating to RAD's provision of
sewerage services and Dahir No. 388-66 dated June 24,
1966, pertaining to the finances and accounts of RAD,
together with any other laws, decrees or decisions of the
Borrower affecting the establishments and operations of
the Regies and RAD.
     (b)  "Cahier des Charges" means the Cahier des
Charges of RAD as approved by Arrete No. 537-87 dated
April 1, 1987 of the Borrower's Minister of the Interior,
as the same may be modified from time to time;
     (c)  "Category" means a category of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan as set forth in
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (d)  "DH" or "Dirham" means the currency of the
Borrower;
Page  3
     (e)  "FEC" means FONDS d'EQUIPEMENT COMMUNAL, an
agency of the Borrower, established under Dahir No. 159-
169 dated June 13, 1959 and operating pursuant to Decret
No. 2-60-012 dated January 15, 1960;
     (f)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and RAD of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such terms includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project
Agreement;
     (g)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (h)  "Subsidiary Loan" means a loan made or proposed
to be made by the Borrower out of the proceeds of the
Loan to RAD for Part A of the Project or to a Regie for
Part B of the Project, pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) or
Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement, as the case may be;
and
     (i)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower, on
the one hand, and RAD and each of the Regies,
respectively, on the other, pursuant to Section 3.01 (c)
and Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreements; and
"Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means any one of the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to sixty million dollars
($60,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the central bank of the Borrower on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1996 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest in
the principal amount of the loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
Page  4
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commending on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually February 1 and August 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to time objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out Part B of the Project through the Regies, with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial engineering and
public utility practices, and shall provide or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for said Part of
the Project.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause RAD to perform in accordance with
the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of RAD therein set forth, shall take or cause
to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources necessary or
appropriate to enable RAD to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
would prevent or interfere with such performance.
     (c)  For the purpose of carrying out part A of the
Project, the Borrower shall relend to RAD the proceeds of
the Loan allocated from time to time to Category (1)
under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and RAD, under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Bank, and which
shall include, without limitation, those set forth in
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (d)  For the purpose of carrying out Part B of the
Project, the Borrower shall relend to each of the Regies
Page  5
the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to
Category (2) under a subsidiary loan agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and the Regie
concerned, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Bank and which shall include,
without limitation, those set forth in Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
     (e)  The Borrower shall: (i) exercise its rights
under each of the Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and
the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary
Loan Agreements or any provision thereof; and (ii) cause
each of the Regies to perform in accordance with the
provisions of its Subsidiary Loan Agreement all the
obligations of the Regie therein set forth and shall take
all action necessary or appropriate to enable the Regie
to perform such obligations, and shall not take or permit
to be taken any such action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall take all
measures necessary to ensure that the Regies shall: (i)
not later than November 1, 1987, or such later date as
the Bank may agree, employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms of reference shall
be satisfactory to the Bank, to assist the Regies in
carrying out the studies included in Part B of the
Project; (ii) furnish to the Borrower's Ministry of the
Interior and to the Bank bi-monthly reports prepared by
said consultants on the progress of said studies; and
(iii) have said studies completed and copies thereof,
together with the recommendations based thereon furnished
to the Borrower and the Bank not later than June 30,
1990, or such later date as the Bank may agree.
     (b)  The Borrower shall implement not later than
January 1, 1991, or such later date as the Bank may
agree, such of said recommendations as shall have been
agreed upon between the Borrower and the Bank.
     Section 3.04. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part A of the
Project shall be carried out by RAD pursuant to Section
2.04 of the Project Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
Page  6
               (i)  have the records and accounts
                    referred to in paragraph (a) of this
                    Section and those for the Special
                    Account for each fiscal year
                    audited, in accordance with
                    appropriate auditing principles
                    consistently applied by independent
                    auditors acceptable to the Bank;
               (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as
                    available, but in any case not later
                    than six months after the end of
                    each such year, the report of such
                    audit by said auditors, of such
                    scope and in such detail as the Bank
                    shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records
                    and accounts and the audit thereof
                    as the Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall take all
measures necessary to ensure that
budgetary allocations shall be made for each fiscal year
in the relevant budget or budgets of the municipalities
in whose jurisdictions the Regies operate in amounts
sufficient to ensure the servicing of the debt incurred
by the Regies to finance the studies included in Part B
of the Project.
     Section 4.03. (a) The Borrower shall take all
measures necessary to ensure that:
          (i)  the balance of all sewerage bills due and
               payable as at December 31, 1987 by its
               public agencies to RAD shall be paid to
               RAD not later than April 30, 1988;
Page  7
          (ii) each of its public agencies shall pay its
               sewerage bills, other than the bills
               referred to in subparagraph (i) of this
               paragraph, within 90 days after the date
               of each such bill; and
          (iii)     budgetary allocations shall be made
                    for each fiscal year in the relevant
                    budget or budgets of its public
                    agencies in amounts sufficient to
                    ensure the fulfillment of the
                    obligations set forth in
                    subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of this
                    paragraph.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  the term "public agencies" means the
               political or administrative sub-divisions
               of the Borrower, or entities owned or
               controlled by, or operating for the
               account or benefit of, the Borrower or
               any of its political or administrative
               subdivisions; and
          (ii) the term "sewerage bills" means, in
               respect of each of the public agencies,
               the amounts periodically billed by RAD to
               such agency for the provision of sewerage
               and related services to such agency.
     Section 4.04. Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 3.01 of this Agreement, he
Borrower shall take all measures necessary to enable RAD,
promptly as required, to adjust the structure of levels
of its rates in order to comply with its obligations set
forth in Section 4.0 of the Project Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  RAD shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement or RAD or any of
the Regies shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under its Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Loan Agreement an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that RAD
will be able to perform its obligations under the Project
Agreement or that RAD or any of the Regies will be able
to perform any of its obligations under its Subsidiary
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The Basic Legislation of the Borrower shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely the
ability of RAD to perform any of its obligations under
the Project Agreement or under its Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any of the Regies to perform any of its
obligations under its subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     (d)  The Cahier des Charges shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of RAD to perform
any of its obligations under the Project Agreement or
under its Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Page  8
     (e)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of RAD or of any of the
Regies or for the suspension of the operations of RAD or
of any of the Regies.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and
(e) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement between the Borrower and RAD has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and RAD.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by RAD and is legally binding upon
RAD in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement between the
Borrower and RAD has been duly authorized or ratified by
the Borrower and RAD and is legally binding upon the
Borrower and RAD in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          Rabat
          Kingdom of Morocco
          Cable Address:           Telex:
               MINISTERE FINANCES          31936M
               Rabat
     For the Bank:
Page  9
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
          18118 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                         By
                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By
                                Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Loan Allocated       % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category         Dollar Equivalent)to be Financed
(1)    For Part A of
   the Project:
   (a) replacement     11,410,000       60%
       rehabilita-
       tion, inspec-
       tion and clean-
       ing of sewerage
       networks
   (b) works other     13,420,000       35%
       than those
       related to in
       Category (1) (a)
   (c) Pipes and       12,970,000       100% of foreign
       other goods                      expenditures and
                                        35% of local ex-
Page  10
                                        penditures
   (d) Consultants'     7,200,000       65%
       services and
       training
(2)    Consultants'
   services under
   Part B of the
   Project for:
   (a) RAMSA            1,090,000       100%
   (b) RADEEF           1,550,000       100%
   (c) RADEEMA            910,000       100%
   (d) RADEEM             910,000       100%
   (e) RADEEN             550,000       100%
   (f) RED              2,820,000       100%
   (g) RADEEC             550,000       100%
   (h) RAID             1,180,000       100%
       TOTAL           60,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1
above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement; and
     (b)  expenditures, in respect of studies to be
carried out by a Regie under Part B of the Project, to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated to
Category (2), unless and until evidence (including one or
more legal opinions) satisfactory to the Bank shall have
been furnished to the Bank, establishing that:
          (i)   a Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
                executed on behalf of, and is legally
                binding upon, the Borrower and the
                Regie, in accordance with its terms;
          (ii)  the Regie has concluded with FEC a
                financing agreement, on terms and
                conditions satisfactory to the Bank,
                providing for a loan from FEC to such
                Regie to assist in the financing of such
                studies; and
          (iii)      the municipality or municipalities
                     within whose jurisdiction the
                     Regie operates, has or have made
                     with the Regie, arrangements,
                     satisfactory to the Bank, whereby
                     the Regie has been duly authorized
Page  11
                     and has undertaken to carry out
                     for the account of said
                     municipality or municipalities
                     such studies.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to assist the
Borrower in: (i) preventing further deterioration of the
existing sewerage systems in the Greater Casablanca area
through an extensive rehabilitation program; (ii) meeting
the increasing domestic and industrial demand for
sewerage and storm drainage; (iii) identifying the least
cost alternative for the treatment, disposal and possible
reutilization of waste water and reducing the impact of
waste water discharge on the environment; (iv) providing
for effective operation and maintenance of sewerage
facilities and standardization in the quality of design
and implementation of sewerage extension works; and (v)
promoting the development of appropriate institutional,
financial and technical structures to manage sewerage
services in urban centers.
     The Project consists of the following parts,
subject to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and
the Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:   RAD
1.   Replacement of Sewers and Pumping Stations
     Replacement of about 60 kilometers of primary,
secondary and tertiary sewers and three pumping stations
located in Mohammedia, Ain Sebaa and the eastern
industrial zone of Casablanca, respectively.
2.   Rehabilitation of Sewerage Networks
     (a)  Rehabilitation and repair of about one
          kilometer of two major collectors in the
          Casablanca city center.
     (b)  Inspection, cleaning and mapping of about
          1,000 kilometers of sewerage networks in
          Greater Casablanca.
     (c)  Rehabilitation of about 200 kilometers of
          secondary and tertiary sewers.
3.   Construction of Sewerage Networks
     Construction of about 410 kilometers of sewers and
overflow structures.
4.   Provision of Equipment
     Provision to RAD's sewerage department of operation
and maintenance equipment, training equipment, vehicles
and machinery required in the carrying on of its
operations.
5.   Technical Assistance
     (a)  Development and implementation of a technical
          assistance and training program to assist RAD
          in developing its sewerage management
          capabilities.
     (b)  Carrying out of sewerage feasibility studies,
Page  12
          including preparation of detailed design and
          bidding documents, to reassess the treatment
          and disposal of waste water in the Greater
          Casablanca area.
Part B:   Regies
     Carrying out of sewerage feasibility studies and
master plans, including preparation of detailed design
and bidding documents, and institutional, training and
financial studies for Agadir, Fes, Marrakech, Meknes,
Rabat, Tangier, Settat and Nador.
             *        *        *        *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1995.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
Date Payment Due           Payment of Principal(Expressed in dollars)
On each February 1 and August 1
     beginning February 1, 1994
2,145,000
     through February 1, 2007
On August 1, 2007
2,085,000
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                    Premium
                                      The interest rate
                                      (expressed as a
                                      percentage per
                                      annum) applicable
                                      to the balance
                                      outstanding on
                                      the Loan on the
                                      day of prepayment
                                      multiplied by:
Not more than three years                  0.15
     before maturity
More than three years but                  0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                    0.55
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not             0.80
     more than sixteen years
     before maturity
More than sixteen years but not            0.90
     more than eighteen years
     before maturity
More than eighteen years before            1.00
     maturity
Page  13
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means
          Categories (1) and (2);
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $2,500,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank
requests for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify. On the basis of such
requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account such amounts as
shall be required to replenish the Special Account with
amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made out of
the Special Account for eligible expenditures. All such
deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by the evidence supporting the request for such
deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
                (i)  the Bank shall have determined
                     that all further withdrawals
                     should be made by the Borrower
Page  14
                     directly from the Loan Account in
                     accordance with the provisions of
                     Article V of the General
                     Conditions and paragraph (a) of
                     Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
                (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of
                     the Loan allocated to the eligible
                     Categories, minus the amount of
                     any outstanding special commitment
                     entered into by the Bank pursuant
                     to Section 5.02 of the General
                     Conditions with respect to the
                     Project, shall be equal to the
                     equivalent of twice the amount of
                     the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures
as the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a) If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank, deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank) an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. No further deposit
by the Bank into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  if the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
                      SCHEDULE 5
              Subsidiary Loan Agreements:
                    Principal Terms
     For purposes of Sections 3.01 (c) and 3.01 (d) of
this Agreement, the Borrower shall conclude Subsidiary
Loan Agreements with RAD and with each of the Regies
under the principal terms set forth or referred to below.
A.   The principal amount of the Subsidiary Loan shall
     be repaid to the Borrower over a period not
     exceeding 20 years from the date of this Agreement,
     inclusive of a grace period not exceeding 6 years.
B.   The principal amount of the Subsidiary Loan
repayable to the Borrower shall be the equivalent in
Dirhams (determined as of the date or respective dates of
repayment by RAD, or the Regie, as the case may be) of
the value of the currency or currencies withdrawn from
the Loan Account or paid out of the Special Account on
account of goods and services to be financed under such
subsidiary Loan out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated
from time to time to Category (1) or Category (2), as the
case may be.
Page  15
C.   RAD or the Regie, as the case may be, shall pay to
the Borrower interest on the principal amount of its
subsidiary Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time at the rate applicable from time to time to the Loan
pursuant to Section 2.05 of this Agreement, and all other
amounts or charges paid or payable by the Borrower on the
proceeds of the Loan made available to RAD, or the Regie,
as the case may be, pursuant to its Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 6
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and
works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for the supply
of pipes to be financed under Category (1) (c) shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent
of $2,000,000 or more each, and contracts for the supply
of operations and maintenance equipment to be financed
under Category (1) (c) shall be grouped in bid packages
estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or more
each.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Morocco may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Works for the rehabilitation of primary, secondary
and tertiary sewers, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed equivalent of $2,600,000, and to be financed under
Category (1) (a) may be carried out by RAD in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Works for the rehabilitation of secondary and
tertiary sewers, estimated to cost less than the
equivalent of $500,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $4,730,000, and to
be financed under Category (1) (a) may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   Works and pipelaying to be financed under Category
(1) (b) may be awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
2.   Review of invitation to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
Page  16
     (a)  With respect to (i) each contract for
replacement of sewers and pumping stations to be financed
under Category (1) (a), (ii) each contract for the
rehabilitation of sewers to be awarded in accordance with
the procedures referred to in Part A.1 of this Section I
and to be financed under Category (1) (a), (iii) each
contract for works and pipelaying estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more and to be financed under
Category (1) (b), (iv) each contract for inspection and
cleaning of sewerage networks to be financed under
Category (1) (a) and (v) each contract for the supply of
pipes and or operations and maintenance equipment to be
financed under Category (1) (c), the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure at the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior
to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
3.   The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     Consultants' services shall be procured under
contracts awarded to consultants: (A) whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank; and (B) who
shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank August 1981.
