Page  1
                                         LOAN NUMBER 2826 MOR
                      Project Agreement
            (Greater Casablanca Sewerage Project)
                           between
            INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                       AND DEVELOPMENT
                             and
        REGIE AUTONOME INTERCOMMUNALE DE DISTRIBUTION
            D'EAU ET D'ELECTRICITE DE CASABLANCA
                     Dated July 27, 1987
                                         LOAN NUMBER 2826 MOR
                      PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1987, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and REGIE AUTONOME
INTERCOMMUNALE DE DISTRIBUTION D'EAU ET D'ELECTRICITE DE CASABLANCA
(RAD).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Kingdom of Morocco (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to sixty million dollars ($60,000,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that RAD agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and RAD, part of the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be made available to RAD on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS RAD, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                          ARTICLE I
                         Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
Page  2
respective meanings therein set forth.
                         ARTICLE II
                  Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01.   RAD declares its commitment to the
objectives of the project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Part A
of the Project.
      Section 2.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part A of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 6 to the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a)  In order to assist RAD in carrying out Part
A.5 (a) of the Project,  RAD shall continue to employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms of reference shall be
satisfactory to the Bank.  RAD shall: furnish to the Bank for the
Bank's review and comments, the training program included in said
Part of the Project promptly upon the preparation thereof; and
thereafter, but in any event not later than July 1, 1988, or such
later date as the Bank may agree, commence said training program on
the basis of the Bank's comments thereon.
      (b)  In order to assist RAD in carrying out the feasibility
studies included in Part A.5 (b) of the Project, RAD shall, not
later than November 1, 1987, or such later date as the Bank may
agree, employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
of reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank.  RAD shall: take all
measures necessary to ensure that said studies shall be completed
and copies thereof, together with the recommendations based thereon,
furnished to the Borrower and the Bank for their review and comments
not later than May 1, 1990 or such later date than July 1, 1991, or
such later date as the Bank may agree; and thereafter, but in any
event not later than July 1, 1991, or such later date as the Bank
may agree, implement such of said recommendations as shall have been
agreed among the Borrower, the Bank and RAD.
      Section 2.04.  (a)  RAD shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement
and Part A of the Project.
      (b)  Without limitation on the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, RAD shall, not later than the end of each calendar
quarter, furnish a report to the Borrower's Ministry of the Interior
and to the Bank on the progress of Part A of the Project, such
report to include a tabulation of the achievement of RAD's
performance on the basis of indicators satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.05. RAD shall duly perform all its obligations under
its Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, RAD shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waving its
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) RAD shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of Part A of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
and under its Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other matters relating
to the purposes of the Loan.
Page  3
      (b)  RAD shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by RAD of its obligations under this Agreement and under
its Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                         ARTICLE III
              Management and Operations of RAD
      Section 3.01. RAD shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. RAD shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
technical practices.
      Section 3.03. RAD shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                         ARTICLE IV
                     Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) RAD shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)  RAD shall:
           (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                 statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                 and expenses and related statements) for each
                 Fiscal Year audited, in accordance with
                 appropriate auditing principles consistently
                 applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                 the Bank;
           (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                 any case not later than six months after the end
                 of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                 financial statements for such year as so audited,
                 and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                 of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                 shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                 concerning said records, accounts and financial
                 statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                 Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
RAD shall produce, for each of its fiscal years, commencing with its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1987, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 40% of the annual average of RAD's
capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that
year, the previous fiscal year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)  Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, RAD
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by RAD and satisfactory to
the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in
paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of such year and the next
Page  4
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copu of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)  If any such review shows that RAD would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for RAD's
fiscal years covered by such review, RAD shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of
the structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
           (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                 difference between:
                 (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                      related to sewerage operations, net non-
                      operating income and any reduction in
                      working capital other than cash but
                      excluding consumer and developer deposits
                      and consumer and developer contributions in
                      aid of construction; and
                 (B)  the sum of all expenses related to sewerage
                      operations, including administration,
                      adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                      lieu of taxes (excluding provision for
                      depreciation and other non-cash operating
                      charges), debt service requirements, all
                      cash dividends and other cash distributions
                      of surplus, increase in working capital
                      other than cash and other cash outflows
                      other than capital expenditures.
          (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                 difference between:
                 (A)  revenues from all sources other than those
                      related to sewerage operations; and
                 (B)  expenses, including taxes and payments in
                      lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                      of revenues in (A) above.
         (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means
                 the difference between current assets excluding
                 cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                 fiscal year.
          (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                 all assets other than cash which could in the
                 ordinary course of business be converted into
                 cash within twelve months, including accounts
                 receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                 and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                 operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
           (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all
                 liabilities which will become due and payable or
                 could under circumstances then existing be called
                 for payment within twelve months, including
                 accounts payable, customer advances, debt service
                 requirements, taxes and payments in lieu of
                 taxes, and dividends.
          (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                 aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                 fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                 charges on, debt.
         (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
Page  5
                 expenditures incurred on account of fixed assets,
                 including interest charged to construction,
                 related to sewerage operations but excluding
                 capital expenditures financed by consumer and
                 developer deposits or consumer and developer
                 contributions in aid of construction.
         (viii)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                 shall be necessary to value, in terms of Dirham,
                 debt payable in another currency, such valuation
                 shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
                 lawful rate of exchange at which such other
                 currency is, at the time of such valuation,
                 obtainable for the purposes of servicing such
                 debt, or, in the absence of such rate, on the
                 basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to the
                 Bank.
      Section 4.03. RAD shall promptly bill the Borrower's public
agencies (as such term is defined in Section 4.03 of the Loan
Agreement) so as to enable said public agencies to fulfill the
obligations set forth in Sections 4.03 (a) (i) and 4.03 (a) (ii) of
the Loan Agreement.
                          ARTICLE V
                Effective Date; Termination;
                 Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of RAD thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify RAD thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                         ARTICLE VI
                  Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
           International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
           1818 H Street, N.W.
           Washington, D.C. 20433
           United States of America
           Cable address:              Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD               440098 (RCA)
                 Washington, D.C.        248423 (FTCC) or
                                          64145 (WUI)
Page  6
      For RAD:
           Regie Autonome Intercommunale de
             Distribution d'Eau et d'Electricite
             de Casablanca
           48 Mohamed Diouri
           Boite Postale 88
           Casablanca
           Royaume du Maroc
                                       Telex:
                                         23008 M
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of RAD may be taken or executed by the Director
General of RAD or such other person or persons as said Director
General shall designate in writing, and RAD shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                 INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                   RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                 By /s/ Kermal Dervis
                               Acting Regional Vice President
                         Europe, Middle East and North Africa
        REGIE AUTONOME INTERCOMMUNALE DE DISTRIBUTION
            D'EAU ET D'ELECTRICITE DE CASABLANCA
                 By /s/ M'hamed Bargach
                                    Authorized Representative
