Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2038 STP
                       Development Credit Agreement
                           (Multisector Project)
                                  between
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                            Dated July 19, 1989
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2038 STP
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 19, 1989, between DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO
TOME AND PRINCIPE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from bilateral and multilateral
aid and development organizations (hereinafter called "Additional
Financiers") loans and grants (hereinafter called "Additional Funding") to
assist in financing part of the Project and in expanding the activities of
the Social and Infrastructure Fund (SIF) on the terms and conditions to be
set forth in agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and each of
the Additional Financiers;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter of the
foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Development Credit
Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with the last
sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms
have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SIF" means the Social and Infrastructure Fund (Fundo Social e
de Infrastructuras), established by the Borrower's Decreto-Lei No. 45/88
dated December 8, 1988, as a legal entity under the supervision (tutela) of
the Prime Minister;
      (b)   "Subsidiary Administration Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SIP, pursuant to Section 3.01(b) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Administration Agreement;
      (c)   "SA Subproject" means a social assistance subproject including,
inter alia, subprojects related to nutrition, health care, education and
training;
      (d)   "SI Subproject" means a social infrastructure improvement
subproject including, inter alia, construction or rehabilitation subprojects
related to water supply, sanitary or storm drainage, solid waste management,
urban roads and streets, low-income housing, schools and medical centers;
      (e)   "EI Subproject" means an economic improvement subproject
including, inter alia, subprojects related to production activities such as
markets, manufacturing cooperatives, governmental services to be privatized,
and working capital credit for private entrepreneurship;
      (f)   "Subprojects" means collectively SA Subprojects, SI Subprojects
and El Subprojects; and "Subproject" means any one of such Subprojects;
      (g)   "Beneficiaries" means residents of Sao Tome and Principe
deriving benefits from Subprojects directly or indirectly and who are
adversely affected by the current economic conditions and/or by the economic
stabilization measures taken by the Borrower including, inter alia,
unemployed persons from both the private and public sectors, their families,
those persons with critical nutritional or health needs, and those
individuals or private small-scale enterprises operating in the economic
sector;
      (h)   "Sponsoring Agency" means any of the governmental and non-
governmental entities which proposes to carry out, or is carrying out, a
Subproject;
      (i)   "Subproject Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between SIF and a Sponsoring Agency for the purposes of carrying out a
Subproject and under which SIF agrees to provide acing on a grant or a loan
basis out of the proceeds of the Credit;
      (j)   "SIF By-laws" means the statutes regulating the organization and
operations of SIF to be adopted by SIF pursuant to Section 7.01 (c) of this
Agreement;
      (k)   "SIF Operational Procedures Guide" means the guide to be adopted
by SIF pursuant to Section 7.01 (c) of this Agreement for appraising,
processing and monitoring Subprojects;
      (l)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in 2.02 (b) of
this Agreement;
      (m)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project preparation
advance granted by the Association to the Borrower to an exchange of letters
dated September 15, 1988 and October 5, 1988 between the Borrower and the
Association; and
Page  3
      (n)   "Dobra" means the currency of the Borrower.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower, terms
and conditions set forth or referred to in the Development Credit Agreement,
an amount in various currencies equivalent to three million nine hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement:
            (i)   for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so
                  agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
                  goods and services required for Part B of the Project
                  described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be
                  financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; and
            (ii)  for amounts disbursed (or, if the Association shall so
                  agree, for disbursements required to be made) under
                  Subprojects in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
                  and services required for Part A of the Project and to be
                  financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
                  the provisions of Schedules 1 and 4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open and
maintain in dollars a special account in a commercial bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and pay to itself
the amount required to repay the principal amount of the Project Preparation
Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid
charges thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from
time to time at a rate to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each
year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per
annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date sixty days
after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to the respective dates
on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit Account
or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the June 30 immediately
preceding the accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time
to time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June
30 in each year shall be applied from the next date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charges shall be paid: (i) at such places as the
Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind
imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions or in such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time
to time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a service
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to
Page  4
time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semiannual
installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing December 1,
1999 and ending June 1, 2029. Each installment to and including the
installment payable on June 1, 2009 shall be one percent (I%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%)
of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per capita,
as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985
dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the
Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent to
the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the
Association and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of installments under
paragraph (a) above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of
each such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association may
revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all of the increase
in the amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual
rate agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant element
obtained under the above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the Borrower's economic
condition has deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform
to the schedule of installments an provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. SIF is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken under
the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and,
to this end, shall carry out the Project through SIP with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate financial, administrative and
managerial practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall enter into a subsidiary administration
agreement (the Subsidiary Administration Agreement) with SIP, under terms
and conditions which shall have been approved by the Association, providing
inter alia for:
            (i)   the transfer of the proceeds of the Credit on a grant
                  basis to SIP for the purposes of carrying out the
                  Project; and
            (ii)  the obligation of SIP to carry out the Project in
                  accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in
                  this Agreement, including the policies and procedures set
                  forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit
Page  5
and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Administration Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Until the completion of the Project, the Borrower shall
cause SIF to keep all key personnel positions filled at all times with staff
having qualifications and experience acceptable to the Association, and to
consult with the Association prior to the replacement of any such key
personnel; said key personnel positions shall include, inter alia, the
Executive Administrator, the heads of the four departments of SIF
responsible for promotion, Subproject development, administration, and
finance and accounting, and the Project management consultant referred to
in Section 7.01 (f) of this Agreement to be employed in accordance with
Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) Beginning November 30, 1990 and by November 30 of
each year thereafter, the Borrower shall cause SIF to furnish to the
Association, for its comments and approval, its proposed action plan
covering its operations for the following twelve-month period, including a
list of proposed Subprojects together with a summary description, the
financing required therefore and the Sponsoring Agencies.
      (b)   Upon receipt of the Association's approval, the Borrower shall
cause SIF to carry out its action plan, revised as necessary to take the
Association's comments into consideration.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall, together with SIF, at the
request of the Association, exchange views with the Association with regard
to the progress of the Project and the Subprojects, the performance by SIF
of its obligations under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause SIF to inform the Association promptly
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project and the Subprojects, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by SIF of its obligations under
the Subsidiary Administration Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall cause SIF to maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations and financial condition of SIF and the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project and each Subproject.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause SIF to:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
                  (balance shoots, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) and the records and accounts for the
                  Special Account for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the and of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year an so audited, and (B) the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning such records, accounts, financial statements
Page  6
                  and the audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals from the
Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower shall cause SIF to:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                  Section, records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until one year after the Association has received
                  the audit report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  disbursement from the Credit Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                  other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are included in the
                  annual audit referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section
                  and that the report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
                                 ARTICLE V
                              Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause SIF:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or to make
other provision satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practices;
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in accordance
with sound administrative, financial and managerial practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its offices, machinery,
equipment, vehicles and other property and, from time to time, promptly as
needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and managerial practices.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date of this
Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
SIF will be able to perform its obligations under the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement or under the Subproject Agreements;
      (b)   Decreto-Lei No. 45/88 of December 8, 1988 of the Borrower or SIF
By-laws shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived
so as to affect materially and adversely the ability of SIF to perform any
of its obligations under the Subsidiary Administration Agreement or under
the Subproject Agreements;
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of SIF, or for
the suspension of its operations, other than in accordance with the
provisions for closing the operations of SIF set forth in the Borrower's
Decreto-Lei No. 45/88 of December 8, 1988;
Page  7
      (d)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action, without prior approval of the Association, for the
establishment of a financial institution for providing credit for
subprojects similar to EI Subprojects under Part A.3 of the Project;
      (e)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the proceeds
                        of any grant or loan made to the Borrower for the
                        financing of the Project shall have been suspended,
                        cancelled or terminated in whole or in part,
                        pursuant to the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and payable
                        prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not apply if the
                  Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
                  Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination or
                        prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                        Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                        such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds for the Project are available to the
                        Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions
                        consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
                        under this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General Conditions,
the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (b) or (d) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) of Section 6.01 of this
Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   any event specified in paragraph (e) (i) (B) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (e) (ii) of
that Section.
                                ARTICLE VII
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Administration Agreement has been entered into
between the Borrower and SIF;
      (b)   SIF has established an accounting system acceptable to the
Association;
      (c)   SIF By-laws and SIF Operational Procedures Guide, referred to
in Section 1.02 (j) and (k) of this Agreement, have been adopted by SIF and
are satisfactory to the Association;
      (d)   SIF has furnished to the Association an action plan covering the
first twelve-months' period of its operations, satisfactory to the
Association;
      (e)   SIF has furnished to the Association a model Subproject
Agreement, including separate provisions for SA Subprojects, SI Subprojects
and EI Subprojects, acceptable to the Association; and
Page  8
      (f)   the Project management consultant, referred to in Section 3.03
of this Agreement, has been recruited and has assumed his functions.
      Section 7.02. The following is specified as an additional matter,
within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General Conditions, to be
included in the opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Association,
namely, that the Subsidiary Administration Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by, and is legally binding upon, the Borrower and SIF
in accordance with its terms.
      Section 7.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 7.04. The obligations of the Borrower under
Articles IV and V of this Agreement and the provisions of paragraph (c) of
Section 6.02 of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on
which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty
years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                               ARTICLE VIII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this Agreement,
the Minister of the Borrower responsible for finance is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes
of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Economia e Financas
            Sao Tome
            Republica Democratica de Sao Tome
                  e Principe
                                          Telex:
                                                225 MIPLANO STP
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 2033
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO TOME
                        AND PRINCIPE
                  By /s/ Joaquim R. Branco
                                                Authorized Representative
Page  9
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Callisto E. Madavo
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the amounts of the Credit
to each Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
       Amount of the
     Credit Allocated                % of
       (Expressed in             Expenditures
CategorySDR Equivalent)         to be Financed
(1)     Goods, services            1,300,000        100%
    and works for SA
    Subprojects under
    Part A.1 of the
    Project
(2)     Goods, services,             500,000        100%
    and works for SI
    Subprojects under
    Part A.2 of the
    Project
(3)     Goods, services              230,000
    and works for
    EI Subprojects
    under Part A.3
    of the Project:
    (a) up to a total                               100%
        cost of $10,000
        equivalent per
        Subproject
    (b) Subprojects of a                            100%, up to
        total cost of                               95% of the
        more than $10,000                           total cost of
        equivalent but                              each Sub-
        less than $20,000                           project
        equivalent
    (c) Subprojects of a                            100%, up to
        total cost of                               85% of the
        $20,000 equi-                               total cost
        valent but less                             of each Sub-
        than $50,000                                ject
        equivalent each
    (d) Subprojects of a                            100%, up to
        total cost of                               75% of the
        $50,000 equi-                               total cost
        lent but less                               of each Sub-
        than $100,000                               project
        equivalent each
    (e) Subprojects of                              100%, up to
        a total cost                                60% of the
        of $100,000                                 total cost
Page  10
        equivalent but                              of each
        no more than                                Subproject
        $150,000
(4)     Consultants, services       650,000         100%
    and training under
    Part B of the Project:
(5)     (a)  Equipment, supplies      45,000        100%
        and vehicles under
        Part B of the
        Project
    (b) Civil works                   40,000        100%
        under Part B
        of the Project
(6)     Operating costs for          450,000        100% through
    SIF under Part B of                             November 30,
    the Project                                     1990; 80%
                                            through
                                            November 30,
                                            1991; and 50%
                                  thereafter
(7)     Refunding of                 400,000        Amount due
    Project Preparation                             pursuant to
    Advance                 Section 2.02 (c)
                                            of this
                                            Agreement
(8)     Unallocated                  285,000
        TOTAL                      3,900,000
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "operating costs" means: (i)
cost of maintenance and operation of buildings, equipment and vehicles used
in the execution of the Project; (ii) costs of travel-related to the
implementation of the Project; (iii) costs of conferences, courses, study
tours and travel to be undertaken as part of training and other related
training costs to be financed under the Project; (iv) salaries for SIF's
fixed-term staff, excluding government employees, directly responsible for
Project implementation; and (v) other operating expenditures related to the
implementation of the Project, as determined in agreement by the Borrower
and the Association.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no withdrawals
shall be made in respect of:
    (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement;
    (b)   in respect of expenditures for any Subproject to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit under Categories (1), (2) and (3), up to an
aggregate reaching the equivalent of SDR 1,600,000, unless the policies and
procedures set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been complied with
and the Association shall have approved any such Subproject prior to the
signing of the relevant Subproject Agreement;
    (c)   in respect of expenditures for any Subproject to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit under Category (1) or (2), with a total
estimated cost of $100,000 equivalent or more, unless the policies and
procedures set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been complied with
and the Association shall have approved any such Subproject prior to the
signing of the relevant Subproject Agreement; and
    (d)   in respect of expenditures for any Subproject to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit under Category (3)(d) and (e), with a total
estimated cost of $50,000 equivalent or more, unless the policies and
procedures set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been complied with
and the Association shall have approved any such Subproject prior to the
signing of the relevant Subproject Agreement.
Page  11
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are:
    (a)   to mitigate the social impact of economic decline and structural
adjustment measures;
    (b)   to help generate income and employment opportunities for low
income, underemployed and unemployed persons; and
    (c)   to support private productive activities that will contribute to
the economic and social development of the country.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Subprojects
    Financing and carrying out of:
1.  social assistance (SA) Subprojects;
2.  social infrastructure improvement (SI) Subprojects; and
3.  economic improvement (EI) Subprojects.
Part B:   Institutional Support
    Establishment and strengthening of SIF for the purposes of identifying,
preparing, appraising and monitoring Subprojects through the provision of
technical assistance, the acquisition of office equipment, supplies and
vehicles, and office renovation for SIF's headquarters.
                           *   *   *   *   *   *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those
set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Limited international bidding:
    Goods under Part A.1 and 2 of the Project, estimated to cost
more than the equivalent of $250,000 but less than the equivalent of
$500,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $700,000, may be procured by the Sponsoring Agency under
contracts awarded through limited international bidding procedures on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of bids invited from a list of at least
three qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.  Local competitive bidding:
    Goods under Part A.1 and 2 of the Project, estimated to cost
more than the equivalent of $100,000 up to the equivalent of $250,000 per
Page  12
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$1,200,000, may be procured by the Sponsoring Agency under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.  Local shopping:
    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $200,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotation solicited from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.  Direct contracting:
    (a)   Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $75,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$1,000,000, may be procured by direct contracting, on the basis of standard
prices established by SIF and approved by the Association, from suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines and, at the option of the Sponsoring Agency,
nominated by such Sponsoring Agency.
    (b)   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, no supplier shall
be awarded any contract pursuant to paragraph (a) above, if the amount of
such contract, when added to the aggregate amount of all prior contracts,
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and awarded during a twelve-month
period pursuant to SIF's standard price procedures directly or indirectly
to such supplier, shall exceed the equivalent of $100,000.
Part C:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the equivalent of
$500,000 or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Association, pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d), shall be furnished to the
Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the preceding
paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Association, pursuant to said paragraph 3,
shall be furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs (a) and (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
    In order to assist SIF in carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall
cause SIF to employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                                SCHEDULE 4
Page  13
                      Policies and Procedures for the
                    Execution of Part A of the Project
I.  Subproject Identification and Appraisal
1.  Proposals for Subprojects may be initiated or sponsored by governmental
or non-governmental entities, communities, cooperatives and other groups.
Proposals for Subprojects shall identify the type of Subproject, describe
the works, goods or services to be financed and identify the Sponsoring
Agency and the Beneficiaries.
2.  SIF shall process the proposals for Subprojects received in accordance
with the SIF Operational Procedures Guide, as it may be modified from time
to time, on a basis and in a manner acceptable to the Association.
3.  SIF shall:
          (i)   identify and promote the development of Subprojects;
          (ii)  screen and appraise Subprojects;
          (iii) identify sources of funds additional to the proceeds of the
                Credit to expand the number of Subprojects financed by SIF;
                and
          (iv)  monitor the implementation of Subprojects.
4.  Basic appraisal criteria for all Subprojects shall include the
following:
          (i)   the Subproject shall meet social needs compatible with
                national development;
          (ii)  the Subproject shall be expected to be completed within
                three years;
          (iii) labor-intensive methods shall be used to the extent
                possible;
          (iv)  least cost methods of implementation shall be used and,
                where applicable, existing capital assets shall be utilized
                to the extent possible;
          (v)   the Subproject shall be technically feasible and
                financially viable;
          (vi)  appropriate consideration shall be given to the technical
                and managerial capability of the Sponsoring Agency; and
          (vii) the Subproject shall address environmental concerns and
                propose solutions.
    In addition, for all SI Subprojects and EI Subprojects with an estimated
cost equivalent to $50,000 or more, an economic rate of return of at least
12% shall be demonstrated, as well as commercial soundness and availability
of markets, where applicable.
II.       Terms and Conditions of Subprojects
1.  Subprojects shall be financed on the following terms and conditions:
          (i)   financing of SA Subprojects and SI Subprojects shall be on
                a grant basis;
          (ii)  financing of EI Subprojects shall be on a loan basis,
                including an appropriate annual rate of interest on the
                principal amount outstanding, with repayment terms between
                five and fifteen years and a maximum grace period of five
                years. The annual rate of interest for the financing of
                working capital shall be at least equal to the rate
                charged, on the date of approval of said financing, by
                Banco Nacional de Sao Tome e Principe to its commercial
Page  14
                customers. For the financing of capital improvement and
                other fixed assets, the annual interest rate shall be at
                least equal to 10% and in addition include a service charge
                of 2%; beginning on June 30, 1990, said interest rate
                applicable to now financing shall be reviewed every six
                months and adjusted to take into account the inflation rate
                forecast in Sao Tome and Principe in the long term; and
          (iii) a mobilization advance of 100 of the estimated cost of the
                Subproject may be paid upon signing of the Subproject
                Agreement. Subsequent payments thereafter may be made on
                the basis of a percentage, acceptable to the Association,
                of works, goods or services procured, and shall be
                evidenced by written documentation thereof. A retention of
                10% of the estimated cost of the Subproject may be paid
                upon completion of the Subproject, as evidenced by a
                certificate of completion, acceptable to the Association.
III.      Subproject Approval
1.  All Subprojects shall be approved by the Board of
Administrators of SIF. In addition, the following Subprojects shall require
the prior approval of the Association:
          (i)   any Subproject until an aggregate amount reaching the
                equivalent of SDR 1,600,000 has been withdrawn from the
                Credit Account; and
          (ii)  thereafter, any SA or SI Subproject, with a total estimated
                cost of $100,000 equivalent or more, and any EI Subproject,
                with a total estimated cost of $50,000 equivalent or more.
2.  When presenting a Subproject to the Association for approval, SIF shall
furnish to the Association an application, in a form satisfactory to the
Association, together with: (i) a description of the Implementing Entity andan 
appraisal of the Subproject, including procurement procedures and a
description of the expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the financing on a loan
basis, including the schedule of amortization of the financing; and (iii)
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
3.  Each request by SIF for authorization to make withdrawals from the
Credit Account in respect of a Subproject which is not subject to prior
approval by the Association shall contain: (i) a Summary description of the
Subproject and the Implementing Entity, including procurement procedures and
a description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit; and (ii) the terms and conditions of the financing
on a loan basis.
4.  Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, applications and
requests made pursuant to the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 above shall
be presented to the Association on or before June 30, 1995.
IV.       Subproject Agreements
1.  The Sponsoring Agencies selected to carry out the Subprojects shall
promptly enter into Subproject Agreements with SIF, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, pursuant to which SIF shall, inter alia,
obtain rights adequate to protect the interests of the Association and SIF,
including the rights of SIF to:
          (i)   require the Sponsoring Agency to carry out and operate the
                Subproject with due diligence and efficiency and in
                accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
                standards and to maintain adequate records;
          (ii)  require that: (A) the goods, services and works to be
                financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
                procured in accordance with Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
                and (B) such goods, services and works shall be used
                exclusively in the carrying out of the Subproject;
Page  15
          (iii) inspect by itself or jointly, with representatives of the
                Association if the Association shall so request, such goods
                and the sites, works, plants and construction included in
                the Subproject, the operation thereof, and any relevant
                records and documents;
          (iv)  obtain all such information as the Association shall
                reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
                administration, operations and financial condition of the
                Subproject and, if appropriate, to the benefits to be
                derived therefrom; and
          (v)   suspend or terminate the right of the Sponsoring Agency to
                the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by such
                Agency to perform its obligations under its Subproject
                Agreement with SIF.
2.  SIF shall exercise its rights in relation to each Subproject in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association
and its interests; (ii) comply with its obligations under the Subsidiary
Administration Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) through (6)
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time
to the eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equivalent to
$500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that the
Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized
Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall
be made as follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit or deposits
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On
the basis of such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of
the Borrower, withdraw f rom the Credit Account and deposit into the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
    (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Association requests for deposits into
                the Special Account at such intervals as the Association
                shall specify.
          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the Borrower
                shall furnish to the Association the documents and other
                evidence required, pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
                Schedule, for the payment or payments in respect of which
                replenishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                request, the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
                Special Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                requested and as shall have been shown by said documents
                and other evidence to have been made out of the Special
                Account for eligible expenditures. All such deposits shall
Page  16
                be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit Account
                under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
                respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified
                by said documents and other evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special Account, the
Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall reasonably request,
furnish to the Association such documents and other evidence showing that
such payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the
Association shall not be required to make further deposits into the Special
Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the Credit
Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
    (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice
the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn
amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Categories shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on
deposit into the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure or in
an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; and (ii)
was not justified by the evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit
or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to cover
further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Association, refund to the Association such outstanding
amount.
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund to the
Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6 (a), (b)
and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit Account for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
