Page  1
                                  LOAN NUMBER 3140-ME
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
          (Second Low-Income Housing Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
 BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
              Dated January 23, 1990
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3140-ME
     AGREEMENT, dated January 23, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
     (A)  the United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and
the Borrower, having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
     (B)  by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of
even date herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank,
the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of
the Borrower in respect of the Loan and to undertake such
other obligations as set forth in the Guarantee
Agreement, and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definition
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terns defined in the General Conditions and
in Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth, and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Fund" means Fideicomiso Fondo Nacional de
Habitaciones Populares, a housing trust fund established
by the Guarantor and operating in accordance with the
agreement between the Guarantor and the Borrower dated
May 13, 1981 as amended  on January 23, 1985 (hereinafter
called the Trust Fund Agreement) whereby the Borrower is
appointed as trustee for the Fund;
     (b)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (c)  "Sub-project" means a specific investment
project for development of sites and services,
progressive construction housing or home improvements to
be carried out by a Sub-borrower in the territory of the
Guarantor, including in expanding urban limits of fast
growing cities or large irregular urban neighborhoods,
utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-loan for sale of serviced
sites and houses to, or improvements of houses of,
Beneficiaries;
     (d)  "Sub-borrower" means federal public sector
entities, States, Municipalities, the Federal District
and agencies thereof, cooperatives, social organizations,
banking institutions, financial institutions or other
legally constituted entities which carry out housing
programs in accordance with the Fund's Statement of
Policy and to which the Fund has made or proposes to make
a Sub-loan for purposes of financing a Sub-project;
     (e)  "Sub-loan"  means a loan made or proposed to be
made by  the Fund and partially financed out of the
proceeds  of  the  Loan   to be utilized by a
Sub-borrower in the financing of a Sub-project; and "Sub-
loan Agreement" means the Agreement between the Borrower,
acting as trustee for the Fund, and a Sub-borrower;
     (f)  "Beneficiary" means a head of household who
improves his house or purchases a house or a lot and who
has an income not higher than two and one-half times the
minimum wage established by law in the area in which the
Sub-project is located;
     (g)  "Statement of Policy" means Politicas de
Administracion Crediticia y Financiera and Reglas de
Operacion, the statement of lending policies and rules of
operation of the Fund adopted by the Board of Directors
of the Fund on August 8, 1989, and to be revised pursuant
to Section 7.01 (b) of this Agreement;
     (h)  "CETES" means Certificados de la Tesoreria de
la Federacion (Federal Treasury Certificates), as defined
in the Diario Oficial de la Federacion, dated November
28, 1977, published by the Guarantor;
Page  3
     (i)  "CETES Rate"  means the average annual yield,
calculated monthly, on CETES with maturities of up to one
mouth, issued during the mouth in which a CETES Rate is
calculated, or such other index reflecting the cost of
funds to the Guarantor as shall be acceptable to the
Guarantor and the Bank; and
     (j)  "Normatividad" means the Normatividad para el
Ejercicio de Creditos Provenientes de Organismos
Financieros Internacionales Destinados a la Banca de
Desarrollo y Fondos de Fomento con Apoyos del Gobierno
Federal por Diferenciales Negativos en Tasas de Interes,
(Regulations Governing the Use of Loans from
International Financial Institutions to Development Banks
and Funds with Assistance from the Federal Government for
Negative Differentials in Interest Rates), issued by the
Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico and the
Secrtaria de Programacion y Presupuesto, by means of
Oficio No. 102-B-049, dated November 18, 1988.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank  agrees  to  lend  to  the
Borrower, on  the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, various currencies
that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the
amount of three hundred fifty million dollars
($350,000,000) as the sun of withdrawals of the proceeds
of the Loan with each withdrawal valued by the Bank as of
the date of such withdrawal.
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Bank and the Borrower, for expenditures made,
or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made, in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and works required for the
Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1995 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.  The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
of such later date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per  annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05   (a) The  Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, at a rate for each
Interest Period equal to the Cot of Qualified Borrowings
determined in respect of the preceding Semester, plus
one-half of one percent (l/2 of 1%).  On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal
amount outstanding during the preceding Interest Period,
Page  4
calculated at the rate applicable during such Interest
Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the
Guarantor of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined
in respect of such Semester.
     (c)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means a six-month
               period ending an the date immediately
               preceding each date specified in Section
               2.06 of this Agreement, beginning with
               the Interest Period in which this
               Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost, as reasonably determined by the
               Bank and expressed as a percentage per
               annum, of the outstanding borrowings of
               the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               excluding such borrowings or portions
               thereof as the Bank has allocated to
               fund: (A) the Bank's  investments and (B)
               loans which may be made by the Bank after
               July 1, 1989 bearing interest rates
               determined otherwise than as provided in
               paragraph (a) of this Section.
         (iii) "Semester" means the first six
               months or the second six months of a
               calendar year.
     (d)  On such date as the Bank may specify by no less
than six months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a).
(b) and (c) (iii)
of this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
          "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
          principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
          outstanding from time to time, at a rate for
          each Quarter equal to the Cost of Qualified
          Borrowings determined in respect of the
          preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one
          percent (1/2 of 1%).  On each of the dates
          specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement
          the Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the
          principal amount outstanding during the
          preceding Interest Period, calculated at the
          rates applicable during such Interest Period."
          "(b) As soon as practicable after the end of
          each semester, the Bank shall notify the
          Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of
          Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
          such Quarter."
          "(c) (iii) 'Quarter' means a three-month
          period commencing on January 1, April 1, July
          1 or October 1 in a calendar year."
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 in
each year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
Page  5
               Transfer of Loan Proceeds
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower shall enter into
contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with
the Guarantor and the Borrower, as trustee for the Fund,
providing, inter alia for:
     (i)  onlending to the Fund the proceeds of the Loan
          to carry out Parts A and B of the Project
          under the and conditions which shall include:
          (A) funds onlent shall be denominated and
          repayable in pesos; (B) the interest rate
          charged on funds shall be equal to the CETES
          Rate and shall be paid on amounts withdrawn
          and outstanding on a monthly basis; and (C)
          principal amounts withdrawn and outstanding
          shall be repaid  semi-annually in accordance
          with the timetable set forth in the
          Amortization Schedule in Schedule 3 to this
          Agreement;
     (ii) provision by the Guarantor to the Fund, in
          accordance with the Normatividad and by means
          of specific annual budgetary allocations, of
          all amounts required to cover: (A) the
          difference, if any, between the CETES Rate and
          the interest rate charged by the Fund on Sub-
          loans to Sub-borrowers; and (B) financial
          intermediation and operating costs of the
          Fund; and
    (iii) payment by the Guarantor to the Borrower
          of all amounts required by the Borrower
          to pay to the Bank on account of
          principal, interest and other charges on
          the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the
Borrower, acting for itself or as trustee for the Fund,
shall not change or fail to enforce the contractual
arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section.
                      ARTICLE IV
               Execution of the Project;
       Management and Operations of the Borrower
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower, acting as trustee
for the Fund, declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
economic practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Bank and
the Borrower shall otherwise agree, the Borrower acting
as trustee of the Fund. shall carry out Part C of the
Project under terms of reference acceptable to the Bank
and in accordance with a time-table set forth in a letter
submitted to the Bank on October 13, 1989.
     (c)  The Borrower, acting as Trustee for the Fund,
shall exercise its rights in relation to each Sub-loan in
such manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank
and the Borrower; (ii) comply with its obligations under
this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes of the
Page  6
Project.
     (b)  The  Borrower, acting as Trustee for the Fund,
shall exercise its rights in relation to each Sub-loan in
such      a manner as to: (i) protect the interests of
the Bank and the Borrower; (ii) comply with its
obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the works and goods required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out
Part C of the Project, the Borrower shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms of
reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 4.04. The Borrower, acting as trustee for
the Fund, shall: (a) monitor the economic, financial and
social impact of Sub-projects on the basis of indicators
and criteria acceptable to the Bank; (b) by March 31 of
each year, submit to the Bank a report evaluating the
impact, progress and results of implementing its overall
lending program and the Project during the previous
calendar year; and (c) by May 31 of each year, discuss
such report with the Bank and agree on a plan of action,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the carrying out of the
Project during the calendar year in which such report is
discussed.
     Section 4.05. The Borrower, acting as trustee for
the  Fund, shall: (a) by December 31, 1991, review with
the Bank the results of implementing Sub-projects
included in the Fund's special investment Program
Sub-projects financed under Part B of the Project; (b) by
May 31, 1992, submit to, and discuss with, the Bank a
plan of action, satisfactory  to the Bank, to incorporate
the results of such review into the Fund's conventional
investment program including a timetable for
implementation; and (c) by January 1, 1993, implement
such plan of action.
     Section 4.06.  The Borrower, acting as Trustee for
the Fund, shall carry on the operations on the Fund and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering and economic
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 4.07.  The Borrower, acting as trustee for
the Fund, shall: (a) carry out a survey of the collection
performance of Sub-borrower with respect to loans made to
beneficiaries out of the proceeds of Sub-loans; and (b)
by March 31 of each year submit the results of such
survey to the Bank, including in the case of sub-
borrowers failing to achieve collection targets
acceptable to the Bank and the Fund, a plan of action
providing for annual collection targets, satisfactory to
the Bank and the Fund, and a program of technical
assistance to assist such Sub-borrowers in achieving such
targets.
                       ARTICLE V
                  Financial Covenants
Page  7
     Section 5.01. The Borrower, acting as trustee for
the Fund, shall     maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and
financial condition of the Borrower and of the Fund,
including separate records and accounts for the Project.
     Section 5.02. (a) The Borrower, acting as trustee
for the Fund shall:
          (i)  have the records referred to in Section
               5.01 of this Agreement, its accounts and
               financial statements including those of
               the Fund (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) and records and accounts for
               the Special Account for each fiscal year
               audited in accordance with sound auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank, as soon as available
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A)
               certified copies of said financial
               statements for such year as so audited,
               and (b) the report of such audit by said
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning the said
               records, accounts and financial
               statements and the audit thereof as
               the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (b)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower, acting as
trustee of the Fund shall:
          (i)  maintain, in accordance with Section 5.01
               of this Agreement, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
Page  8
                      ARTICLE VI
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 6.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  that the Statement of Policy or the Trust Fund
Agreement or the  memorandum and articles or other
documents under which the Borrower operates shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect materially and adversely the carrying out of
the Project or the financial position of the Fund or the
ability of the Borrower to act as Trustee of the Fund;
and
     (b)  a resolution shall have been passed for the
liquidation, dissolution or disestablishment of the
Borrower or of the Fund or for the suspension of their
operations.
     Section 6.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that the events specified in paragraph
(a) and (b) of Section 6.01 shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VII
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 7.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a) that the contractual arrangements referred to In
Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement shall have been
entered into; and
     (b) that the Statement of Policy shall have been
revised by the Fund in a manner satisfactory, to the
Bank.
     Section 7.02. The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank, namely
that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section
3.01  (a) of this Agreement have been duly authorized and
are legally binding upon the parties thereto.
     Section 7.03. The date April 24, 1990 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                     ARTICLE VIII
                        Address
     Section 8.01. The following addresses are specified
for the    purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Bank:
Page  9
          International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C.  20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
                    INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT),
                    Washington, D.C.         249423 (RCA) or
                                              64145 (IWUI)
     For the Borrower:
               Banco Nacional de Obras y
               Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
               Insurgentes Norte 423
               Mexico DF 069000
               Mexico
               Cable address:                Telex:
                    BANTECARIO                    BNOSKE
                    Mexico City                   01772619
                                                  Mexico City
                                             Telefax:
                                             5-97-02-90
                                             5-83-51-39
     With copy to:
          Fideicomiso Fondo Nacional
              de Habitaciones Populares
          Homero 203
          Polanco, Mexico
          11570, D.F.
                                             Telex:
                                             1763236 FFHPME
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the day and year
first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By
                                             President
                    BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
                         PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                    By
                              Authorized Representative
Page  10
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Category of items to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so
to be financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                       Loan Allocated              % of
                       (Expressed in          Expenditures
       Category       Dollar Equivalent)     to be financed
(1)  Sub-loans           300,000,000         65% of disburse-
     under Part A                            ments for civil
     of the                                  works and goods
     Project                                 made by the Fund
                                             under Sub-loans
(2)  Sub-loans            50,000,000         65% of disburse-
     under Part B                            ments for civil
     of the                                  works and goods
     Project                                 made by the Fund
                                             under Sub-loans
                         ___________
     TOTAL               350,000,000
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect of payments for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except
that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding
the equivalent of $35,000,000, may be made on account of
payments made for expenditures before that date but after
February 15, 1989.
3.   Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of civil works and goods estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $500,000 may be permitted by
the Bank upon the basis of statements of expenditure
under such terms and conditions as the Bank shall
specify.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are: (a) to increase
the availability of housing credit for low-income
families; (b) to improve the Fund's level of cost
recovery and redirect its subsidies to the poorest
groups; (c) to improve the cost efficiency of the
Guarantor's housing programs; (d) to streamline the
administrative procedures of the Fund and of the
Sub-borrowers; and (e) to assist in the planning and
development of urban areas.
     The Project consists of the following Parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Bank and the
Borrower may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:    Sub-loans under the Fund's Conventional Investment
           Program
     Provision of Sub-loans to finance Sub-projects
Page  11
included in the Fund's conventional investment program
for the years 1989-1994 and selected in accordance with
the criteria specified in Annex 1 to this Schedule.
Part B:    Sub-loans under the Fund's Special Investment
           Program
     Provision of Sub-loans to finance Sub-projects
included in the Fund's special investment program for the
years 1989-1993 and selected in accordance with the
criteria specified in Annex 2 to this Schedule.
Part C:    Technical Assistance and Studies
1.   Provision of technical assistance for the
institutional strengthening of the Fund and Sub-borrowers
consisting of: (a) development and carrying out of a
program of decentralization of the Fund's operations by
delegating to its regional offices responsibility for
credit preparation and supervision including revision of
its operations manuals for such purposes; (b) review of
the Fund's administrative procedures and the preparation
of revised and streamlined procedures manuals relating to
its credit operations; and (c) training of selected staff
of the Fund and the Sub-borrowers and of Beneficiaries.
2.   Carrying out of Studies on: (a) building codes and
administrative procedures of the Guarantor relevant to
the programs of the Fund; (b) the needs of the residents
of irregular settlements and the reformulation of the
Fund's programs to address such needs; and (c) the
mobilization of savings among low-income families and
increasing the provision of financial services in poor
neighborhoods.
                        *  *  *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1994.
                 ANNEX 1 TO SCHEDULE 2
        Criteria for Selection of Sub-projects
              under Part A of the Project
1.   The unit price of each Sub-project shall be
affordable to the Beneficiaries pursuant to the terms and
conditions specified in the Statement of Policy.
2.   Sub-projects shall be exclusively for development of
sites and services, progressive construction housing or
home improvements as defined in the Statement of Policy.
3.   The minimum number of housing units for each Sub-
project shall aproximately be as follows: 250 units for
sites and services, 150 units for progressive housing or
150 units for home improvements.
                 ANNEX 1 TO SCHEDULE 2
1.   This unit price of each Sub-project shall be
affordable to the Beneficiaries pursuant to the terms and
conditions specified in the Statement of Policy.
2.   Sub-projects shall be exclusively for development of
sites and services, progressive construction housing or
home improvements as defined in the Statement of Policy.
3.   The minimum number of housing units for each Sub-
Page  12
project shall approximately be as follows: 250 units for
sites and services, 150 units for progressive housing or
150 units for home improvements.
                 ANNEX 1 TO SCHEDULE 2
        Criteria for Selection of Sub-projects
              under Part B of the Project
1.   The unit price of each Sub-project shall be
affordable to the Beneficiaries pursuant to the terms and
conditions specified in the Statement of Policy.
2.   Sub-projects shall be exclusively for development of
sites and services, progressive construction housing or
home improvements as defined in the Statement of Policy.
3.   Sub-projects shall be located in:
     (a)  the expanding urban limits of fast-growing
cities to be selected, primarily along the northern
border of the Guarantor; or
     (b)  the large irregular settlements in the
neighborhoods of medium- and large-sized cities to be
selected.
4.   The selection of cities for the carrying out of Sub-
projects shall be based on the presentation of
satisfactory evidence by Sub-borrowers to the Fund that
relevant governmental authorities have:
     (a)  provided adequate guarantees for the
installation of primary infrastructure in a timely
manner; and
     (b)  developed and initiated measures required to
incorporate all newly-legalized areas of such cities into
the property tax register of such cities.
5.   In addition to the criteria set forth in clause 4
above, the selection of cities for the carrying out of
Sub-projects in their expanding urban limits shall be
based on the presentation of satisfactory evidence by
Sub-borrowers to the Fund that relevant governmental
authorities have developed and begun implementation of a
plan providing for future expansion of the city's
geographic boundaries in accordance with current and
projected population growth over the next five years.
6.   In addition to the criteria set forth in clause 4
above, the selection of cities for the carrying out of
Sub-projects in their irregular neighborhoods shall be
based on the presentation of satisfactory evidence by
sub-borrowers to the Fund that:
     (a)  relevant governmental authorities have
completed a study describing the number, location and
needs of the existing irregular settlements in that
city's neighborhood; and
     (b)  a plan to legalize tenure over the next five
years in a significant percentage of properties currently
classified as irregular in that city's neighborhood has
been developed.
7.   The minimum number of housing units for each Sub-
project shall approximately be as follows: 250 units for
sites and services, 150 units for progressive housing or
150 units for home improvements.
Page  13
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                               Payment of Principal
   Date Payment Due                          (expressed in dollars)
On each February 15 and
     beginning August 15, 1995
     through August 15, 2006                        14,585,000
On February 15, 2007                                14,545.000
                Premiums on Prepayment
     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General
Conditions, the premium payable on the principal amount
of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid shall be the
percentage specified for the applicable time of
prepayment below:
     Time of Prepayment                      Premium
                              The interest rate
                              (expressed as a
                              percentage per annum)
                              applicable to the Loan on
                              the day of prepayment
                              multiplied by:
Not more than three years
     before maturity                         0.18
More than three years but                    0.35
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but not                  0.65
     more than eleven years
     before   maturity
More than eleven years but not               0.88
     more than fifteen years
     before   maturity
More than fifteen  years  before             1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
            Procedures for Sub-loans and of
              loans made to Beneficiaries
   by Sub-borrowers out of the proceeds of Sub-loans
1.   The terms and conditions applicable to Sub-loans and
to loans made to Beneficiaries by Sub-borrowers out of
the proceeds of Sub-loans shall be those set forth in the
Statement of Policy.
2.   Sub-loans shall be made pursuant to written Sub-loan
Agreements between the Borrower, acting as trustee for
Page  14
the Fund, and the Sub-borrower.
          (i)  The Sub-loan Agreement shall establish
               the Sub-borrower's obligation: (a) to
               carry out the Sub-project with due
               diligence and efficiency and in
               conformity with appropriate
               administrative, financial, engineering
               and public utility practices; (b) to
               procure works and goods required for the
               carrying out of the Sub-project in
               accordance with the provisions of
               Schedule 5 to this Agreement; (c) to
               carry out Sub-projects for home
               improvement with the participation of the
               Beneficiaries and whenever procurement of
               works and goods for such home
               improvements is carried out by such
               Beneficiaries, to ensure that such works
               and goods are procured in accordance with
               the provisions of Part B.3 of Schedule 5
               to this Agreement and to retain relevant
               documentation relating to such
               procurement; (d) to provide a descriptive
               analysis of the Beneficiaries; (e) to
               provide the financing of the Sub-projects
               components not otherwise included under
               the Sub-loan in the form of, inter alia,
               land, infrastructure, materials and
               labor; and (f) the Sub-borrower's
               obligation to take out and maintain with
               responsible insurers such insurance,
               against such risks and in such amounts,
               as shall be consistent with sound
               business practices.
          (ii) The Sub-loan Agreement shall include the
               Borrower's right as trustee of the Fund:
               (1)  to inspect, by itself or jointly
                    with representatives of the Bank, if
                    the Bank shall so request, such
                    goods and the sites, works, and
                    construction included in the Sub-
                    project, the operation thereof, and
                    any relevant records and documents;
               (2)  to obtain from the Sub-borrower all
                    such information as the Bank,
                    through the Borrower, or the
                    Borrower shall reasonably request
                    related to the foregoing provisions
                    of the Sub-loan Agreement, and to
                    the administration, operation and
                    financial condition of the Sub-
                    borrower, and any relevant records
                    and equipment; and
               (3)  to suspend or terminate the right of
                    the Sub-borrower to use the proceeds
                    of the Sub-loan upon failure by the
                    Sub-borrower to perform any of its
                    obligations under the Sub-loan
                    Agreement.
3.   Sub-borrowers whose collection performance on loans
made to Beneficiaries out of the proceeds of Sub-loans
falls below the annual target set by the Fund, shall not
be eligible for further financing of Sub-loans out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
                      SCHEDULE 5
Page  15
                      Procurement
Procurement of Works and Goods
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts warded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Section I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May
1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part B hereof,goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Local competitive bidding
     Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$2,500,00 or less per contract may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Force Account
     Subject to prior approval by the Bank, civil works
may be carried out by the Sub-borrowers under force
account, provided, however, that the cost of civil works
carried out pursuant to this paragraph shall not exceed
in he aggregate the equivalent of $30,000,000.
3.   Shopping
     Civil works and goods for home improvement Sub-
projects carried by Sub-borrowers with the participation
of Beneficiaries may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations from local
contractors and suppliers in accordance with established
commercial practices acceptable to the Bank, provided,
however, that the value of each individual contract shall
not exceed the equivalent of $3,000 and the aggregate
value of such contracts for home improvement Sub-projects
shall not exceed the equivalent of $80,000,000.
Part C:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract awarded under
Part (A) above, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply .
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to
ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
Page  16
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to
this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance with Section 5.02 (b)
(ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
                      SCHEDULE 6
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) and (2) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of works
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to the
eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $25,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.  The Borrower shall make
withdrawals from the Special Account for payments of
Eligible Expenditures on the basis of the evidence that
the Bank shall have reasonably determined and shall debit
the Special Account with the amount in dollars so
withdrawn or with the Dollar equivalent of the currency
other than dollars in which the payment was made,
determined on the basis of the rate of exchange between
the dollar and such currency in effect: (i) on the date
of each payment if the withdrawal from the Special
Account in respect of such payment has been made within
90 days of the date of such payment; or (ii) on the date
each withdrawal shall have been made.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be
made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request: or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation.  On
the basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts
Page  17
as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special
               -Account, the  Borrower shall furnish to
               the Bank requests       for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Bank shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Bank the documents and other evidence
               required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
               Schedule for the payment or payments in
               respect of which replenishment is
               requested.  ON the basis of each such
               request, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
               Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
               and deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
               eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Bank shall reasonably, request, furnish to the Bank such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment
was made exclusively for Eligible Expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.  Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.   (a) If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made
for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant
to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not justified
by the evidence furnished to the Bank, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A) provide
such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall
so request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the
Page  18
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified.  Unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the especial
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the @ shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower Shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding
amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank,
refund to the all or any portion of the funds on deposit
in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Loan Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
