Page  1
                                          LOAN NUMBER 3140-ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
                (Second Low-Income Housing Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated January 23, 1990
                                                LOAN  3140-ME
                              GUARANTEE  AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 23, 1990, between  UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank)
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y
Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
1 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B) by the Loan  Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to three hundred fifty
million dollars ($350,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Page  2
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01.   The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to, and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
Objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not merely as surety, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, acting for itself and as
trustee of the Fund all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangement referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of the Loan Agreement
with the Borrower in its own capacity and acting as trustee for the
Fund, and except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the Guarantor
shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of such
contractual arrangement.
      Section 2.03. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Sections 2.01 and 2.02 of this Agreement, the
Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable
cause to believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be
inadequate to meet the estimated expenditures required for the
carrying out of the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to
the Bank, promptly to provide or cause to be provided to the
Borrower, such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Director General of the Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 3.02.  The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Mariano 4o. Piso
Page  3
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                    Telex:
                                          1777313 SHDCHE
                                    Fax:
                                          5225721
                                          5424581
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:          Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA) or
                                          64145 (WI)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
                  UNITED MMCAN STATES
                  /By
                        Authorized  Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  /By
                              President
