Page  1
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 1898 LSO
                          LBFC Project Agreement
                   (Urban Sector Reorientation Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                   LESOTHO BUILDING FINANCE CORPORATION
                            Dated May 26, 1988
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 1898 LSO
                          LBFC PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 26, 1988 between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and LESOTHO BUILDING FINANCE CORPORATION
(LBFC).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date herewith
between the Kingdom of Lesotho (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to fifteen million Special Drawing Rights (SDR
15,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that LBFC agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS LBFC, in consideration of the Association's entering into the
Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement
and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. LBFC declares its commitment to the objectives  of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts B. 2 and C.3 of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
Page  2
financial,, and building society practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and works required for Parts B.2 C.3 of the
Project, and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (b)   In order to assist LBFC :in carrying out Parts B.2 and C.3 of
the Project, LBFC shall employ management consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures, satisfactory to the Association, on the basis of
the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
The World Bank as Executing Agency", published by the Bank in August 1981.
      Section 2.03. LBFC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of this Agreement and Parts B.2 and C.3 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) LBFC shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   LBFC shall promptly inform the Association of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by LBFC
of its obligations under this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of LBFC
      Section 3.01. LBFC shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, and building
society practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. LBFC shall at all times operate and maintain its
equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as needed,
make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with
sound engineering, financial and building society practices.
      Section 3.03. LBFC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provisions, satisfactory to the Association, for
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. LBFC shall: (a) by not later than September 30, 1988,
furnish to the Association for its review and comments the recommendations
of its ongoing organizational review; and
      (b)   thereafter implement such recommendations as shall be agreed
with the Association.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) LBFC shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, its operations
and financial condition and the resources and expenditures for activities
with respect to Parts B.2 and C.3 of the Project.
      (b)   LBFC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial statements
Page  3
                  (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
                  related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable
                  to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end of each
                  such year: (A) certified copies of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited; and (B)the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements, as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   LBFC shall make the Project accounts available to MMCto enable
it to maintain consolidated Project accounts.
      Section 4.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, LBFC
shall until completion of the Project:
      (a)   maintain an interest rate structure, which shall: (i)be
sufficient to cover administration and interest costs; (ii) provide a
reasonable contribution to capital and reserves; and (iii) provide for a
3.5% spread on borrowing and lending operations by January 1, 1992; and
      (b)   review with the Association by December 31 of each year the
interest rate structure referred to in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 4.03. LBFC shall:
      (a)   carry out an action program satisfactory to the Association, for
increasing collections of mortgage payments; and
      (b)   increase amounts collected as a percentage of amounts due, from
80% in 1987 to 82% in 1988, 84% in 1989, 86% in 1990, 88% in 1991, 90% in
1992 and 92% in 1993.
      Section 4.04. LBFC shall annually by September 30, commencing in 1988,
prepare and furnish to the Association for its review, a report containing
its five-year financial projections.
      Section 4.05. LBFC shall, by December 31, 1988, install accounting and
computer systems satisfactory to the Association.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on the
date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of LBFC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall
                  terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date 25 years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify LBFC of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension under
the General Conditions.
Page  4
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to
which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       440098 (ITT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                                 64145 (WUI)
      For LBFC:
            Lesotho Building Finance Corporation
            Private Bag A 59
            Maseru 100
            Lesotho
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BUILDFIN                      4326 LO
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of LBFC may be taken or executed by the Managing Director or such
other person or persons as the Managing Director shall designate in writing,
and LBFC shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                  LESOTHO BUILDING FINANCE CORPORATION
                  By /s/ W. T. Van Tonder
                                                Authorized Representative
Page  5
