Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2780 PAK
                       Development Credit Agreement
        (Balochistan Community Irrigation and Agriculture Project)
                                  between
                       ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated November 22, 1995
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2780 PAK
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 22, 1995, between ISLAMIC
REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN acting by its President (the Borrower) and
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Netherlands'
Minister for Development Cooperation (the Netherlands) a grant
(the Netherlands Grant) in an amount of nine million four
hundred and fifty thousand Netherland Guilders (NGL 9,450,000)
to assist in financing part of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (the Netherlands Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and the
Netherlands;
      (C)   the Netherlands and the Association intend to enter
into an agreement (the Memorandum of Understanding) making
arrangements for the Association to process applications for
withdrawal of the proceeds of the financing to be provided
severally by the Netherlands and the Association and regulating
certain other matters of common interest in the connection with
such financing;
      (D)   the Project will be carried out by the Province of
Page  2
Balochistan (Balochistan) with the Borrower's assistance and,
as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to
Balochistan the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Association and Balochistan;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Balochistan" means the Province of Balochistan, a
political subdivision of the Borrower, or any successor
thereto;
      (b)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Balochistan of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (c)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (d)   "BID" means the Balochistan Irrigation Department; and
      (e)   "PMU" means the Project Management Unit within BID.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eighteen million five hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 18,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2001 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Page  3
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15
commencing November 15, 2005 and ending May 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 15,
2015 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
Page  4
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Additional Chief Secretary, Planning and
Development Department, Balochistan is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any
action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions
of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Development Credit Agreement, shall cause Balochistan to
perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of Balochistan therein set forth,
shall take and cause to be taken all action, including the
provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable Balochistan to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to Balochistan in accordance with its standard
budgetary procedures.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) shall be carried out by Balochistan pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
                (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in
                      accordance with sound accounting practices,
                      records and accounts reflecting such
                      expenditures;
               (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                      invoices, bills, receipts and other
                      documents) evidencing such expenditures are
                      retained until at least one year after the
                      Association has received the audit report
                      for the fiscal year in which the last
                      withdrawal from the Credit Account was made;
                      and
              (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                      examine such records.
Page  5
    (b)   The Borrower shall:
                (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                      paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those
                      for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                      audited, in accordance with appropriate
                      auditing principles consistently applied, by
                      independent auditors acceptable to the
                      Association;
               (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                      available, but in any case not later than
                      nine months after the end of each such year
                      the report of such audit by said auditors,
                      of such scope and in such detail as the
                      Association shall have reasonably requested,
                      including a separate opinion by said
                      auditors as to whether the statements of
                      expenditure submitted during such fiscal
                      year, together with the procedures and
                      internal controls involved in their
                      preparation, can be relied upon to support
                      the related withdrawals; and
              (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                      information concerning said records and
                      accounts and the audit thereof as the
                      Association shall from time to time
                      reasonably request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
    Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
    (a)   Balochistan shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
    (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the
date of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
Balochistan will be able to perform its obligations under the
Project Agreement.
    (c)   (i)      Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of any grant made to the Borrower for
                   the financing of the Project shall have been
                   suspended, cancelled or terminated in whole or in
                   part, pursuant to the terms of the agreement
                   providing therefor.
         (ii)      Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Bank that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation or termination is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under such agreement; and
                   (B) adequate funds for the Project are available
                   to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                   conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                   Borrower under this Agreement.
    Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of
sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower.
Page  6
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Effective Date; Termination
    Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
    (a)   that consultants for the carrying out of the Project
have been duly employed in accordance with paragraph 5 (a) of
Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement and are on location and
ready to commence operations;
    (b)   that all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of
the Netherlands Grant Agreement have been fulfilled, other than
the effectiveness of this Agreement; and
    (c)   that the PC-1 documents with respect to the Project
shall have been approved by the Executive Committee of the
National Economic Council (ECNEC).
    Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by Balochistan,
and is legally binding upon Balochistan in accordance with its
terms.
    Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
    Section 6.04. The provisions of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date
twenty years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall
be the earlier.
                                ARTICLE VII
                Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
    Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Secretary to the Government of Pakistan,
Economic Affairs Division, or any Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Deputy Secretary, or Section Officer in that
Division of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
    Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
    For the Borrower:
          Economic Affairs Division
          Islamabad
          Pakistan
          Cable address:                Telex:
                ECONOMIC                    ECDIV-05-634
                Islamabad
    For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
Page  7
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
                INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to
be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year
first above written.
                ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                By /s/ Mansoor Elahi
                                                Authorized Representative
                INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                By /s/ Mieko Nishimizu
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                                SCHEDULE 1
                 Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.  The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage
of expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated                % of
                             (Expressed in             Expenditures
    Category                SDR Equivalent)           to be Financed
(1) Civil works               13,030,000              90%
(2) Vehicles,                  1,180,000              100% of foreign
    equipment and                                     expenditures,
    materials                                         100% of local
                                                      expenditures,
                                                      (ex-factory
                                                      cost) and 70%
                                                      of local ex-
                                                      penditures for
                                                      other items pro-
                                                      cured locally
(3) Consultants'                  70,000              100%
    services and
    studies
(4) Training                     280,000              100%
(5) PMU operating              2,350,000              70%
    costs
(6) Unallocated                1,590,000
Page  8
                             ___________
        TOTAL                 18,500,000
                              ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower;
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower; and
    (c)   the term "PMU operating costs" means salaries,
allowances and other emoluments of additional staff of PMU
recruited for purposes of the Project, as well as the operating
and maintenance cost of vehicles, equipment and offices of PMU
used in the carrying out of the Project.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.  The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures under contracts not exceeding $200,000
equivalent, under such terms and conditions as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are to increase the scope and
productivity of Balochistan's minor irrigation subsector and
increase farmers' incomes.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:   Development of farmer organizations which can operate
          and maintain minor irrigation systems, and provision of
          technical assistance, training and other services
          therefor.
Part B:   Construction and rehabilitation of about 30 irrigation
          schemes, a pilot program of four flood irrigation
          schemes and, where needed, associated potable water
          supplies.
Part C:   1.    Provision of training and technical assistance to
                BID to support the change in its role from
                builder of minor irrigation to a supplier of
                technical services to farmer organizations.
          2.    Carrying out a pilot program designed to assist
                BID in transferring the operation and maintenance
                responsibilities of all minor irrigation schemes
                (other than flood irrigation) to farmer
                organizations.
Part D:   Provision of support to project management and
          monitoring and evaluation.
                              *      *      *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2000.
Page  9
                                SCHEDULE 3
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to this Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that
unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized
Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $400,000
until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit
Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to Section
5.02 of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of SDR 6,100,000.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for deposit into the Special Account of an amount or amounts
which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the Authorized
Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
          (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account,
                      the Borrower shall furnish to the
                      Association requests for deposits into the
                      Special Account at such intervals as the
                      Association shall specify.
               (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such
                      request, the Borrower shall furnish to the
                      Association the documents and other evidence
                      required pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
                      Schedule for the payment or payments in
                      respect of which replenishment is requested.
                      On the basis of each such request, the
                      Association shall, on behalf of the
                      Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
                      and deposit into the Special Account such
                      amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                      and as shall have been shown by said
                      documents and other evidence to have been
                      paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                      expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
Page  10
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
    (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
    (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
    (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
    (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, minus the total amount of
all outstanding special commitments entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of
such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.  (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for
an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
    (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
    (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
Page  11
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
    (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
