Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2682 GH
                           VRA Project Agreement
                          (Thermal Power Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                           VOLTA RIVER AUTHORITY
                            Dated June 30, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2682 GH
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
    AGREEMENT, dated June 30, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and VOLTA RIVER
AUTHORITY (VRA).
    WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Ghana (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to one
hundred and twenty four million one hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 124,100,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that VRA agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
    (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and VRA, a portion of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will
be relent to VRA on the terms and conditions set forth in said
subsidiary loan agreement; and
    WHEREAS VRA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
    NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
                                Definitions
    Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
    Section 2.01. VRA declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development
Credit Agreement, and to this end, shall carry out Part A of
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
public utility practices, and with due regard to ecological and
environmental factors, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Part A of the Project.
    Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Part A of the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
    Section 2.03. VRA shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
    Section 2.04. VRA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, VRA shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
    Section 2.05. (a) VRA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
    (b)   VRA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by VRA of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
    Section 2.06. VRA shall carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with annual work programs and annual training
programs, and pursuant to implementation arrangements,
satisfactory to the Association.
    Section 2.07. VRA shall carry out in a timely manner an
action plan, satisfactory to the Association, to implement the
measures set out in the Environmental Assessment.
    Section 2.08. (a) VRA shall carry out, jointly with the
Association and the Borrower, not earlier than 12 months and
not later than 16 months following the Effective Date, the mid-
term review of the Project required under Section 3.09 of the
Development Credit Agreement.
    (b)   VRA shall prepare and transmit to the Association, at
least 30 days prior to such review, a report, in scope and
detail satisfactory to the Association, describing the status
Page  3
of progress regarding the items listed in the said Section 3.09
relating to Part A of the Project.
    (c)   Based on such review, VRA shall, jointly with the
Borrower, promptly prepare an action plan, acceptable to the
Association, for the further implementation of the Project, and
shall thereafter implement such action plan.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of VRA
    Section 3.01. VRA shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
    Section 3.02. VRA shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
    Section 3.03. VRA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
    Section 3.04. VRA shall employ, for a period of at least
three and half consecutive years, covering at least the six
months immediately preceding the commissioning of the Power
Plant and the three years following such commissioning, a
utility management firm, satisfactory to the Association, to
manage the Power Plant under terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
    Section 4.01. (a) VRA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures in respect
of Part A of the Project and its operations and financial
condition.
    (b)   VRA shall:
          (i)   have the records, accounts and financial
                statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                and expenses and related statements) referred to
                in paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                auditing principles consistently applied, by
                independent auditors acceptable to the
                Association;
          (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                but in any case not later than six months after
                the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                of its financial statements for such year as so
                audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                Association shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                information concerning said records,
                accounts and financial statements as well
                as the audit thereof, as the Association
                shall from time to time reasonably request.
Page  4
    Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, VRA shall earn an annual return of not less than 8% of
the average current net value of VRA's fixed assets in
operation.
    (b)   Before October 1 in each of its fiscal years, VRA shall
review, on the basis of forecasts prepared by VRA and
satisfactory to the Association, whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year
and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its completion.
    (c)   If any such review shows that VRA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for VRA's fiscal years
covered by such review, VRA shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
    (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                VRA's net operating income for the fiscal year in
                question by one half of the sum of the current
                net value of VRA's fixed assets in operation at
                the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year.
         (ii)   The term "net operating income" means total
                operating revenues less total operating
                expenses.
        (iii)   The term "total operating revenues" means
                revenues from all sources related to
                operations.
         (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means
                all expenses related to operations,
                including administration, adequate
                maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                taxes, and provision for depreciation on a
                straight-line basis at a rate of not less
                than 2% per annum of the average current
                gross value of VRA's fixed assets in
                operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                Association, but excluding interest and
                other charges on debt.
          (v)   The average current gross value of VRA's fixed
                assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                half of the sum of the gross value of VRA's fixed
                assets in operation at the beginning and at the
                end of the fiscal year, as valued from time to
                time in accordance with sound and consistently
                maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                the Association.
          (vi)  The term "current net value of VRA's fixed assets
                in operation" means the gross value of VRA's
                fixed assets in operation less the amount of
                accumulated depreciation, as valued from time to
                time in accordance with sound and consistently
                maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                the Association.
    Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, VRA shall not incur any debt, unless the net revenues of
VRA for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of such
incurrence or for a later twelve-month period ended prior to
the date of such incurrence, whichever is the greater, shall be
at least 1.5 times the estimated maximum debt service
requirements of VRA for the fiscal year in which such debt was
incurred and each succeeding fiscal year on all debt of VRA,
Page  5
including the debt to be incurred.
    (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)   The term "debt" means all debt (including any
                indebtedness assumed or guaranteed by VRA) but
                shall exclude:
                (A)    debt for money borrowed in the ordinary
                       course of business and payable on demand or
                       maturing by its terms not more than one
                       year after the original date of incurrence,
                       provided that the amount of such debt at
                       any time outstanding shall not exceed 10%
                       of VRA's total operating expenses,
                       excluding depreciation for the preceding
                       fiscal year or any later 12-month period,
                       whichever is greater; and
                (B)    debt which is incurred in the ordinary
                       course of business other than for money
                       borrowed, and payable on demand or maturing
                       by its terms not more than one year after
                       the original date of its incurrence.
          (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                providing for such debt or for the modification
                of its terms of payment on the date of such
                contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                providing for such guarantee has been entered
                into.
        (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the
                difference between:
                (A)    the sum of revenues from all sources
                       related to operations adjusted to take
                       account of VRA's rates in effect at the
                       time of the incurrence of debt even though
                       they were not in effect during the twelve-
                       month period to which such revenues relate
                       and net non-operating income; and
                (B)    the sum of all expenses related to
                       operations including administration,
                       adequate maintenance, taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, but excluding provision for
                       depreciation, other non-cash operating
                       charges and interest and other charges on
                       debt.
          (iv)  The term "net non-operating income" means the
                difference between:
                (A)    revenues from all sources other than those
                       related to operations; and
                (B)    expenses, including taxes and payments in
                       lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                       of revenues in (A) above.
          (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                charges on, debt.
         (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section,
                it shall be necessary to value, in terms of
                the currency of the Borrower, debt payable
Page  6
                in another currency, such valuation shall
                be made on the basis of the prevailing
                lawful rate of exchange at which such other
                currency is, at the time of such valuation,
                obtainable for the purposes of servicing
                such debt, or, in the absence of such rate,
                on the basis of a rate of exchange
                acceptable to the Association.
    Section 4.04. VRA shall settle all bills payable through the
Clearing House System on a monthly basis.
    Section 4.05. VRA shall set aside and maintain, in foreign
exchange (freely convertible into the currency of repayment of
VRA's foreign exchange debt service obligations), funds
equivalent to not less than the smaller of (a) the amount of
VRA's foreign exchange debt service obligation due during the
succeeding twelve-month period, and (b) the equivalent of
$25,000,000.
    Section 4.06. Until the completion of the Project, VRA
shall, not later than December 1 of each year, review with the
Association the composition of its capital expenditure program
for the five fiscal years immediately following such review
together with details of the financing plan prepared for such
program.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
    Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
    Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of VRA hereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
          (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                terms; or
          (ii)  the date 17 years after the date of this Agreement.
    (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify VRA of this event.
    Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
    Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between
the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail,
telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
    For the Association:
Page  7
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                INDEVAS                    248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
    For VRA:
          Chief Executive
          Volta River Authority
          P.O. Box M 77
          Accra, Ghana
          Cable address:                 Telex:
                VOLTA                      2343 GH
                Accra
    Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under
this Agreement on behalf of VRA, or by VRA on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken
or executed by the Chief Executive or such other person or
persons as the Chief Executive shall designate in writing, and
VRA shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
    Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to
be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year
first above written.
                       INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
                       VOLTA RIVER AUTHORITY
                       By /s/ Ekwow Spio-Garbrah
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
Page  8
1.  Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods, works and Power
Plant operation and management services shall be procured under
contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
    (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide
that, when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will be
increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken
into account in the bid evaluation.
    (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary
for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard
bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower
shall use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.  To the extent practicable, contracts for works for Part A.1
of the Project shall be grouped into two bid packages.
3.  Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by
third-party inspection firms.
4.  Bidders for the works included in Part A.1 of the Project
and bidders for Power Plant operation and management services
shall be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Ghana may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
    In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, VRA may grant a margin
of preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
    Items or groups of items for goods, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $300,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained
from at least three suppliers from at least two different
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of prequalification:
    With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided
in Part A.4 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  9
2.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.  The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.  In order to assist VRA in carrying out Part A of the
Project, VRA shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to contracts
estimated to cost less than $100,000 equivalent each. However,
this exception to prior Association review or approval
requirements shall not apply to the terms of reference for such
contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single-
source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association, and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
