Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2107 SE
                   Project Agreement
        (Second Agricultural Research Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
      INSTITUT SENEGALAIS DE RECHERCHES AGRICOLES
                 Dated April 24, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2107 SE
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 24, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
and INSTITUT SENEGALAIS DE RECHERCHES AGRICOLES (ISRA).
     WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between Republic of Senegal (the Borrower)
and the Association, the Association has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fourteen million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 14,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that ISRA agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
     WHEREAS ISRA, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
Page  2
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the term "Five-Year
Research Program" means the research program of ISRA
covering the years 1990-1995.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. ISRA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
the Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
scientific, agricultural, financial, and engineering
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. ISRA shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. (a) ISRA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  ISRA shall promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by ISRA of
its obligations under this Agreement.
     (c)  By January 31 and July 31 of each year of
execution of the Project and without limitation upon its
obligations under Section 9.06 of the General Conditions,
ISRA shall prepare a progress report on the execution of
the Project of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request.
     Section 2.05. By October 31 of each year, ISRA shall
furnish to the Association its work program, budget and
financing plan for the next following fiscal year,
acceptable to the Association.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of ISRA
     Section 3.01. ISRA shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, scientific, and financial practices under
the supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. ISRA shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
Page  3
property and, from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering and financial
practices.
     Section 3.03. ISRA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Association for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. By January 1, 1991, ISRA shall prepare
an action plan, satisfactory to the Association, for the
establishment of an independent commercial production
company to manage its revenue earning activities; such
company to be established not later than January 1, 1992.
     Section 3.05. During execution of the Project ISRA
shall take all measures necessary to ensure that:
     (a)  any increase of research and administrative
staff is justified by the manpower development study;
     (b)  funding for any new position created will be
provided for in the Borrower's budget; and
     (c)  any research program not included in the Five-
Year Research Program will only be carried out if:
          (i)  complete financing for any such program
               is assured; and
          (ii) it is of high priority.
     Section 3.06. By April 30, 1990 and, thereafter,
during execution of the Project, ISRA shall take all
necessary measures to participate in the activities of
the regional research technical committees which have
been established in its intervention zones.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) ISRA shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  ISRA shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Association shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
Page  4
               records, accounts and financial
               statements as well as the audit
               thereof, as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of ISRA thereunder shall terminate
on the earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance
               with its terms; or
          (ii) the date 15 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify ISRA of this event.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
or telex to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For ISRA:
          Institut Senegalais de Recherches Agricoles
          B.P. 3120
          Dakar Senegal
Page  5
          Cable address:           Telex:
               CHERCHAGRI                    23117
               Dakar
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of ISRA, may be
taken or executed by the Director General or such other
person or persons as the Director General shall designate
in writing, and ISRA shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               INSTITUT SENEGALAIS DE RECHERCHES AGRICOLES
               By /s/ Ibra Deguene KA
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Senegal may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of $100,000 or less and contracts for works may be
procured on the basis of local competitive bidding
Page  6
advertised locally in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of $30,000 or less may be procured on the basis of three
price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Association has authorized withdrawals from the
Credit Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit
Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist in the execution of the Project,
ISRA shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall
be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants
shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
