Report No. PID7600
Project Name                     Latin America Region-Mesoamerican Barrier Reef (@)
(GEF)
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Natural Resources Management
Project ID                       6LGE53349
Implementing Agency
Address CENTRAL AMERICAN COMMISSION ON ENVIRONMENT
AND DEVELOPMENT CCAD
Sistema de la Integracion Centroamericana
Direccion General del Medio Ambiente (DIGEMA)
Blvd. Ordon de Malta, No. 470
Urb. Santa Elena, Antigua Cuscatlan
El Salvador
Contact Person: Ing. Mauricio Castro
Tel: (503) 289-8131
Fax: (503) 289-6124/25
Email: mcastro@sicanet.org.sv
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                November 13, 2000
Projected Appraisal
Date                             TBD
Projected Board Date             TBD
1. Country and Sector Background
The Country Assistance Strategy (CAS) for Mexico identifies three core
themes for World Bank Group assistance to Mexico: social sustainability,
removing obstacles to sustainable growth, and effective public governance.
Within this broad framework, the CAS identifies a few priority areas for
Bank involvement in the Environment Sector, including institutional
development and decentralization of environmental management, better
management of natural resources (e.g., forests, water and biodiversity),
and assistance in the design of sector policies.Guatemala, Honduras and
Belize share similar CAS goals of reducing rural poverty through improved
environmental security and better management of natural resources.
Building social capital through information networking, training and
broader participation of local stakeholders in the management of resources
is identified as a complementary goal among the three countries. The
Project would support these goals by first promoting a regional vision of
ecosystem sustainability and productivity. It would support public
awareness about the importance of the MBRS as a world-class resource, its
importance to the cultural and economic future of the region, as well as
its role as a vital component of the biosphere. The Project would further
seek to reduce fragmentation at the national and regional levels in the
governance of the MBRS by improving regional information systems for
decision-making and harmonizing policy frameworks across the four
countries in line with principles of environmental and social
sustainability.Such policy cohesion would lay the groundwork for regional
cooperation in the adoption of agreed protocols for conservation and
sustainable use-particularly in productive sectors such as tourism and



fisheries. In line with this, the Project would promote region-wide
adoption of best practice in sustainable marine tourism through
disseminating codes of conduct, providing training and resources for their
application and establishing regional environmental certification systems.
This, coupled with opportunities for coastal communities to engage in
small and medium enterprise and alternative livelihood schemes linked to
ecotourism, should lead to higher incomes, sustainable economic growth and
reduction in rural poverty-CAS goals in all four countries.In line with
these stragic objectives, the Project development objective is to assist
the countries of Belize, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico to manage the
Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System (MBRS) as a shared, regional ecosystem;
safeguard its biodiversity values and functional integrity; and create a
framework for its sustainable use.A Threat and Root Cause Analysis (TRCA)
was completed during Project preparation, which revealed the following
major threats to the sustainability of the Mesoamerican Barrier Reef
System (See Annex 13):Coastal/island development and rapidly expanding
tourismInappropriate upstream land and resource use, and industrial
developmentOverfishing and unregulated aquaculture developmentUncontrolled
port, shipping and navigation practicesClimato-meteorological phenomena
associated with changes in ocean currents, sea surface temperatures, storm
intensity, precipitation, and vulnerability to disease, in all probability
linked to climate change.The cumulative impact of these combined threats-
both anthropogenic and "natural"-is a growing cause for alarm. That these
threats are common to the four countries bordering the MBRS emphasizes the
transboundary nature of factors that influence habitats and resources, and
the dynamic nature of the processes (e.g., recruitment, predation,
nutrient transport and disease) that determine the system's resilience and
sustainability.Associated with these threats are underlying conditions
that may be regarded as root causes or constraints that prevent
governments from adequately addressing the immediate threats to the health
of the MBRS. These include the following:Lack of information on the status
of the MBRS and on economic, environmental and social tradeoffs associated
with various use regimesAt the regional level, absence of system wide
mechanisms or legal frameworks to manage the ecosystem as a whole; at the
sub-national and local levels, sectoral fragmentation in the management of
habitats and resources of the MBRSLack of public awareness of the value of
the MBRSLack of coherent policies; inconsistency in environmental
standards and in the application of existing standards related to EIA,
land use planning/zoning, water quality, polluter pays principleInadequate
protection of critical elements and ecological processes essential to the
integrity and continued productivity of the MBRS Lack of trained
personnel.Issues and GapsInformation Gaps: Undermining management efforts
in all four countries is the basic lack of information on the status of
the MBRS. Although monitoring efforts are underway in selected areas,
reliable information is required to provide a synoptic view of the system
as a whole, determine the origin and scope of common threats, and form a
basis for regional cooperation in the management of a shared resource. A
prime example of this information gap exists with regard to fisheries.
Inadequate information on commercially important stocks has led to the
issuing of quotas and user permits on a fragmented basis, without regard
for total system yields or allowable harvest. Intense fishing pressure by
individual nations is threatening the viability of economically important
stocks like lobster and conch, once plentiful in the waters of the MBRS.
Another serious constraint is the absence of water quality data for the
principal coastal drainages of the MBRS. The production of citrus fruits
- 2 -



and banana in the Rio Hondo watershed, between Mexico and Belize, is
thought to be a major source of non-point pollution in the Bay of
Chetumal. This, along with point sources from industry and expanding human
settlements, have made Chetumal a major pollution hot spot in the
transboundary area between Mexico and Belize. Quantification of this
pollution will be essential to identifying its source and mitigating its
effects.Policy Gaps and Fragmentation. At the national level,
fragmentation in coastal resource management is manifested in the lack of
an integrated approach to economic development within coastal areas (e.g.,
tourism, fisheries, agriculture, infrastructure) and the failure to
incorporate environmental and social costs into economic decision-making.
This is particularly true in the tourism industry, manifested by rapid and
chaotic growth along the corridor from Cancun to Chetumal in Quintana Roo,
in the Bay Islands of Honduras, and on many of the cays along the Belize
Barrier Reef (Map 1). Examples include conversion of coastal habitat for
large tourist installations, dredging of channels and bays for the
expanding cruise ship industry, and inadequate waste management facilities
in tourist centers and ports. The latter increases the stress on already
over-extended municipal services for wastewater and sanitation. Tourism
has also contributed to the local demise of conch, lobster and finfish
populations. Of special concern is the overexploitation of breeding
aggregations of Nassau Grouper, an important predator on the reef. Once
virtually unknown, these aggregation sites have become increasingly
vulnerable to harvesting by artisanal fishers, leading to significant
changes in biological community structure and ecology of reefs within the
system. Lack of information on sources and sites of development impacts
downstream contributes to the absence of uniform standards with regard to
effluent and receiving water quality, lack of rigor and consistency in the
application of environmental impact assessment to coastal development
projects, and in the permitting and enforcement regime governing resource
harvests. This had led to distortions in the distribution of MBRS benefits
and costs, thereby eliminating disincentives for unsustainable use.Lack of
Public Awareness: Contributing to the fragmented approach to coastal
resource management and to unsustainable use practices is the lack of
public awareness of the intrinsic value of the MBRS and of the costs of
inadequate protection in terms of loss of goods and services it provides.
Creating this awareness will be essential to building and maintaining a
constituency of support for national and regional level actions required
to ensure the sustainability of the MBRS.Inadequate Protection of Marine
Biodiversity: Despite efforts by the four countries to expand the system
of marine reserves within their national waters, protection of the key
habitats and biological communities that comprise the MBRS and of the
processes that ensure its integrity and productivity-and contribute to its
resilience-is still inadequate. Knowledge of system boundaries, of the
locations and linkages between source reefs and sink reefs (often in
different countries) and the factors that affect them, is limited.
Coordination between countries in the management of adjacent or
transboundary habitats is ad hoc or non-existent. Finally, the
availability of trained personnel in coral reef monitoring and in the
essential tools of marine protected area management is uneven, hindering
coordination across countries and severely limiting management
effectiveness within several MBRS countries.Governments'
strategyRecognizing, on the one hand, the importance of the MBRS to the
economy of the region and to the natural and cultural heritage of its
people, and the increasing threats to its overall health on the other, the
- 3 -



leaders of the four countries bordering the MBRS convened in Tulum, Mexico
in June 1997 to pledge their commitment to protecting this outstanding
resource. The Tulum Declaration called on the four littoral states of the
MBRS and its partners in the region to join in developing an Action Plan
for its Conservation and Sustainable Use. The Central American Commission
on Environment and Development (known hereafter by its Spanish initials,
CCAD), comprised of the Ministers of Environment of the seven Central
American countries and Mexico (as an observer), approached the GEF through
the World Bank to request support for the design of the Plan and a
strategy for its implementation. With PDF Block A and Block B funds from
the GEF and technical support from the World Bank, IUCN, and WWF, CCAD
convened a multi-stakeholder workshop and subsequent working groups of
scientists, managers, governmental and non-governmental representatives
from the four participating countries to draft an Action Plan for
management of the MBRS.The Action Plan, which provides the basis for a
comprehensive, 15-year program of regional and national level activities
aimed at safeguarding the integrity and productivity of the MBRS, was
adopted in June 1999. Regional activities outlined in the Action Plan
focus on four thematic areas: (1) Research and Monitoring, (2)
Legislation, (3) Capacity Building, and (4) Regional Coordination.
Specific regional activities include the establishment of a regional
system of Marine Protected Areas to ensure the representativeness of MBRS
ecosystems and the overall functionality of the barrier reef system within
a protected area framework; the design and implementation of a regional
program to monitor MBRS health; the mapping of coastal environments using
GIS; monitoring of MBRS 'indicator species' such as the Nassau Grouper;
the exploration of more sustainable alternatives to fishing; design and
establishment of a regional database on MBRS resources and dissemination
of information; development of a tourism Environmental Certification
Program for the MBRS region; the establishment of bi-national and
tri-national commissions to facilitate policy dialogue, harmonization of
legislation and the management of natural resources in trans-border areas;
training for personnel and infrastructure support to institutions along
the MBRS; development of a communication strategy; and stimulation of
participation by local communities and ethnic groups in issues related to
the management of MBRS resources. At the national level, activities are
also dispersed across four thematic areas: (1) Monitoring and Research,
(2) Sustainable Use, (3) Capacity Building of National Institutions, and
(4) Inter-sectoral Coordination. National activities outlined in the Plan
are not the same in all MBRS countries, depending on the need and
capacities within each country in the context of a particular area.
Specific national activities include the development of a bio-physical and
socio-economic inventory of MBRS resources; assessment of the dependence
of tourism and fisheries on MBRS resources; designation of new Marine
Protected Areas to increase ecosystem representation; creation of legal
instruments to facilitate the co-management of Marine Protected Areas;
implementation of actions to protect key species such as manatees, turtles
and crocodiles; creation of the legal and institutional framework to
ensure sustainable management of fisheries and tourism, including
enforcement mechanisms for existing laws; identification, control and
monitoring of sources of pollution of the MBRS, including liquid and solid
waste; implementation of international Conventions relating to
biodiversity and sustainable use of natural resources; and design and
implementation of pilot projects in Integrated Coastal Zone Management. To
promote these activities and facilitate coordination in the implementation
- 4 -



of regional elements of the Action Plan, National Barrier Reef Committees
were established in each country.It is the regional aspects of this plan
that form the basis of the current proposal to the GEF. The four
countries' commitment to jointly develop an Action Plan for management of
the MBRS and their willingness to collaborate in addressing regional
threats and common problems, signal a shift in attitude toward a
collective strategy to safeguard the sustainability of this shared public
good.
2. Objectives
1. Project development objective and key performance indicators (see Annex
1):The Project development objective is to assist the countries of Belize,
Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico to manage the Mesoamerican Barrier Reef
System (MBRS) as a shared, regional ecosystem; safeguard its biodiversity
values and functional integrity; and create a framework for its
sustainable use. 2. Project global objectives and key performance
indicators (see Annex 1):The global objective of the Mesoamerican Barrier
Reef Project is to enhance protection of the ecologically unique and
vulnerable marine ecosystems comprising the MBRS, by assisting the
littoral states to strengthen and coordinate national policies,
regulations and institutional arrangements for the conservation and
sustainable use of this global public good.The Mesoamerican Barrier Reef
System, extending from the southern half of the Yucatan Peninsula to the
Bay Islands of Honduras, includes the second longest barrier reef in the
world. The MBRS is unique in the Western hemisphere on account of its
size, its array of reef types, and the luxuriance of corals it contains.
The MBRS stabilizes and protects coastal landscapes; maintains coastal
water quality; sustains species of commercial importance; serves as
breeding and feeding grounds for marine mammals, reptiles, fish and
invertebrates; and offers employment alternatives and incomes to
approximately one million people living in coastal zones adjacent to the
reefs. Associated with the coral reefs of the MBRS are extensive areas of
relatively pristine coastal wetlands, lagoons, seagrass beds and mangrove
forests; these sustain exceptionally high biodiversity and provide
critical habitat for threatened species. The outstanding ecological and
cultural significance of the MBRS has resulted in its designation as a
World Heritage site.The Project would seek to conserve this globally
important resource by providing support to strengthen existing and create
a variety of new mechanisms to safeguard its integrity and continued
productivity. These include facilitating the: harmonization of relevant
policies and regulations related to sustainable management of
shared/transboundary resources, including fisheries and critical habitats
for spawning and recruitment; consolidation of a network of Marine
Protected Areas (MPAs) within the MBRS to maintain vital ecological
processes and increase representativeness in the existing system; reaching
of agreement on the establishment of environmental standards for
monitoring coastal water quality and other indicators of coral reef
ecosystem health; introduction of best practice and regional environmental
certification programs for sustainable tourism development; and building
of capacity through training, environmental education and improved
information systems to enhance public and private participation in the
conservation of the MBRS and the benefits from its sustainable use.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The GEF's role in this Project is essential. The majority of issues being
- 5 -



addressed under this Project are transboundary in character, thus the
incremental cost aspects can only be adequately addressed through grant
support.The World Bank brings to this Project its considerable capacity to
address marine-related environmental issues and its ability to convene
governments around issues of common concern. The Bank has extensive
experience in the design and implementation of regional seas programs
around the world, and has been a long-standing member and active supporter
of the International Coral Reef Initiative, with a growing portfolio of
coral reef related operations currently valued at nearly US$100
million.More specifically, the Bank, through an IDA credit to the
Government of Honduras, will be investing in baseline costs related to the
establishment of a framework for sustainable tourism along Honduras's
northern Caribbean coast. This area includes the mainland coast from
Puerto Cortez to Trujillo and the offshore Bay Islands-the
southeastern-most extension of the MBRS. The US$5.0 million credit is
being designed as a Learning and Innovation Loan (LIL), in parallel with
the GEF regional MBRS Project. The objectives of the LIL are to create an
enabling environment-through policy dialogue, capacity building at the
municipal and local community level, and support for innovative
public-private partnerships-for the sustainable development of tourism
within the coastal zone of the MBRS. The Project will pilot the
establishment of environment and tourism technical units within each
participating municipality to oversee environmental assessment
requirements in relation to tourism development proposals; specialized
training in tourism related services to local stakeholder groups;
dissemination of best practice in the coastal tourism industry and a
regional environmental certification program to encourage its adoption;
and an innovation marketplace to promote new ideas and opportunities for
small-to-medium enterprise development in the coastal tourism sector.
These activities are being designed to serve as demonstrations for
sustainable tourism development in other parts of the MBRS. Through its
work with indigenous groups in the coastal zone, the LIL will also inform
the community based management activities under the MPA and sustainable
use components of the MBRS regional Project.In addition to the IDA credit,
the Bank has partnered extensively with the GEF in investments to
consolidate and conserve the terrestrial portion of the MBC. The Bank has
been successful in leveraging additional financing for these investments
from bilaterals, such as the Netherlands and the United States, the EU,
the IDB and from the countries involved. Together these investments form a
critical mass of support for regional cooperation in the conservation of
globally important transboundary ecosystems, and in building the capacity-
institutional, financial and human-to achieve these objectives.
4. Description
Marine Protected Areas
Regional Environmental Information System
Promoting Sustainable Use
Public Awareness & Environmental Education
Regional Coordination/Project Management
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
GOVERNMENT 4.23
IBRD
-6-



IDA
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY 11.01
Total Project Cost 15.24
6. Implementation
CCAD will be the implementing agency for the MBRS Program and will oversee
execution by the PCU of the five year Project proposed during Phase 1 (see
Figure 1). At the policy level, the Program will be coordinated by the RSC
made up of representatives of CCAD and each of the existing National
Barrier Reef Committees in the four MBRS countries; ex-officio members
will include those representing donor organizations and partner
institutions working on related issues in the region. The RSC will be
supported by the TAC, composed of internationally recognized experts in
the technical areas of project assistance. The regional PCU, based in
Belize, will be responsible for direct implementation of the five year
Project during the Program's first phase. Given the perspective of the
Action Plan's 15-year implementation period, the ultimate objective is to
transform the PCU into a technical center of excellence for coastal and
marine resources management in the region, under the mantle of CCAD.
Institutional strengthening will be achieved over time, through the hiring
of skilled technical specialists to coordinate the program in its various
phases, and through networking with research institutions and other
organizations working with state of the art methods for coral reef
ecosystem management. During the project's first phase, technical support
will be provided to the PCU by the Regional TWGs, complemented by
regional/international consultants on an "as-needed" basis.* The TWGs will
be supported by the Policy Working Group (see below under Project
Rationale). Program activities under each of the four proposed components:
Marine Protected Areas; Regional Environmental Information System (EIS);
Promoting Sustainable Use of the MBRS; and Public Awareness and
Environmental Education, will be executed by a mix of local and regional
entities.* Costs of consultants have been budgeted for under the
respective components.
7. Sustainability
Sustainability in the context of this Project must be defined in terms of
both (i) ecological sustainability-that is maintaining the biological
communities and ecological processes that comprise the MBRS and are
responsible for the goods and services it produces; and (ii) program
sustainability-establishing the institutional arrangements, financial
commitments, and economic and social incentives to maintain a strategic
set of well coordinated activities that will create the conditions for the
first. The Project design recognizes the need to account for
interconnectedness of ecological processes and environmental impacts
within the MBRS, many of which are transboundary in nature (i.e., cross
political frontiers) or are the result of development activities upstream
(within national boundaries). To do this requires comprehension of the
system's true boundaries, the forces that drive the system (e.g.,
recruitment, predation, competition, nutrient cycling, and physical
factors including climate, temperature and pH), and how they operate to
keep the system intact. This is the role of science-of research and
monitoring, and of information dissemination.Related to this is the
interpretation of relevant information for the public and for
decision-makers. Exchange of information and public debate is essential to
creating a constituency for the political and financial support, and the
-7 -



economic and social tradeoffs in some cases, that will be required to
initiate and sustain conservation efforts over time. This is a major focus
of the current Project.In the case of transboundary aquatic systems like
the MBRS, sustaining measures to conserve its ecological values and
economic productivity will depend on regional cooperation in adopting an
ecosystem perspective that transcends both national interests and
geographic frontiers. Traditionally, such international cooperation is
rare, despite a shared stake in the future of the resources among
riparians, and the economic and ecological implications of failure to do
so in the long term. A similar pattern is usually evident among the array
of donors in a region, whose interventions are targeted but generally
fragmented in terms of coordination with one another and often not
sustained over the long term.The MBRS Program is designed to address the
need for regionalism in the perspective of the countries involved, and for
coordination of activities within a long-term, strategic framework. The
first phase of the Program focuses on system-wide threats and
interventions required to address these. It will seek to facilitate
coordination at the technical and policy levels among the four countries
through establishment of the Regional Technical Working Groups and support
for their operation. Regional monitoring and information systems will help
bind the countries together through shared knowledge and provide the basis
for informed policies and decision-making at the regional level.
Sustainability of interventions over the long term will be enhanced
through human resource development and institutional capacity building,
and through the commitment of donors and stakeholders in the region to a
program rather than a project approach. Financial sustainability will be
enhanced through efforts to leverage GEF financing in Phase 1 toward new
investments by co-financiers in Phases 2 and 3, by expanding the
partnership, identifying synergies and demonstrating technical and
financial efficiencies of scale. Areas of opportunity for collaboration
with new partners can be found for each MBRS component, including policy
and regulatory strengthening; training; environmental education, public
outreach campaigns and media development; planning responses for
contingencies; and in inventory, monitoring and development of the
proposed environmental information system.Cost recovery for training, MPA
management, environmental information systems, environmental certification
and other fee-based services to be supported under the Project will be
introduced at the end of Phase 1, to promote continuity beyond the life of
Project. Criteria for replicability and scaling up of sustainable use
activities in subsequent phases of the Program will include profitability,
ease of adoption and dissemination and demonstration value. With respect
to recurrent costs for fuel, equipment maintenance and some consumables,
these in-kind contributions have already been absorbed into the existing
budgets of the implementing agencies, and should therefore prove
manageable in the future.By institutionalizing policy reforms, increasing
the collection and flow of information, strengthening institutions and
collaborating with a broad array of stakeholders, the MBRS Program will
build a strong base of support that is likely to transcend changes in
administration and personnel, and help ensure continuity in the commitment
of partners and the flow of resources over the life of the Program.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Experience with regional seas programs elsewhere has taught that creating
a common stake in the future of a shared resource and a sense of ownership
in the management process is essential to the sustainability of any
- 8 -



collaborative effort. Gaining the commitment of stakeholders to regional
cooperation to solve system-wide, transboundary issues requires
consultation and consensus and a reaffirmation of the benefits of
regionalism vs. a more fragmented, nationalist approach. This in turn
requires public awareness and dialogue to create a strong constituency for
the harmonization of policies and enforcement of legislation that will
sustain such a regional approach. Aligned with this must be adequate
resources to absorb the incremental costs of conservation and economic
tradeoffs in the interests of the regional, public good. The current
Project has been designed with significant consultation at the policy and
technical levels. An ongoing social assessment will help ensure ownership
at the local level for actions that will generate conservation and
socio-economic benefits to local communities. Continuous policy dialogue
will be an important element of the regional Project and program.
Implementation of Phase 1 by CCAD will promote cross-country dialogue on
MBRS issues of regional importance, and help elevate policy concerns to
the highest political levels. CCAD's implementation of the complementary
regional MBC project with assistance from the GEF and UNDP will promote
integration between terrestrial and coastal/marine objectives to safeguard
the MBC, and harmonization of sectoral policies (e.g., in agriculture,
water, tourism and infrastructure) among the countries concerned to
support these objectives.Another important lesson learned from natural
resource and environmental projects around the world is that these are
necessarily long-term efforts, requiring sustained commitments of
political will and resources. This is even truer of regional initiatives,
whose scope and implementation are more complex and thus require more time
to achieve stated goals. Bearing this in mind, the current Project has
been designed as part of a 15 year Program. A phased approach will allow
for steady progress toward realistic objectives in the near to medium
term, building toward achievement of program goals in the longer term. A
commitment in principle to the longer-term goals and the resources
required to achieve them, based on interim performance and outcomes,
should create the incentives for success at each stage. This in turn
should attract more resources from partners and other potential donors,
and a better integration of investments in the region, reinforcing the
success of the long-term effort.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        The Environmental Assessment (EA) was based in
large part on the Threat and Root Cause Analysis and Transboundary
Diagnostic Analysis (TBDA) prepared in the early stages of Project design.
Because the Project is designed to address many of the fundamental threats
to the ecological health of the MBRS, as identified in the TRCA and TBDA,
negative environmental impacts are expected to be few and minor. In light
of the Project's objectives to conserve the integrity and continued
productivity of the MBRS, and to promote opportunities for its sustainable
use, stakeholders consulted in the preparation of the EA were of the
opinion that the MBRS Project would have important overall positive
environmental and social impacts for the MBRS region. The Project will
make important contributions to the body of knowledge concerning the
status of the MBRS and its resources, and the real and potential negative
impacts of anthropogenic activities as these are manifested on its
habitats and resources. The Project seeks synergistic linkages with
-9-



ongoing and future local, national and, regional initiatives dealing with
conservation and sustainable use of the MBRS. It would achieve this by
promoting a regional view of ecosystem boundaries and issues, a long-term
program of investment and monitoring, and mechanisms for regional
coordination in program design and implementation. The Category B rating
reflects the potential for some negative environmental impacts associated
with minor civil works in the construction of MPA infrastructure. To
mitigate these risks, environmental management guidelines for construction
and operation of MPA infrastructure will be prepared by the Natural
Resources Management Specialist within the Regional PCU. These will be
prepared in conjunction with the design of MPA infrastructure and prior to
undertaking civil works. Compliance with these guidelines will be
supervised by MPA management staff and monitored by the PCU staff.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Marea Eleni Hatziolos
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (202) 473-1061
Fax:   (202) 522-0367
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID processed by the InfoShop during the week ending November 17, 2000.
- 10 -



