Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2765-HA
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Employment Generation Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF HAITI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 13, 1995
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2765-HA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
   AGREEMENT, dated July 13, 1995, between REPUBLIC OF HAITI
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
   WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in
the financing of the Project;
   WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
   NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
   Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereto set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
   (a)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
Page  2
   (b)   the second sentence of Section 5.01 is modified to
read:
         "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
         otherwise agree, no withdrawals shall be made: (a) on
         account of expenditures in the territories of any
         country which is not a member of the Bank or for goods
         produced in, or services supplied from, such
         territories; or (b) for the purpose of any payment to
         persons or entities, or for any import of goods, if
         such payment or import, to the knowledge of the Bank,
         is prohibited by a decision of the United Nations
         Security Council taken under Chapter VII of the Charter
         of the United Nations."
   Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
   (a)   "Arrete" means the Borrower's executive order dated
December 20, 1994, published in Le Moniteur on March 2, 1995;
   (b)   "Implementing Organization" means any: (i) governmental
organization (including any local government agency of the
Borrower); (ii) non-governmental organization; (iii) community
organization; or (iv) private firm that is selected for the
purposes of carrying out a Subproject (as hereinafter defined);
   (c)   "MDOD" means Maitre d'Ouvrage Delegue, a non-
governmental contract management entity with experience and
qualifications acceptable to the Association;
   (d)   "MDOD Agreement" means any of the agreements referred
to in Section 3.04 (c) of this Agreement;
   (e)   "Operational Manual" means the UCG's manual dated June
6, 1995 specifying the UCG's managerial, financial,
administrative, engineering and environmental policies and
procedures for the execution of the Project and the eligibility
criteria for Implementing Organizations;
   (f)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the Project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to a letter from the Association dated May 22, 1995,
countersigned by the Borrower on May 24, 1995;
   (g)   "Quarterly Work Program" means any of the programs
referred to in Section 3.08 (a) of this Agreement;
   (h)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
   (i)   "Subproject" means any activity to be financed under
Part A of the Project under a Subproject Agreement (as
hereinafter defined) entered into on or before July 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Association shall establish;
   (j)   "Subproject Agreement" means any of the agreements
referred to in Section 3.04 (c) (ii) of this Agreement;
   (k)   "UCG" means Unite Central de Gestion, the Borrower's
central administration unit established as an autonomous entity
with juridical personality pursuant to the Arrete; and
   (l)   "UCG Agreement" means the agreement dated June 8, 1995
between the Borrower and the UCG, providing, inter alia, for:
         (i)  the transfer of the proceeds of the Credit to the
              UCG; and
         (ii) the UCG's obligation to carry out the Project in
Page  3
              accordance with the provisions of this Agreement,
              the Operational Manual and the Quarterly Work
              Programs.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
   Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty-one million eight hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 31,800,000).
   Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit.
   (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in the Bank
of the Republic of Haiti on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
   (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and pay to itself the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn
and outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges
thereon. The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of
the Project Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
   Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
   Section 2.04. (a)  The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the
Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the
rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
   (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the Accrual Date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
Accrual Date or at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
payment date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
   (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of,
the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this
Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions or in such other eligible currency or currencies as
may from time to time be designated or selected pursuant to the
provisions of that Section.
   Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
Page  4
   Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each
year.
   Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each February 1 and August
1 commencing August 1, 2005 and ending February 1, 2035. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on
February 1, 2015 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two percent
(2%) of such principal amount.
   (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded
$790 in constant 1985 Dollars for five consecutive years; and
(ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank
lending, the Association may, subsequent to the review and
approval thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association
and after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such installment not
yet due until the principal amount of the Credit shall have
been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association
may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all
of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the
Association on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment
of the Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
   (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly,
the Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further
modify the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of
installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.
   Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
   Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end:
         (i)  shall, pursuant to the UCG Agreement, cause the
              UCG to carry out the Project, with due diligence
              and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
              managerial, financial, administrative,
              engineering and environmental practices, and
              shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
              facilities, services and other resources required
              for the Project;
         (ii) shall take or cause to be taken all action,
              including the provision of funds, facilities,
              services and other resources, necessary or
              appropriate to enable the UCG to carry out the
              Project; and
        (iii) shall not take or permit to be taken any
              action which would prevent or interfere
              with the carrying out of the Project by the
Page  5
              UCG.
   (b)   Without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall ensure that the UCG
carries out the Project in accordance with the Operational
Manual and the Quarterly Work Programs.
   (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights and comply with
its obligations under the UCG Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association, and
to accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and, except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, suspend, abrogate, repeal or waive the UCG
Agreement or any provision thereof.
   (d)   The Borrower shall ensure that the UCG exercises its
rights and complies with its obligations under any MDOD
Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Borrower and the Association, and to accomplish the purposes of
the Credit, and, except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall ensure that the UCG
shall not assign, suspend, amend, abrogate, repeal or waive any
MDOD Agreement or any provision thereof.
   Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
   Section 3.03. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
   (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
   (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
   (c)   thereafter, carry out or cause to be carried out said
plan with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
appropriate practices, taking into account the Association's
comments thereon.
   Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall ensure that the UCG,
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, the UCG
Agreement, the Operational Manual and the Quarterly Work
Programs, will, at all times until completion of the Project:
         (i)  conduct the overall planning and monitoring of
              the Project;
         (ii) review and approve the proposals for Subprojects
              prepared and submitted by a MDOD;
        (iii) prepare the reports referred to in Section
              3.05 (b) of this Agreement;
         (iv) oversee the carrying out of Subprojects by the
              Implementing Organizations, in conjunction with
              the respective MDOD;
         (v)  undertake the procurement of goods and works
              (other than goods and works required for
              Subprojects) and consultants' services required
              for the Project;
Page  6
         (vi) administer the withdrawals of the proceeds of the
              Credit and related records, accounts and audits;
              and
        (vii) comply with the obligations set forth in
              Sections 9.03, 9.04. 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
              9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
              insurance, use of goods and services, plans
              and schedules, records and reports,
              maintenance and land acquisition,
              respectively) in respect of the Project.
   (b)   The Borrower shall ensure that the UCG is, at all times
during the execution of the Project, headed by an executive
director assisted by staff in adequate numbers, all with
qualifications, experience, functions and responsibilities
satisfactory to the Association.
   (c)   The Borrower shall ensure that the UCG retains, at all
times until completion of the Project, one or several MDODs
under agreements containing terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association, including the following obligations of such
MDODs:
         (i)  to undertake the identification and appraisal of
              the Subprojects to be submitted for UCG's review
              and approval, in conformity with appropriate
              managerial, financial, administrative,
              engineering and environmental practices;
         (ii) to enter into agreements with Implementing
              Organizations, under terms and conditions
              satisfactory to the Borrower and the Association,
              including appropriate provisions for the MDODs'
              supervision and monitoring of the execution of
              such Subprojects and the processing of related
              payments;
        (iii) to procure the goods and works required for
              the implementation of the Subprojects; and
         (iv) not later than fifteen (15) days after the end of
              each calendar month during the execution of the
              Project, to furnish to the UCG progress reports
              with respect to the implementation of Subprojects
              during such month, all in accordance with the
              Operational Manual and the Quarterly Work
              Programs.
   Section 3.05. The Borrower shall ensure that the UCG:
   (a)   maintains policies and procedures adequate to enable it
to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis, in accordance with
indicators satisfactory to the Association, the carrying out of
the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof; and
   (b)   without limitation or restriction upon the provisions
of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, not later than
January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31, of each year,
during the execution of the Project, furnishes to the
Association, for its review and comments, a report on the
progress achieved in the execution of the Project, with regard
to the preceding quarters ending December 31, March 31, June 30
and September 30, respectively, of such scope and in such
detail as the Association may reasonably request.
   Section 3.06. (a) Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the
Borrower shall cause the UCG:
         (i)  to prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory
              to the Association, not later than November 30
Page  7
              and May 31 of each year of Project
              implementation, a report integrating the results
              of the monitoring and evaluation activities
              performed pursuant to Section 3.05 of this
              Agreement, on the progress achieved in the
              carrying out of the Project during the period
              preceding the date of said report and setting out
              the measures recommended to ensure the efficient
              carrying out of the Project and the achievement
              of the objectives thereof during the subsequent
              period; and
         (ii) to review with the Association, not later than
              December 31 and June 30 of each year until
              completion of the Project, or such later date as
              the Association shall request, the corresponding
              reports referred to in paragraph (a) of this
              Section, and, thereafter, take all measures
              required to ensure the efficient completion of
              the Project and the achievement of the objectives
              thereof, based on the conclusions and
              recommendations of said reports and the
              Association's views on the matter.
   (b)   The report and the review scheduled for not later than
November 30, 1995 and December 31, 1995, respectively, will
include an assessment of the sustainability of Part A of the
Project and of the related investments, and an evaluation of
the Borrower's policy options with respect to employment
generation programs.
   Section 3.07. With regard to Part A (d) of the Project, the
UCG may, from time to time:
   (a)   propose to the Association, for its review and
approval, the financing out of the proceeds of the Credit of
other activities that have a high labor content and positive
impacts on the Borrower's economy, social development and
environment;
   (b)   upon the Association's approval of the respective
proposals, the UCG may undertake, in conjunction with a MDOD,
the identification and appraisal of the corresponding
Subprojects, to be submitted for the Association's approval as
provided in Section 3.08 (a) of this Agreement.
   Section 3.08. (a) Not later than thirty (30) days before the
beginning of each calendar quarter during the execution of the
Project, the Borrower shall ensure that the UCG will:
         (i)  prepare and furnish to the Association a proposed
              quarterly work program, including prospective
              Subprojects, for the implementation of the
              Project during such quarter;
         (ii) afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
              to review such proposal and exchange views with
              the Borrower and the UCG on said program; and
        (iii) thereafter, carry out (and cause the
              corresponding MDODs to carry out) said
              program, as approved by the Association.
   (b)   Not later than one month after the Effective Date, the
Borrower shall ensure that the UCG will:
         (i)  prepare and furnish to the Association a
              Quarterly Work Program including the remaining of
              the current quarter and the subsequent quarter;
         (ii) enter into a MDOD Agreement providing for the
              execution of such Program; and
Page  8
        (iii) contract an environmental assessment
              specialist of experience and qualifications
              satisfactory to the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
   Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause the
UCG to maintain records and separate accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices UCG's
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
   (b)   The Borrower shall or shall cause the UCG to:
         (i)  have the records and accounts referred to in
              paragraph (a) of this Section for each calendar
              quarter audited, in accordance with appropriate
              auditing principles consistently applied, by
              independent auditors acceptable to the
              Association;
         (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
              but in any case not later than two months after
              the end of each such quarter, a certified copy of
              the report of such audit by said auditors, of
              such scope and in such detail as the Association
              shall have reasonably requested; and
        (iii) furnish to the Association such other
              information concerning said records,
              accounts and the audit thereof as the
              Association shall from time to time
              reasonably request.
   Section 4.02.    (a)   The Borrower shall:
         (i)  have the records and accounts for the Special
              Account for each calendar quarter audited, in
              accordance with appropriate auditing principles
              consistently applied, by independent auditors
              acceptable to the Association;
         (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
              but in any case not later than two months after
              the end of each such quarter, a certified copy of
              the report of such audit by said auditors, of
              such scope and in such detail as the Association
              shall have reasonably requested; and
        (iii) furnish to the Association such other
              information concerning said records,
              accounts and the audit thereof as the
              Association shall from time to time
              reasonably request.
   (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
         (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
              with paragraph (a) of Section 4.01, records and
              accounts reflecting such expenditures;
         (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
              Association has received the audit report for the
              quarter in which the last withdrawal from the
              Credit Account or payment out of the Special
              Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
              invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
Page  9
              evidencing such expenditures;
        (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
              examine such records; and
         (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
              included in the quarterly audit referred to in
              paragraph (a) of this Section and that the report
              of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
              auditors as to whether the statements of
              expenditure submitted during such calendar
              quarter, together with the procedures and
              internal controls involved in their preparation,
              can be relied upon to support the related
              withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
   Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause the UCG:
   (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice; and
   (b)   at all times, to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound managerial, financial,
administrative, engineering and environmental practices.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
   Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
   (a)   the Arrete or the Operational Manual or any provision
thereof shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed
or waived so as to affect materially and adversely, in the
opinion of the Association, the ability of the UCG to perform
any of its obligations under the UCG Agreement or under any
MDOD Agreement;
   (b)   the UCG shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the UCG Agreement or any MDOD Agreement;
   (c)   as a result of events which have occurred after the
date of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which
shall make it improbable that the UCG will be able to perform
its obligations under the UCG Agreement or under any MDOD
Agreement; and
   (d)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of the UCG, or for the suspension of its
operations.
   Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
   (a)   any event specified in paragraph (b) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement
shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days after
notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower; and
   (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (d) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
Page  10
                            ARTICLE VII
                          Effective Date
   Section 7.01. The date October 11, 1995 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
   Section 8.01. The Minister of Economy and Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
   Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section
11.01 of the General Conditions:
   For the Borrower:
         Ministry of Economy and Finance
         Palais des Ministeres
         Port-au-Prince
         Haiti
                                     Telex:
                                       20347
                                       FINANCE
   For the Association:
         International Development Association
         1818 H Street, N.W.
         Washington, D.C. 20433
         United States of America
         Cable address:              Telex:
              INDEVAS                  248423 (RCA)
              Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC)
                                        64145 (WUI) or
                                       197688 (TRT)
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in Port-au-
Prince, Republic of Haiti, as of the day and year first above
written.
              REPUBLIC OF HAITI
              By /s/ Smarck Michel
                 /s/ Marie-Michel Rey
                                         Authorized Representatives
              INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
              By /s/ James D. Wolfensohn
                                                          President
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  11
1.       The table below sets forth the Categories of items to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation
of the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the
percentage of expenditures for items so to be financed in each
Category:
                             Amount of the
                                Credit             % of
                               Allocated       Expenditures
                             (Expressed in         to be
         Category           SDR Equivalent)      Financed
(1) Goods and works
    under Subprojects          28,600,000      100%
(2) Works, other                   31,700      100%
    than those required
    for Subprojects
(3) Goods, other                  951,600      100%
    than those required
    for Subprojects
(4) Training                      317,200      100%
(5) Consultants'                  634,400      100%
    Services
(6) Auditing services
    and studies                   507,500      100%
(7) Incremental                   158,600      100%
    Operating
    Costs
(8) Refunding of                  130,100      Amounts due
    Project                                    pursuant to
    Preparation                                Section 2.02 (c)
    Advance                                    of this Agreement
(9) Unallocated                   468,900
         TOTAL                 31,800,000
2.       For the purposes of this Schedule, the term
"Incremental Operating Costs" means expenditures for the
operations of the UCG with regard to the Project, including:
(i) office supplies; (ii) operation and maintenance of office
equipment financed out of the proceeds of the Credit; (iii)
domestic and international travels and per diems of its
management and personnel; and (iv) salaries of incremental
staff.
3.       Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
   (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount
not to exceed SDR 3,180,000, may be made in respect of
Categories (1) through (7) of the table set forth in said
paragraph 1, on account of payments made for expenditures
before that date but after June 1, 1995; and
   (b)   payments made for Subprojects, unless the respective
Subproject has been included in a Quarterly Work Program
approved by the Association.
4. The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for:
Page  12
   (a)   goods or works (other than those for Subprojects) under
contracts not exceeding the equivalent of $100,000 or $150,000,
respectively;
   (b)   services of consulting firms not exceeding the
equivalent of $50,000;
   (c)   services of individual consultants not exceeding the
equivalent of $30,000; and
   (d)   goods and works for Subprojects, under such terms and
conditions as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
   The objectives of the Project are: (a) to create short-term
employment to contribute to the Borrower's program for poverty
alleviation; (b) to rehabilitate deteriorated infrastructure in
the Borrower's territory; and (c) to strengthen the capacity of
non-governmental and community organizations operating in the
territory of the Borrower and the Borrower's central and local
authorities to manage employment-intensive small scale
development projects, including the establishment of a national
non-governmental contract management entity.
   The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:  Employment Generation
Carrying out of high priority small scale development
activities (including the management and supervision thereof),
especially in the areas of:
   (a)   productive infrastructure, including:
         (i)  rehabilitation of roads, culverts and bridges; and
         (ii) rehabilitation of irrigation and drainage canals;
   (b)   environmental protection, including watershed
management, erosion control and soil reclamation;
   (c)   pollution control, including urban solid waste disposal
and clearing of urban waste water ditches; and
   (d)   other activities, as provided by Section 3.07 of this
Agreement.
Part B:  Institutional Development
Provision of technical assistance (including training, studies
and auditing services) aimed at facilitating the implementation
of Part A of the Project and developing the Borrower's longer
term employment and poverty alleviation strategy, including:
   (a)   strengthening non-governmental and community
organizations involved in the implementation of Part A of the
Project, as well as the Borrower's local authorities, by
improving their capacity to identify, prepare, implement and
maintain small scale economic development projects;
   (b)   assessing the experience of previous employment
generation programs, and identifying and strengthening the
institutions required to maintain investments in rural roads,
irrigation and soil conservation; and
Page  13
   (c)   supporting the development and initial implementation
of a longer term strategy to generate employment in
economically depressed areas, including the development of a
national MDOD.
Part C:  Project Management
   Operation of the UCG, including refurbishment of UCG's
offices.
                               * * *
   The Project is expected to be completed by September 30,
1996.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.    Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  General
   Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B:  International Competitive Bidding
   Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
Part C:  Other Procurement Procedures
1. National Competitive Bidding
   The following may be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the
Guidelines:
   (a)   goods (other than goods required for Subprojects)
estimated to cost less than $150,000 equivalent but more than
$50,000 equivalent per contract and $3,000,000 equivalent or
less in the aggregate; and
   (b)   works (other than works required for Subprojects)
estimated to cost less than $1,500,000 equivalent but more than
$150,000 equivalent per contract and $2,000,000 equivalent or
less in the aggregate.
   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part C.1, the Borrower shall use standard bidding
documents acceptable to the Association.
2. Procurement of Small Works
   The following shall be procured under lumpsum, fixed price
contracts awarded on the basis of quotations obtained from
three qualified domestic contractors in response to a written
invitation:
   (a)   works (other than works required for Subprojects)
estimated to cost $150,000 equivalent or less per contract, and
not to exceed $2,000,000 equivalent in the aggregate; and
   (b)   works required for Subprojects (other than the
Subprojects referred to in Part C.4 hereof) estimated to cost
Page  14
$150,000 equivalent or less per contract, and not to exceed
$2,000,000 equivalent in the aggregate.
   The invitation shall include a detailed description of the
works, including basic specifications, the required completion
date, a basic form of agreement acceptable to the Association,
and relevant drawings, where applicable.  The award shall be
made to the contractor who offers the lowest price quotation
for the required work, and who has the experience and resources
to successfully complete the contract.
3. International or National Shopping
   The following may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of international or national shopping procedures in
accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the
Guidelines:
   (a)   goods (other than goods required for Subprojects)
estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per contract and
$3,000,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate; and
   (b)   goods required for Subprojects estimated to cost
$500,000 equivalent or less per contract and $5,000,000
equivalent or less in the aggregate.
4. Direct Contracting
   In the case of Subprojects to be carried out predominantly
in distant or scattered rural areas and where competitive
proposals cannot be obtained, the following may be procured in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.7 of the
Guidelines:
   (a)   goods required for such Subprojects estimated to cost
$50,000 equivalent or less per contract and $2,000,000
equivalent or less in the aggregate; and
   (b)   works required for such Subprojects estimated to cost
$150,000 equivalent or less per contract and $30,000,000
equivalent or less in the aggregate.
Part D:  Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1. Procurement Planning
   Prior to the issuance of any invitations to bid for
contracts, the proposed procurement plan for the Project shall
be furnished to the Association for its review and approval, in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines. Procurement of all goods and works shall be
undertaken in accordance with such procurement plan as shall
have been approved by the Association, and with the provisions
of said paragraph 1.
2. Prior Review
   With respect to: (a) each contract for goods or works
awarded under Part B hereof; and (b) the first two contracts
for goods or works awarded under Part C.1 hereof, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
3. Post Review
   With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2 of
this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
Page  15
1. Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Association. Where no relevant standard contract documents have
been issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the
Association shall be used.
2. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $50,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $30,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms; (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association; (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above; or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $30,000 equivalent or
above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.       For the purposes of this Schedule:
   (a)   the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories (2)
through (7) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule
1 to this Agreement;
   (b)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated from time to time to the Eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
   (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited in the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided, however, that
unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the Authorized
Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent to $500,000
until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from the Credit
Account plus the total amount of all outstanding special
commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to Section
5.02 of the General Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the
equivalent of $300,000.
2.       Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.       After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be made as
follows:
   (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
Page  16
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
   (b)   (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account, the
              Borrower shall furnish to the Association
              requests for deposits into the Special Account at
              such intervals as the Association shall specify.
         (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such request, the              Borrower 
shall furnish to the Association the
              documents and other evidence required pursuant to
              paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
              payments in respect of which replenishment is
              requested.  On the basis of each such request,
              the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
              withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
              the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
              shall have requested and as shall have been shown
              by said documents and other evidence to have been
              paid out of the Special Account for Eligible
              Expenditures.
   All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective Eligible Categories,
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.       For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing that such
payment was made exclusively for Eligible Expenditures.
5.       Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
   (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
   (b)   if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
   (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part
the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
   (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the Eligible Categories for Part B of the Project,
less the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered
into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to Part B of the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the
Eligible Categories for Part B of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Page  17
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.       (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made
for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so eligible
or justified.  Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no
further deposit by the Association into the Special Account
shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or
made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
   (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
   (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
   (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
