Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2295 KE
               (Education Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     Dated September 13, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2295 KE
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 13, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF KENYA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated July
29, 1991, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's education sector (hereinafter called the Program),
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports and services required during such execution;
and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided, in support of the Program, to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in three tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and
      furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in such
      detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on the
      execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to the
      Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower
      and the Association of their respective obligations under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Clas-
sification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "CHE" means the Commission for Higher Education
established pursuant to the Universities Act, 1985, Chapter 210B of
the Borrower's Laws;
      (d)   "KSh." means the Kenya Shilling, the currency of the
Borrower; and
      (e)   "TSC" means Teachers Service Commission.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to seventy-
five million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 75,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Associa-
tion, including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1994, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a)
Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15
commencing September 15, 2001, and ending March 15, 2031. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 15,
2011, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
Page  4
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The Central Bank of Kenya is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   With
out limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts the Central Bank with responsibility for
the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for
the collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished
to the Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
$25,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Without limitation to or restriction upon its
other reporting requirements under the General Conditions or this
Agreement the Borrower shall, with effect from March 1, 1992, until
completion of the Project, submit to the Association for review
semi-annual progress reports not later than March 1 and September 1
of each year. Said progress reports shall cover, inter alia: (a)
recurrent and development budget allocations and actual expenditures
for the education sector; (b) number of teachers on the primary and
secondary payroll, including number of untrained teachers (primary
and secondary) and non-teaching staff on the secondary payroll,
teacher deployment patterns and trends in pupil-teacher ratios; (c)
public university admissions by major subject area, by gender and,
wherever possible, by socio-economic background; (d) progress with
CHE assuming effective responsibility for the public universities;
(e) reformed cost-sharing arrangements including experience with the
scholarship fund and with the student loan recovery; and (f) pro-
gress with the three studies detailed in the policy matrix, being
undertaken by the Borrower, including progress on the implementation
of the action plans recommended by said studies.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
Page  5
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                   the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                   such scope and in such detail as the Association
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records and accounts and
                   the audit thereof as the Association shall from
                   time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accor-
                   dance with paragraph (a) of this Section, re-
                   cords and accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Asso-
                   ciation has received the audit report for the
                   fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                   the Credit Account was made, all records (con-
                   tracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
                   other documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are in-
                   cluded in the annual audits referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal con-
                   trols involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                            Termination
      Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister at the time responsible for Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30007
Page  6
            Nairobi, Kenya
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   FINANCE                   22921
                   Nairobi                   MINFIN-KE
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHERE
OF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF KENYA
                         By /s/ D. D. Afande
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
Page  7
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and
                                  semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors, and
                                  parts thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower,
excluding, if the currency of the Borrower is also that of another
country, expenditures in such currency for goods or services
supplied from the territory of such other country;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 10,000,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after June
1, 1991,;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount equivalent
to SDR 15,200,000 for petroleum products and foodstuffs.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost less than $500,000 may be permitted
by the Association upon the basis of statements of expenditure under
such terms and conditions as the Association shall specify.
4.    (a)   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be
entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in
respect of expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn
from the Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments
shall have reached the equivalent of SDR 25,900,000, unless the
Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence
satisfactory to the Association: (i) with the progress achieved by
the Borrower in the carrying out of the Program; (ii) that the
macro-economic framework of the Borrower is consistent with the
objectives of the Program; and (iii) that the actions described in
Schedule 3 (A) to this Agreement have been taken.
      (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 4 (a) above
no withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered into
Page  8
to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 50,900,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (i) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; (ii) that the macro-economic framework
of the Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program;
and (iii) that the actions described in Schedule 3 (B) to this
Agreement have been taken.
5.    If, after any of the exchanges of views described in paragraph
4 above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower
that the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory
and, within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Forum, Business Edition; or
            (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international circula-
                   tion; or
            (iii)  a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                   quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are del
eted.
2.    (a)   Contracts for procurement of goods by the Borrower or
public sector entities estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$2,000,000 each may be awarded on the basis of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from at least
Page  9
three different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
      (b)   Contracts for the procurement of goods by private sector
entities estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $2,000,000
each may be awarded, to the extent practicable, on the basis of
price quotations solicited from a list of at least two suppliers
from at least two different countries eligible under the Guidelines,
or on the basis of the normal procurement procedures of the pur-
chasers of such goods.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Account, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, the documentation and the informa-
tion to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the provisions
of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
5.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 4 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
A.    Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (a) of Schedule 1 to this
      Agreement
(1)   The Borrower has: (a) made provision for the education sector
in its 1992/93 Budget Estimates of actual recurrent and development
budgets, including specific budgetary allocations for primary school
textbooks, CHE, institutional strengthening in the Ministry of
Education and the proposed Universities Investment Project, at
levels acceptable to the Association; (b) furnished to the Associa-
tion evidence, satisfactory to the Association, that provisional
actual recurrent and development budget outcomes for 1991/92 for the
education sector were at levels satisfactory to the Association; and
(c) updated its education sector investment plan, satisfactory to
the Association.
(2)   The Borrower has furnished to the Association evidence,
satisfactory to the Association that:
      (a)   (i) new admissions to Primary Teacher Colleges in 1992
have not exceeded 8,000 and include at least 3,000 experienced
untrained teachers and no more than 5,000 school leavers, and
(ii) the number of teachers on the TSC primary payroll has not
exceeded 175,000 of which no more than 36,000 are untrained
teachers;
      (b)   the number of teachers on the TSC secondary payroll has
not exceeded 33,000 and the number of non-teaching staff on the
payroll remains at no more than 4,600;
Page  10
      (c)   admission to public universities for academic year
1992/93 has not exceeded 10,300 new under-graduates;
      (d)   implementation has commenced of a plan, acceptable to
the Association for restructuring CHE to enable it to handle
effectively the planning, programming, budgeting and financing of
public universities, such plan to include organization, staffing,
budget and work program; and
      (e)   (i) for academic year 1992/93 each new and returning
student of public universities has paid a minimum direct charge of
KSh. 6,000, (ii) no more than 20% of students of public universities
have received financial support to assist in meeting this charge,
and (iii) the student loan has been capped at KSh. 21,500 for each
student, of which KSh 3,500 has been allocated for books and no more
than KSh. 2,500 has been made available for personal expenses.
(3)    The Borrower has: (a) completed a review of mechanisms to
improve the student loan scheme and is implementing a plan of action
to improve the recovery rate of student loans, acceptable to the
Association; and (b) submitted to the Association a report on the
impact of the direct charge on the enrollment into the universities
of economically disadvantaged groups and women.
B.    Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b) of Schedule 1 to this
      Agreement
(1)   The Borrower has: (a) made provision for the education sector
in its 1993/94 Budget Estimates of actual recurrent and development
budgets, including specific budgetary allocations for primary school
textbooks, CHE, institutional strengthening in the Ministry of
Education and the proposed Universities Investment Project, at
levels acceptable to the Association; (b) furnished to the Associa-
tion evidence, satisfactory to the Association, that provisional
actual recurrent and development budget outcomes for 1992/93, for
the education sector were at levels satisfactory to the Associaton;
and (c) updated its education sector investment plan, satisfactory
to the Association.
(2)   The Borrower has furnished to the Association evidence,
satisfactory to the Association that:
      (a)   (i) new admissions to Primary Teacher Colleges in 1993
have not exceeded 8,000 and include at least 3,000 experienced
untrained teachers and no more than 5,000 school leavers, and
(ii) the number of teachers on the TSC primary payroll has not
exceeded 175,000 of which no more than 33,500 are untrained
teachers;
      (b)   the Borrower has carried out an evaluation of the
primary school textbooks financing scheme;
      (c)   the number of teachers on the TSC secondary payroll has
not exceeded 34,000 and the number of non-teaching staff on the
payroll remains at no more than 4,600;
      (d)   admissions to public universities for academic year
1993/94 have not exceeded 10,600 new under-graduates;
      (e)   (i) CHE is effectively overseeing the planning,
programming, budgeting and financing of public universities, and is
handling grants from the public sector to universities as well as
donor assistance, and (ii) financing and investment plan for the
public universities acceptable to the Association, has been
prepared.
      (f)   (i) for academic year 1993/94 each new and returning
student of public universities has paid a minimum direct charge of
KSh. 6,000, (ii) no more than 20% of students of public universities
have received financial support to assist in meeting this charge,
and (iii) the student loan has been capped at KSh. 21,500 for each
student.
Page  11
(3)   The Borrower has carried out an evaluation of the measures to
improve the rate of student loan recovery and has submitted to the
Association for review proposals for improving student loan
recovery.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required during
the execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement; and
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $10,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pursu-
                   ant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which reple-
                   nishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
Page  12
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Program, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible expendi-
tures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to para-
graph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including
the General Conditions.
