Report No. PIC774
Project Name                Jamaica-Public Sector Modernization Project (+)
Region                        Latin America and Caribbean
Sector                        Public Sector Management/Adjustment
Project ID                    JMPA7490
Borrower                      Jamaica
Beneficiary                   Central Government Ministries, Departments,
Agencies and Statutory Bodies.
Implementing Agency           Cabinet Secretariat, Office of the Prime
Minister in coordination with the Ministry
of Finance and Planning, Ministry of
Environment and Housing, Ministry of Local
Government and Works, National Investment Bank
of Jamaica, the Contractor General, the Auditor
General and targeted government agencies.
Financing Plan                IBRD:                       US$ 28.4 million
Government of Jamaica:      US$ 25.5 million
UK ODA                      US$ 3.0  million
Total Project Cost          US$ 56.9 million
Appraisal Date                October , 1995
Date of Board Presentation    July 29, 1996
Date of Effectiveness         April 7, 1997
Date of PID                   April 16, 1997
Background.
1. Macro-Economic Environment: Jamaica is an island country in the
Caribbean, with a total area of approximately 11,000 square
kilometers and a strong natural resource base. The economy is
highly sensitive to international price and demand changes,
primarily due to the nature of its productive base and its
dependence on imported oil for commercial energy consumption.
Jamaica's principal economic activities are tourism, manufacturing,
bauxite/alumina mining and, in employment terms, agriculture. It
has a population of about 2.5 million people, with about 55t living
in urban areas. The labor force is reasonably well-educated and
skilled. 1994 per capita income of US$ 1,420 places Jamaica in the
group of lower-middle income countries.
2. In the decade following independence in 1962, Jamaica enjoyed
strong GDP growth, averaging about 5t per annum. However, from 1973
through the mid-1980s, the economy experienced sustained
contraction as a result of external shocks and domestic policies.
Increase in oil prices; the impact of recession in the
industrialized countries on the price of sugar and alumina, the
country's major exports; and high international interest rates had
a negative impact on the economy. At the same time, the government



started a process of expansion of the role of the state in national
life. This process resulted in a bloated and inefficient public
sector. The overall result was a systematic erosion of private
sector confidence, a reduction in investment, and a continuous
outflow of capital and human resources.
3. In the second half of the 1980s, an effort to stem the decline
resulted in stabilization programs and a progressive adoption of
market-oriented policy reforms. These efforts yielded some positive
results, with average GDP growth being 3.9% per annum for the
period 1986-91. In the 1990s, and particularly in the past two
years, the Government accelerated the implementation of the reform
agenda. The main objectives were to lower inflation, enhance
international competitiveness, improve public finances, maintain
adequate level of international reserves and increase per capita
income. The reform program has been supported by multi-lateral
institutions, including the IBRD, and the Paris Club. By mid-1995,
the government had achieved significant results. A budget surplus
was maintained for four consecutive years and Bank of Jamaica
losses were reduced. The foreign exchange regime was liberalized.
Inflation declined to 1% per month. Import tariffs were brought
with in a range of 5-35% and most trade monopolies and quantitative
restrictions were eliminated. Reforms in tax policy and
administration were initiated. The privatization program was
stepped up. The external current account balance moved from a
deficit of 5% of GDP at the end of 1992 to a near balance by end-
1994. Private transfers and capital inflows more than tripled
during the last two years and now amount to 10% of GDP. While
external debt remains high at 115% of GDP, debt rescheduling
reduced debt service to more manageable levels.
4. Despite these positive achievements, the macro-economic
environment continues to be fragile, as events since July 1995
indicate. High inflation has returned, international reserves have
been drawn down to stabilize the depreciating Jamaican Dollar,
large wage awards to public servants and support to troubled
financial firms have caused the budget surplus to dwindle and
external imbalances have widened due a jump in consumer imports,
high interest rates and a weak financial sector. GDP growth in the
period 1991-95 has remained low at 1% per annum.
5. Structure of the Public Sector: The Government of Jamaica (GOJ)
is constituted on the basis of a written Constitution, adopted in
1962. Its structure closely follows the Westminster model. The
Queen is the Sovereign, represented by the Governor General. The
Legislative Branch consists of the Senate and the House of
Representatives. The Judicial Branch consists of the Privy Council,
the Court of Appeals, the Supreme Court, the Resident Magistrate
Courts, the Family Court and the Revenue Court. The Executive
Branch is led by the Prime Minister who is elected by the majority
party in the House of Representatives. The Prime Minister appoints
Cabinet Ministers, who head ministries dealing with specific
portfolios. In some ministries, Ministers of State are also
appointed to assist the Cabinet Ministers. At the central level in
each ministry are various divisions responsible for policy
-2 -



formulation, monitoring of implementation, establishment of
standards and norms, and performance of corporate functions. Each
ministry has a number of operational Departments and Agencies that
implement sectoral policies. In addition, it may have Statutory
Bodies and Public Companies associated with it.. In the thirty
three years since independence, the scope and size of the Executive
Branch has grown substantially. At present, besides the Office of
the Prime Minister, there are 12 ministries, 31 departments and
agencies and more than 300 statutory bodies and public companies.
Under the Constitution, certain autonomous bodies have also been
created, notably the Auditor General and the Office of the Services
Commission.
6. Composition of the Public Service: The public service has about
78,000 posts on the central government establishment. The regular
civil service consists of about 38,000 employees. In addition,
21,700 teachers, 6,800 health services workers and 11,200 security
personnel, policemen and fire fighters, though not belonging to the
civil service, are a part of the central establishment. There are
an estimated 35,000 to 40,000 posts in statutory bodies and public
companies. In general, employees of these entities are paid more
than employees on the central establishment, but enjoy lesser
security of tenure. The public sector accounted for 14t of jobs in
the 1980s and, even after subsequent downsizing, it represents 7t
of jobs in the economy. Expenditure on personnel is the
government's largest single recurrent cost item after interest
payments. In absolute terms it amounted to J$3.406 billion in
1994/95 (see 1/) , or 54t of non-interest expenditures (see 2/)
7. Current Performance of the Public Sector: In spite of its
numerous agencies and employees, the performance of the public
sector is inadequate in many critical areas. The general level of
efficiency and effectiveness of public entities is very low. The
quality of service to the public is poor and is characterized by
cumbersome procedures, long delays and indifference to public
convenience. Public enterprises engaged in commercial ventures are,
with a few exceptions, unprofitable, badly managed and
uncompetitive. They are also a recurrent fiscal burden on the
exchequer. The important factors affecting public sector
performance are the following:
-- Scope of the public sector: Starting with the 1970's, the scope
of the public sector expanded to encompass a number of economic and
commercial activities in which it had no comparative advantage, on
the one hand, and lacked the requisite skills and incentives, on
the other. This has led to low efficiency and productivity..
Although, significant privatization has taken place, since the
1980's, public sector involvement in productive activities still
continues in many areas.
-- Size of the Pubic Sector: For a small population of 2.5 million,
there are too many public entities. This has led to weakening of
monitoring and accountability, duplication of functions,
overlapping authority and difficulties in inter-ministerial and
inter-agency coordination.
-- Bureaucratic Culture: The public sector displays typical
-3 -



bureaucratic characteristics. Public entities are governed by rigid
rules of business, which take precedence over achievement of
organizational objectives. This reduces responsiveness to emerging
situations and discourages innovation. Decision-making is
hierarchical. Superiors are, generally, reluctant to delegate
authority, while juniors hesitate to use even the limited powers
they enjoy for fear of being penalized for mistakes. Most
decisions, therefore, get pushed upwards causing delays. Although a
beginning has been made to shift organizational emphasis from
inputs to outputs and outcomes through Corporate Planning and
Program Budgeting, as yet, managements of public entities are not
strictly held responsible for achieving pre-determined performance
targets. The security of tenure enjoyed by civil servants shields
them from the worst consequences of poor performance. It also
limits managers' ability to enforce high productivity standards.
Most bureaucrats regard themselves as policy makers, controllers or
regulators, rather than facilitators. Public service orientation in
day to day functioning is minimal.
-- Human Resource Deficiencies: The overall quality of human
resources in the public sector is inadequate. There is a wide gap
between wages in the public and the private, especially, at
managerial and technical levels. This makes it extremely difficult
for GOJ to recruit and retain well qualified employees. Barring a
few high caliber people who remain in the public sector, either due
to a personal affinity for public service, or promising career
prospects based upon their individual circumstances, for the most
part the public service is made up of persons who are content to
settle down in a rut - following rules, producing a little above
the minimum expected and, generally, staying out of trouble. There
is a dearth of inspiring leaders and creative problem-solvers.
Inadequate remuneration has also resulted in a large number of
vacant posts, especially, at the key and critical level..
Consequently, tasks either do not get done at all, or they are done
by unqualified or over-burdened individuals who cannot do justice
to them. GOJ has been attempting to bridge the skill gap in the
public sector through its training institutions, such as the
Management Institute of National Development (MIND). These
institutions, however, face severe constraints. Curricula of many
courses are old and inappropriate for the situations being faced by
public servants in the field. Teaching faculty is limited and not
fully trained. Training facilities are inadequate. The deficiencies
in human resources adversely impact on the organizational
performance of almost all public entities.
-- Antiquated Business Processes: Most of the current business
processes were established decades ago and continue unchanged, in
spite of major changes in the external environment and the role of
the public sector. Many of these that could be conveniently
completed in one step or location are fragmented between different
organizations and between different sections in a given
organization. This requires multiple hand-offs, from one official
or organization to another, which serve to introduce major delays
without adding much value. Also, many processes involve duplicate
or infructuous work and avoidable references to higher authorities.
Operations in most departments are still pre-dominantly manual and
create an environment where officials have the discretion and
- 4 -



ability to delay and, therefore, to extract rents. In effect,
prevailing business processes increase administrative costs for the
public sector and transactions costs for the private sector. In
addition, they lead to avoidable harassment of the public.
-- Inadequate Physical Infrastructure: The physical infrastructure
in many public sector entities fails to provide a motivating work
environment. Many buildings are old and congested and lack
facilities for employees. In agencies which are custodians of
important records, record-keeping facilities are rudimentary. This
affects the security of documents as well as their retrieval. In
many departments their is a dearth of operational equipment, such
as communication systems for customs agents at the airport or
vehicles for agencies involved in field work. Physical resource
deficiencies lower the overall level of public sector performance.
-- Weak Procurement and Contracting Systems: Government procurement
and contracting sufffer from various deficiencies. There is no
central body designated to coordinate policies and regulations
regarding procurement of goods, services and works and to monitor
their implementation. Although the Ministry of Finance has some
constitutional responsibility with regard to the procurement of
goods, it does not have requiste professional resources for the
purpose. Also it lacks a mandate to intervene in contracting for
works and services. Most entities have failed to establish
procurement units and "Procurement Committees" staffed by qualified
professionals. Current procurement and contracting policies and
procedures are outdated, confusing and, frequently, misunderstood.
This leads to inconsistency in interpretation and application.
Financial thresholds for decision-making at operational levels are
very low. This results in delays due to multi-layered reviews and
approvals. It also encourages frequent contract fragmentation
designed to avoid competitive bidding and reviews by higher
authorities. Many public entities lack expertise in preparing
bidding documents, developing accurate specifications, conducting
bid evaluations and contract negotiations. There is no central
database of performance of different contractors and suppliers.
Consequently, in awarding contracts, due weightage is not given to
their past performance. There are also serious deficiencies in
contract management as a result of which a large number of projects
face cost-overruns and execution delays, inviting public criticism.
Inventory storage and management also suffer from major
deficiencies. On account of these shortcomings government does not
get the best value for the huge expenditures incurred annually on
procurement of goods and services and on civil works.
-- Weak Control Systems: Weaknesses in procurement and contracting
are accentuated by inadequate internal controls systems. The
internal audit function in different entities is also, generally,
weak. Consequently, internal auditors are unable to flag errors,
omissions or malpractices in an effective and timely manner.
Deficiencies in internal control systems lead to low accountability
and, in some instances, corruption. External auditing is the
constitutional responsibility of the Auditor General. However, even
though various entities are progressively moving towards
computerized accounts, the office of the Auditor General lacks the
expertise to audit such accounts.
-5-



8. GOJ's Policy For Public Sector Modernization: The government
recognizes that the continuing weaknesses of the public sector will
offset the benefits of economic reforms. Also, public sector
inefficiencies will hinder the development of the private sector,
which is necessary for enhancing growth prospects. For it to play
an effective role in the new environment, the nature and
orientation of the public sector needs to change significantly. It
needs to focus on its core competencies and become more performance
oriented, cost-effective and accountable. The essential elements of
GOJ's policy for public sector modernization are: (a) improving
quality of service provided by essential government agencies to
internal and external clients; (b) enhancing the efficiency and
effectiveness of central government ministries; (c) rationalizing
the size and scope of the public sector by privatizing entities and
contracting out services; (d) enhancing transparency and
accountability in government procurement, contracting and financial
management; (f) improving tax administration; (e) creating an
effective regulatory environment that would encourage orderly
private sector development; and (g) strengthening local government.
9. Project Objectives. The project aims to support GOJ's efforts to
(i) improve quality of service provided by public agencies; (ii)
improve the ability of ministries to (a) formulate sound sector
policies, technical standards and operational norms, (b)
effectively monitor and evaluate downstream agencies to ensure that
desired policy objectives are achieved, and (c) efficiently perform
corporate management functions; (iii) continue the rationalization
of the public sector through (a) privatization of water supply and
sewerage and (b) privatization or contracting out of facilities and
services; (iv) improve efficiency, value for money and transparency
in government procurement and contracting; (v) enhance public
sector accountability by strengthening internal and external
controls; (vi) improve the quality of financial and personnel
management in the public sector through computerized information
systems. Reforms in tax administration are being supported by a
separate project. Those in the regulatory framework and local
government will be addressed by separate IBRD projects namely
Regulatory Reform and Private Investment Finance Facility and
Parish Infrastructure Project.
10. Project Description. The project will consist of five
components. (i) The Modernization of Pubic Sector Entities
component will assist in (a) converting eleven to thirteen
operational entities into 'Executive Agencies'; and (b) modernizing
the central divisions, dealing with policy formulation;
establishment of technical standards; monitoring; coordination; and
corporate management, of two to three ministries. These entities
will be granted greater autonomy in return for strict
accountability for pre-determined performance targets. They will
also be provided with resources to modernize their operations. (ii)
The Privatization component will finance engagements of consultants
for (a) determination of different options available for private
sector participation in the water and sewerage sector and the
implementation of the selected option; (b) technical assistance for
the privatization/contracting out of 30-35 facilities and services;
- 6-



and (c) institutional strengthening of the National Investment Bank
of Jamaica (NIBJ), the lead agency for privatization. (iii) The
Government Procurement, Contracting, Internal Control and Auditing
component will provide assistance to the Procurement Policy
Implementation Unit, MOFP; Office of the Contractor General;
Procurement/Contracting Units and Committees in different
ministries; the Internal Audit Directorate, MOFP; and the Office of
the Auditor General. (iv) The Management Information Systems
component will complement the ongoing Financial and Program
Management Improvement Project by providing additional funding for
software development, acquisition of hardware and training for the
Financial Management Information System (FMIS) and Human Resource
Management Information System (HRMIS). (v) Project Implementation,
Communication Campaign and Development of Stage II component will
provide consultant services, goods and training for project
implementation; carrying out of an effective communication campaign
to facilitate project execution; and development of the next stage
of the public sector modernization process.
11. Project Cost and Financing. A PHRD Grant for Yen 61.5 million is
being used for project preparation. The total cost of the project
is estimated at US$ 56.9 million. This would include an IBRD loan
of US$ 28.4 million, repayable over seventeen years, including a
five year grace period, at the Bank's standard variable interest
rate. Parallel financing of UK Pounds 2.0 million (about US $3.0
million) will be provided by the UK ODA. The European Union is also
expected to provide parallel grant financing of US$ 3-5 million.
However, the exact nature and amount of its assistance is yet to be
finalized. As such, potential EU financing has been included in
GOJ's share of project costs which amounts to US$ 25.5 million.
Retroactive financing of US$ 2.0 million will be provided to meet
expenditures incurred between January 1, 1996 and project
effectiveness.
12. Project Implementation. The Cabinet Secretary, Office of the
Prime Minister, will be the executing agency for this project. The
Inter-Ministerial Committee for Administrative Reform (IMCAR) (see 3/)
chaired by the Prime Minister, will provide high level support and
policy direction. A Management Committee (see 4/) , headed by the Cabinet
Secretary, will oversee project implementation at the operational
level. Since the Project involves a number of GOJ agencies,
extensive inter-institutional coordination will be needed. This
would be achieved through the Project Coordination Unit (PCU),
reporting to the Cabinet Secretary, which has already been
established. Besides the Project Director, the PCU staff will
include an International Coordinator and four Agency coordinators
to facilitate the modernization of the selected entities;
specialists in privatization, procurement, information technology
and communications; a Finance and Accounting Manager and support
staff. The Privatization component will be executed through the
NIBJ and the Management Information Systems component through the
Government Administrative Reforms Program which is implementing the
FPMIP. For effective project implementation, modernization of pilot
entities and privatization of facilities and services will be
staggered. This will keep the implementation burden within limits
-7 -



and allow learning from experience. Key project activities and
performance indicators have been defined and an implementation
schedule specified. An Annual Action Plan will be prepared by the
PCU for effective management of the project. Progress will be
monitored through semi-annual progress reports, at least two Bank
supervision missions per year, joint annual reviews and a mid-term
review. An Operational Manual containing guidelines on various
facets of project management has been prepared for use by the PCU.
13. Project Sustainability.      The modernization of operational
agencies and central divisions of ministries will be based on an
integrated approach that will seek to address inter-related
organizational deficiencies in a comprehensive manner. It is
expected that the project would bring about lasting changes in the
way these entities do business. In the long-run, by modernizing the
management practices and working environments of the targeted
entities, the project will help create a motivated group of public
servants who will have a vested interest in preserving and building
on the improvements made through the project. Also, the enhancement
in quality of public service will create an external demand for
maintaining and increasing efficiency levels, besides consolidating
political support for the reforms. The project will not impose a
major recurrent fiscal burden as enhancement in compensation levels
will, essentially, be self-financed by the targeted entities
through savings resulting from rightsizing and improved
performance. Privatization will help rid the public sector of
activities that it cannot perform efficiently. It will also reduce
the fiscal drain caused by inefficient enterprises and enable
government to support continuing reforms in the smaller public
sector. The strengthening of procurement, contracting, internal
control and auditing will bring about long-term improvements in
transparency and accountability. The extension of the FMIS and
HRMIS will lead to durable improvements in financial and personnel
management by providing up-to-date information in these areas to
public sector managers. The phased approach to public sector
modernization being adopted by the project will keep change within
the absorptive limits of the public sector, thus, facilitating its
acceptance and internalization.
14. Project Benefits.    Conversion of public entities into performance
oriented executive agencies, operating with greater autonomy and a
modern resource base, will significantly improve quality of
services provided to the public and internal clients. Strengthening
the central divisions in ministries will improve the quality of
public policies and enhance government control over their
implementations. The experience gained in the pilot agencies
targeted by the project, will set the stage for modernizing the
rest of the public sector. Privatization of activities that can be
better performed by the private sector will increase competition
and benefit consumers, enable the public sector to focus on its
core functions and reduce the fiscal cost of financing losses of
inefficient public enterprises. Strengthening of procurement and
contracting will ensure that government receives value for money
for the huge annual outlays on goods, works and services. Improving
internal control and auditing will enhance accountability and
- 8 -



transparency in public financial management and ensure that
delegated financial powers are exercised properly. Finally, the
extension of the FMIS and HRMIS will improve efficiency in
financial and personnel management in the public sector as a whole.
15. Project Risks.       Major risks are: waning of political
commitment to the project; the unwillingness of the government to
grant adequate autonomy to the executive agencies, the lack of
dynamic and inspiring leaders in the targeted agencies, and the
mismanagement of the complex organizational change process. The
project is being designed to achieve observable improvements in
some of the targeted public services within a short time period.
Such early successes would demonstrate the feasibility and benefits
of the strategy adopted by the project, thus, firming up government
commitment. External factors, such as the growing public demand for
improved public services and the need for an efficient public
sector to facilitate private sector growth, would also keep the
government committed to public sector modernization. Discussions
with GOJ have indicated that the government is keen on creating
executive agencies and would be willing to bring in effective
leaders and grant them the requisite autonomy to produce results.
To further reduce the related risk, disbursements for the executive
agencies and ministries would be linked to the execution of
Framework Documents that will, inter alia, specify the performance
expectations from the targeted agencies as well as the extent of
autonomy to be granted to them. Appropriate remedies will also be
incorporated in the Loan Agreement to guard against unwarranted
withdrawal of autonomy granted to the entities covered by the
project. A strong PCU, working closely with the agencies involved
in the project, will ensure that the organizational changes in the
ministries and executive agencies are managed effectively.
16. Environmental Assessment.    This project has been classified as
category "B" in recognition of potential environmental effects of
privatization activities. For the facilities and services already
identified for privatization, a preliminary environmental
evaluation has already been carried out. One facility, Food Storage
Infestation (FSI), located at Kingston and Montego Bay airports and
used for quarantine of food for export, has been identified as
being possibly associated with some environmental issues. An
environmental audit of the FSI will be conducted prior to its
privatization and suitable remedial actions will be taken to
mitigate adverse environmental impacts, if any. Environmental Audit
Guidelines have been developed. These specify the required
environmental actions to be followed, during project
implementation, for additional facilities that might be selected
for privatization under this project.
17. Project Objective Categories. Public Sector Modernization (PB).
18. Poverty Category. The project does not have a direct poverty
reduction objective.
1/ Source: Project Preparation Unit, Cabinet Secretariat, GOJ
- 9-



2/ Source: Jamaica Public Expenditure Review, Vol. 1, page 7. June 1995
3/ The members of the IMCAR are: the Prime Minister (Chairman), Minster of
Finance, Minster of State - Ministry of Finance, Minister of Health,
Minister Without Portfolio (Office of the Prime Minister); Cabinet
Secretary, Financial Secretary, Permanent Secretary- OPM, Director General,
ERD and Project Director, PSMP.
4/ The Management Committee consists of the Cabinet Secretary; Financial
Secretary/Representative MOFP; Director General, ERD: Executive Director,
ARP; Finance and computerization specialists from the FPMIP; Project
Director, Senior Project Officer and Finance and Accounting Manager, PSMP:
and a representative of the private sector.
Contact Point:           Public Information Center
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending April 25, 1997.
- 10 -



Annex
ENVIRONMENT
This project has been classified as category "B" in
recognition of potential environmental effects of privatization
activities. For the facilities and services already identified, a
preliminary environmental evaluation has been carried out. One
facility, Food Storage Infestation (FSI), located at Kingston and
Montego Bay airports and used for quarantine of food for export,
has been identified as being possibly associated with some
environmental issues. An environmental audit of the FSI will be
conducted prior to its privatization and suitable remedial actions
will be taken to mitigate adverse environmental impacts.
Environmental Audit Guidelines have been developed and included in
the Operational Manual of the project. These will be followed
during project implementation for additional entities selected for
privatization, whose activities, in the opinion of the Bank, may
have a negative environmental impact.



