Page  1
                                        LOAN NUMBER 3166 POL
                  Guarantee Agreement
        (Industrial Export Development ProJect)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated February 22, 1990
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT,  dated February 22,  1990,  between
REPUBLIC OF POLAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A)  the Guarantor and the National Bank
of Poland (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreements have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower,  the Bank has agreed
to extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred sixty million dollars
($260,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such
other obligations as     provided in this Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS  the Guarantor,  in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations
of the Borrower and to undertake such other
obligations;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable
to Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise
requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in
Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
Page  2
                      ARTICLE II
                      Guarantee;
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this
end, without limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not
as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  Without limitation or restriction
upon the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement,
the Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there
is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available
to the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the
Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed
to meet such expenditures.
                      ARTICLE III
          Execution of Part B of the Project
     Section 3.01.  The Guarantor shall carry out and
cause to be carried out Part B of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate practices, and shall provide or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the purpose.
     Section 3.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants'
services required for Part B of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall duly perform all
its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor
shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provisions
thereof.
     Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08  of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services,  plans and
schedules,  records and reports and maintenance,
respectively) in respect of Part B of the Project.
                      ARTICLE IV
                    Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations,  resources and expenditures in respect
of Part B of the Project of the departments, agencies
and institutes of the Guarantor responsible for the
carrying out thereof.
Page  3
     (b)  the Guarantor shall:
     (i)  have the records and accounts referred to in
          paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
          year audited, in    accordance with
          appropriate auditing principles consistently
          applied, by independent auditors acceptable
          to the Bank;
     (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
          in any case not later than six months after
          the end of each     such year:  (A) certified
          copies of said accounts for such year as so
          audited; and (B) the report of such     audit
          by said auditors, of such scope and in such
          detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
          requested; and
    (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other
           information concerning said records and
           accounts and the audit thereof as the
           Bank shall time to time reasonably
           request.
                       ARTICLE V
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
     Ministry of Finance
     00-901, Warszawa
     ul. Swietokrzyska 12
     Republic of Poland
     Cable address:           Telex:
          MINF                     814386 PL
          Poland
     For the Bank
     International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
     Cable address:           Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT),
          Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in Warsaw, Republic of Poland, as of the day and
year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF POLAND
Page  4
                    By /s/ L. Balceroquicz
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Barber B. Conable
                                              President
