Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3309 ME
                       (Export Sector Loan)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
            BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR, S.N.C.
                         Dated May 2, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3309 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 2, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE
COMERCIO EXTERIOR, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received a letter dated October 18,
1990, from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives
and policies designed to achieve the Borrower's medium-term
transition towards becoming a more efficient financial institution
in a market-oriented environment (hereinafter called the Program)
and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Program;
      (B)   the United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the
Borrower having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority of
the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement have requested
the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Inter-American
Development Bank (IDB) a loan in an amount equivalent to
Page  2
approximately two hundred and fifty million dollars ($250,000,000)
to assist in the financing of Part A of the Project on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and IDB;
      (D)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications thereof set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   Section 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
                   "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose among the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Bank,
            the Borrower shall prepare and furnish to the Bank a
            report, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
            shall reasonably request, on the execution of the
            Project and the Program referred to in the Preamble to
            the Loan Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and
            the Bank of their respective obligations under the Loan
            Agreement and the accomplishment of the purposes of the
            Loan.".
      (c)   The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make
withdrawals with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such
notice, such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the
end of Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted
therefor:
                   "or (f) by the date specified in paragraph 3 (c)
            of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement, the Bank shall, in
            respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no
            applications or requests under subparagraph (a) or (b)
            of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such
            applications or requests, then the Bank may, by notice
            to the Borrower and the Guarantor, terminate the right
            of the Borrower to submit such appli- cations or
            requests or to make withdrawals from the Loan Account,
            as the case may be, with respect to such amount or
            portion of the Loan. Upon the giving of such notice,
            such amount or portion of the Loan shall be cancelled."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "COI Scheme" means the scheme whereby the Borrower pays
commissions to commercial banks in exchange for having such
commercial banks use their foreign currency funds to provide export
financing (including Subloans) at an interest rate equal to that
applied to Subloans;
Page  3
      (b)   "Financial Intermediary" means a commercial bank
regulated by the Ley de Instituciones de Credito of the Guarantor,
dated July 14, 1990 and published in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial
on July 18, 1990, as amended to the date of this Agreement, or any
other financial intermediary acceptable to the Bank;
      (c)   "Intermediary Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by the Borrower out of the proceeds of the Loan to a Financial
Intermediary under the applicable Intermediary Loan Agreement;
      (d)   "Intermediary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and a Financial Intermediary
providing for a Intermediary Loan;
      (e)   "Reglas de Operacion" means the Borrower's regulations
setting forth the terms, conditions and procedures applicable for
on-lending the proceeds of the Loan to Financial Intermediaries and
Sub-borrowers;
      (f)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
      (g)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (h)   "Statutes" means the Ley Organica del Banco Nacional de
Comercio Exterior of the Guarantor, dated December 19, 1985 and
published in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial on January 20, 1986, as
amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (i)   "Sub-borrower" means an enterprise, involved in export
or export-related activities, to which the Borrower or a Financial
Intermediary proposes to make or has made a Subloan;
      (j)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by
the Borrower or a Financial Intermediary directly out of the
proceeds of the Loan, under Part B of the Project, to a Sub-borrower
for a Subproject;
      (k)   "Subloan Agreement" means any of the agreements to be
entered into between the Borrower and a Sub-borrower, or between a
Financial Intermediary and a Sub-borrower, pursuant to Section 3.02
(a) of this Agreement; and
      (l)   "Subproject" means a specific project carried out, or to
be carried out, by a Sub-borrower utilizing the proceeds of a
Subloan, consisting of acquisition of inputs, fixed assets and
provision of permanent working capital necessary to produce goods or
to provide services to be exported from Mexico.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of three hundred million dollars ($300,000,000), being
the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each
withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made or, if the Bank shall so agree,
to be made in respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Banco de
Mexico or any other bank acceptable to the Bank on terms and
Page  4
conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993
or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall
promptly notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
Page  5
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project;
                    Transfer of Loan Proceeds;
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out or cause to be carried
out Part B of the Project and conduct its operations and affairs in
accordance with sound financial, administrative and managerial
standards and practices, and in accordance with the Statutes and the
Reglas de Operacion.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of
the Loan allocated to Part B of the Project: (i) to Financial
Intermediaries, pursuant to Intermediary Loan Agreements, under
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank, which shall include
those provided in the applicable Reglas de Operacion, for purposes
of subsequent on-lending to Sub-borrowers under Subloan Agreements;
and (ii) directly to Sub-borrowers, through Subloans pursuant to
Subloan Agreements entered into between the Borrower and a Sub-
borrower, in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 6 of this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
applicable Intermediary Loan Agreement and each Subloan Agreement to
which it is a party, in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Guarantor, the Bank and the Borrower, to comply with its
obligations under this Agreement, and to accomplish the purposes of
the Loan.
      (c)   The Borrower shall not change or fail to enforce the
Reglas de Operacion in a manner that affects materially and
adversely the operations or the financial condition of the Borrower
or its ability to carry out Part B of the Project or to perform any
of its obligations under this Agreement.
      (d)   If the proceeds accrued to the Borrower from the
repayment of principal of, and payment of interest and other charges
on, Intermediary Loans or Subloans are not required for purposes of
repayment of principal or payment of interest and other charges
under this Agreement, the Borrower shall utilize such proceeds
exclusively for making other loans for the same purposes and under
the same terms and conditions as those set forth in respect of
Intermediary Loans or Subloans under this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall enter into a contractual
arrangement, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Guarantor,
providing, inter alia, for: (i) the transfer to the Guarantor of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated under Part A of the Project; and (ii)
the transfer by the Guarantor to the Borrower of such funds as the
Borrower shall be required to pay to the Bank on account of
principal, interest and other charges on such portion of the Loan
allocated to Part A of the Project.
      (b)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of the contractual
arrangement referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section.
      Section 3.04. (a) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs
3 and 4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement, the Bank may refrain from
approving applications or authorizing requests under such paragraph
4 in respect of Subloans in excess of the following aggregate
amounts  financed out of the proceeds of the Loan: (i) $75,000,000
Page  6
equivalent, within the period ending on January 31, 1992; and (ii)
$175,000,000 equivalent, within the period ending on July 31, 1992.
      (b)   Not later than January 31, 1992, the Bank and the
Borrower shall review the progress made by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program and the Project, such progress to
include, inter alia, the achievement of the following targets: (i)
abolishment of the COI Scheme; (ii) initiation of the issuance by
the Borrower of guarantees for the benefit of commercial banks in
their working capital loans to exporters; and (iii) implementation
by the Borrower of a policy of cost recovery in respect of its
promotional services to exporters.
      (c)   If, after the review referred to in paragraph (b) above,
the Bank shall have considered as non satisfactory the progress made
by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Project or the Program,
the Bank may not approve applications or authorize requests under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement until the Borrower shall
have taken such remedial action, satisfactory to the Bank, as shall
be necessary to achieve such satisfactory progress.
      (d)   Not later than July 31, 1992, the Bank and the Borrower
shall further review the progress made by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program and the Project, such progress to
include, inter alia, the adoption by the Borrower in its short-term
export financing operations of the interest rate described in
Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
      (e)   If, after the review referred to in paragraph (d) above,
the Bank shall have considered as non satisfactory the progress made
by the Borrower in the carrying out of the Project or the Program,
the Bank may not approve applications or authorize requests under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to this Agreement until the Borrower shall
have taken such remedial action, satisfactory to the Bank, as shall
be necessary to achieve such satisfactory progress.
      Section 3.05. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and works to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.06. Without limiting the Borrower's obligations
under Section 4.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall, with the
assistance of an entity, satisfactory to the Bank, retained under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, present not later than
90 days after the proceeds of the Loan allocated to Part A of the
Project have been disbursed, a report to the Bank providing
verification that all goods procured under Part A of the Project
were eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain procedures and
separate records and accounts adequate to monitor and record the
progress of the Project and of each Subproject and to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the operations and financial condition of the Borrower.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records referred to in paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, its accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) and records
                   and accounts for the Special Account for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
Page  7
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) a certified copy of the report
                   of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                   and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                   reasonably requested;
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements and the audit thereof as the Bank
                   shall from time to time reasonably request; and
           (iv)    furnish to the Bank monthly certified statements
                   of the Special Account.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account was made, all records (contracts,
                   orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                   documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audits referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Statutes shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the operations or the financial condition of the Borrower
or its ability to carry out the Project or to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower shall have failed to implement the Program
or any part thereof; and
      (c)   any change in the macroeconomic framework of the
Guarantor has, in the Bank's opinion, materially and adversely
affected the carrying out of the Project or the Program.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (b) or (c) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of thirty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Bank to the Borrower and the Guarantor; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
Page  8
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions,
namely that the Borrower and the Guarantor shall have entered into
the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.03 of this
Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank, namely that the contractual arrangement
referred to in Section 3.03 of this Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by and is legally binding upon the Borrower and the
Guarantor in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date August 2, 1991 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Director General of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco Nacional de Comercio
              Exterior, S.N.C.
            Camino a Santa Teresa No. 1679
            01900 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   BANCOMEXT                 BNCE ME-1764393
                   Mexico, D.F.
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
Page  9
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR,
                           S.N.C.
                         By /s/ Jose Angel Gurria
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                           Loan Allocated             % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category           Dollar Equivalent)      to be Financed
(1)   Imported goods         25,000,000          100% of foreign
      for Part A of                              expenditures
      the Project
(2)   Subloans              275,000,000          100% of amounts
      under Part B                               disbursed under
      the Project                                Subloans
                            ___________
            TOTAL           300,000,000
                            ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Guarantor for goods supplied from the
territory of any country other than that of the Guarantor.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$30,000,000 may be made on account of payments made for such
expenditures before that date but after November 2, 1990.
4.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of expenditures under Part A of
the Project:
      (a)   for goods included in the following SITC groups or
subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under future
revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Bank by notice to the
Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
Page  10
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and
                                  semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.7          Nuclear reactors, and
                                  parts thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   for goods procured under contracts costing less than
$10,000 equivalent;
      (c)   for goods supplied under a contract which any national
or international financing institution or agency other than the Bank
shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (d)   for goods intended for a military or paramilitary
purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (e)   for crude oil or foodstuffs.
5.    Withdrawal applications for expenditures under Part A of the
Project shall be consolidated in aggregate amounts of not less than
$2,000,000 equivalent, except for the last withdrawal application
which shall be for the remaining amount of the Loan to be disbursed
under Category (1) of the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule.
6.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of goods or works included in
a Subproject unless the Subloan for that Subproject has been made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 6 of this Agreement, and the
respective Intermediary Loan Agreement (if applicable) and Subloan
Agreement have been entered into by the parties thereto.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to support: (i) trade and
customs reforms aimed at encouraging efficiency in, and expanding,
Mexico's tradeables sector; and (ii) the Borrower in making
institutional changes aimed at becoming a more efficient financial
institution in a market oriented environment.
Part A:
      Importation of goods in support of the Program.
Part B:
      Carrying out of Subprojects.
                       *      *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1993.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
Page  11
                                            Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                           (expressed in dollars)*
On each May 15 and November 15
      beginning November 15, 1996
      through May 15, 2008                       12,500,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on
                                     the day of prepayment
                                     multiplied by:
Not more than three years                  0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.88
      more than 15 years
      before maturity
More than 15 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
                  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     Procurement of Goods under Part A of the Project
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 2 of this Part A, contracts
for the procurement of goods under Part A of the Project estimated
to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more each shall be awarded
through international competitive bidding in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
Page  12
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Business; or
           (ii)    an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international cir-
                   culation; or
          (iii)    a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods
                   required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods under Part A of the
Project estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $5,000,000
shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Guarantor's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable to the Bank; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice.
Part B:     Procurement of Goods and Works under Part B of the
            Project
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 below, contracts
for the procurement of goods and works under Part B of the Project
shall be procured through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines.
2.    Computers and office equipment under Part B of the Project,
estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $500,000 per contract,
may be procured through limited international bidding, as provided
in paragraph 3.2 of the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Goods and works under Part B of the Project (other than
computers and office equipment), estimated to cost the equivalent of
$2,000,000 or more, but less than the equivalent of $5,000,000 per
contract, and computers and office equipment for Part B of the
Project estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 per contract or
less, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    Goods and works under Part B of the Project, estimated to cost
less than the equivalent of $2,000,000 per contract, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of established commercial
procurement practices satisfactory to the Bank.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part B.1 of this Schedule, goods manufactured in Mexico
may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
Page  13
subject to, the provisions of paragraph 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    With respect to each contract referred to in Part A.1 of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior to the
submission to the Bank of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Loan Account in respect of such contract, two
conformed copies of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such other
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
2.    With respect to each contract referred to in Part A.2 of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior to the
submission to the Bank of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Loan Account in respect thereof, such documentation
and information as the Bank may reasonably request to support
withdrawal applications in respect of such contract.
3.    With respect to each contract for works or goods under Part B
of the Project (other than computers and office equipment),
estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more, to the first
two contracts for computers and office equipment under Part B of the
Project estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $500,000 per
contract and to the first two contracts for the works and goods
(other than computers and office equipment) referred to in paragraph
3 of Part B of this Schedule, the procedures set forth in paragraphs
2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contracts are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
4.    With respect to each contract under Part B of the Project not
governed by the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract together with the other information
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be
furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
5.    The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 2 and 4 shall not
apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account on the basis of statements of
expenditure. Such contracts shall be retained in accordance with
Section 4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
6.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "Eligible Category" means Category (2) set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required during
the execution of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan allocated from time to time to the Eligible Category in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement,
provided, however, that notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph
4 (b) of Schedule 6 to this Agreement, payments for expenditures to
Page  14
be financed out of the proceeds of free-limit Subloans may be made
out of the Special Account before the Bank shall have authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect thereof. Such
expenditures, however, shall qualify as Eligible Expenditures only
if the Bank shall subsequently authorize such withdrawals; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $20,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   Eligible Expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective Eligible Category, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further depositsinto the Special 
Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect
to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of
Page  15
the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan follow such procedures as the Bank
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals
shall be made only after and to the extent that the Bank shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 6
              Procedures for and Terms and Conditions
                            of Subloans
1.    The terms and conditions of Subloans shall be as set forth in
the Reglas de Operacion, where applicable, and this Schedule, and in
case of any conflict between the Reglas de Operacion and this
Schedule, this Schedule shall prevail.
2.    No Subloans aggregating more than the equivalent of
$15,000,000 shall be made for the benefit of any Sub-borrower or
Subproject.
3.    No expenditures for goods or works required for a Subproject
shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan
unless:
      (a)   the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been approved
by the Bank and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than 180 days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the application and information required under paragraph 4
(a) of this Schedule in respect of such Subloan; or
      (b)   the Subloan for such Subproject shall have been a free-
limit Subloan for which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the
Loan Account and such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than 180 days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the request and information required under paragraph 4 (b)
of this Schedule in respect of such free-limit Subloan. For the
purposes of this Agreement, a free-limit Subloan shall be a Subloan
for a Subproject in an amount to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan which shall not exceed the sum of $10,000,000 equivalent,
when added to any other outstanding amounts financed or proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan for the benefit of the
Page  16
same Sub-borrower or Subproject.
4.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan (other than a free-limit Sub-
loan) to the Bank for approval, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Bank an application, in form satisfactory to the Bank, together
with: (i) a description of the Sub-borrower and an appraisal of the
Subproject, including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; (ii) the proposed terms
and conditions of the Subloan, including the schedule of amorti-
zation of the Subloan; and (iii) such other information as the Bank
shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by the Borrower for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a free-limit Sub-
loan shall contain: (i) a summary description of the Sub-borrower
and the Subproject, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; and (ii)
the terms and conditions of the Subloan, including the schedule of
amortization therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Bank on or before June 30, 1993.
5.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby the Borrower or the
Financial Intermediary shall obtain, through the Subloan Agreement,
rights adequate to protect the interests of the Bank, the Borrower
and the Guarantor, including, in the case of any Subloan, the right
to:
      (a)   require the Sub-borrower to carry out and operate the
Subproject with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
sound technical, environmental, financial and managerial standards
and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that: (i) the goods and works to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (ii) such goods and
works shall be used exclusively in the carrying out of the
Subproject;
      (c)   inspect, by itself or jointly with representatives of
the Bank if the Bank shall so request: (i) when applicable, such
goods and the sites, works, plants and construction included in the
Subproject and the operation thereof; and (ii) any relevant records
and documents;
      (d)   require, when applicable, that: (i) the Sub-borrower
shall take out and maintain with responsible insurers such
insurance, against such risk and in such amounts, as shall be
consistent with sound business practice; and (ii) without any
limitation upon the foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards
incident to the acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or
installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a
currency freely usable by the Sub-borrower to replace or repair such
goods;
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Bank or the Borrower
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
administration, operations and financial condition of the Sub-
borrower and to the benefits to be derived from the Subproject; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Sub-borrower to
the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such Sub-
borrower to perform its obligations under the Subloan Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 7
                Borrower's Interest Rate for Export
                 (Pre-and-Post Shipment) Financing
Page  17
1.    Subject to paragraph 3 below, the interest rate to be adopted
by the Borrower by June 30, 1992 in its export financing operations
shall be the weighted average of the following interest rates in
force as of such date, such weighted average to be determined in
accordance with the methodology set forth in paragraph 2 below:
      (a)   Bankers' Acceptance Rate plus 1 percentage point; and
      (b)   the weighted average of the interest rates charged by
Banco Nacional de Mexico, S.N.C. (BANAMEX), Banco de Comercio,
S.N.C. (BANCOMER) and SERFIN, S.N.C. (SERFIN), in their export
financing operations in Dollars.
2.    The weights of the rates referred to above shall be
established on the basis of the values of exports of non-oil
manufactures, during the latest 6 months for which the information
is available, as follows:
      (a)   the rate referred to in paragraph 1 (a) above, on the
basis of such values of exports made by subsidiaries of multi-
national companies operating in Mexico; and
      (b)   the rate referred to in paragraph 1 (b) above, on the
basis of such values of exports made by exporting companies
borrowing from the banks referred to therein.
3.    If the interest rate used by the Borrower in its export
financing operations as of June 30, 1992 is 0.5% higher or lower
than the interest rate resulting from the calculation referred to in
paragraphs 1 and 2 above, it will not need to be modified.
4.    For the purposes of this Schedule, "Bankers' Acceptance Rate"
means the rate per annum at which banks discount negotiable bank
drafts or liabilities maturing at 180 days sight, arising out of
transactions involving the importation or exportation of goods. For
purposes of determining the above-mentioned rate, the Borrower shall
utilize the Bankers' Acceptance Rate, on an offer basis, for such
acceptances quoted daily on page 13 of the information system
provided by Tele-rate Systems Inc. at 11 a.m. in New York City or
such other indicator for Bankers' Acceptance Rate as the Bank may,
after consultation with the Borrower, reasonably determine.c
