Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3309 ME
                       (Export Sector Loan)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated May 2, 1991
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3309 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 2, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      (A)   the Guarantor and the Borrower having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to three hundred million
dollars ($300,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely
as surety, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements with the Borrower referred to in Section 3.03 of the
Loan Agreement and, unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not
change or fail to enforce any of the provisions of such contractual
arrangements.
      Section 2.03. Without limitation or restriction upon other
obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound
financial and administrative practices.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of goods, works and services required for the Project
and to be financed from the proceeds of the Loan, shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall provide or cause to be
provided to the Borrower, in a timely manner, all documents and
records in respect of expenditures financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan under Part A of the Project required to enable the Borrower
to comply with the provisions of Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
Page  3
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion
              de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, Piso 4
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                           Telex:
                                             1777313-SHDCME or
                                             01774300
                                             Mexico City
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                         By /s/ Jose Angel Gurria
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Page  4
