Page  1
                               JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
               Japanese Grant Agreement
     (National Water Rehabilitation Fund Project)
                        between
              FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
            as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    provided by the
                  GOVERNMENT OF JAPAN
                  Dated July 27, 1990
               JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1990, between FEDERAL
REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA (the Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) acting
as Administrator (the Administrator) of grant funds
provided by the GOVERNMENT OF JAPAN (Japan).
     WHEREAS: (A) pursuant: to a letter agreement dated
June 3, 1987, between Japan and the Bank, Japan has
requested the Bank, and the Bank has agreed, to
administer grant funds to be made available by Japan for
the financing of certain programs and projects supported
by the Bank in accordance with the provisions of such
letter agreement;
     WHEREAS: (B) the Recipient has requested and Japan
has agreed to make available to the Recipient a grant
(the Grant) out of said grant funds to finance the cost
of carrying out the technical assistance described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement (the Technical Assistance)
on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985 (the General Conditions) , constitute an integral
part of this Agreement, subject, however, to the
Page  2
following modifications thereto:
     (a)  the term "Bank" wherever used in the General
Conditions, other than in Sections 2.01 (8) and 6.02 (f)
thereof, means the International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development acting as Administrator of the Grant
pursuant to the letter agreement: between Japan and the
Bank referred to in Recital (A) of this Agreement,
except: that in Section 6.02, the term "Bank" shall also
include the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development acting in its own capacity;
     (b)  the term "Borrower" wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the Recipient;
     (c)  the term "Loan Agreement" wherever used in the
General Conditions, means this Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Loan" wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grant;
     (e)  the term "Loan Account" wherever used in the
General Conditions, shall be amended to read the Grant
Account;
     (f)  the term "Project" wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the technical assistance described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement;
     (g)  Section 4.01. shall be modified to read:
          "Withdrawals from the Grant Account shall be
     made in yen; provided, however, that if the
     expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of
     the Grant have been paid or are payable in another
     currency, the Administrator shall, at the request
     of the Recipient, purchase such currency with the
     proceeds of such withdrawal.";
     (h)  Sections 2.01 (5), (7), (12), (13), (14), (15),
(16), (17) and (19), 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.02, 4.03,
4.04, 4.05, 4.06, 4.07, 4.08, 4.10, 6.02 (a)(i), 6.02
(g), 6.02 (h), 6.05, 6.07, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 9.01 (b),
9.02, 9.03, 10.02, 12.01, 12.02, 12.03, 12.04 and 12.05
are deleted;
     (i)  The second and third sentences of Section 4.09
are deleted; and
     (j)  All references to "the Guarantor" wherever such
term is used in the General Conditions, shall not apply
to this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Recitals to
this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth; and the terms "yen" and "Y" mean the currency of
Japan.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Recipient, on the terms and conditions herein set
forth or referred to, the Grant in an amount of six
hundred seventy-five million yen (Y675,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Grant Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such
Page  3
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Recipient and the Administrator.
     Section 2.02. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1992, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Recipient of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
         Execution of the Technical Assistance
     Section 3.01. (a) The Recipient shall carry out the
Technical Assistance through the Department of Water
Resources of the Federal Ministry of Agriculture, Water
Resources and Rural Development with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative and engineering practices, and shall
provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Technical
Assistance.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and, except as the
Recipient and the Administrator shall otherwise agree,
the Recipient shall carry out the Technical Assistance in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.02. In order to assist the Recipient in
carrying out the Technical Assistance, the Recipient
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment are satisfactory
to the Administrator. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Administrator, on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the
Administrator in August 1981.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Recipient shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Technical Assistance of the departments or agencies of
the Recipient responsible for carrying out the Technical
Assistance or any part thereof.
     (b)  The Recipient shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Administrator;
          (ii) furnish to the Administrator as soon as
               available, but in any case not later
               than four months after the end of each
               such year, the report of such audit by
               said auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Administrator shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Administrator such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Administrator shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
Page  4
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon its execution by the parties hereto.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement shall continue in
effect until the Grant has been fully disbursed and the
parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations hereunder.
                       ARTICLE V
              Representation; Transfer of
                Rights and Obligations
     Section 5.01. The Minister of Finance and Economic
Development of the Recipient shall be the representative
of the Recipient for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions;
     For the Recipient:
          The Honourable Minister
          Federal Ministry of Finance
               and Economic Development
          P.M.B. 12591
          Federal Secretariat, Ikoyi
          Lagos, Nigeria
          Cable address:           Telex:
               FEDMINFIN                21248 (ITT)
               Lagos
     For the Administrator:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
               By /s/ Olu Falae
                              Authorized Representative
Page  5
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
               as Administrator of the Grant
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant, the
allocation of the amount of the Grant to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Grant Allocated      % of
                        (Expressed     Expenditures
   Category               in Yen)     to be Financed
(1) Consultants'        575,000,000   100%
    services
(2) Office equip-        25,000,000   100% of foreign
    ment, materials                   expenditures and
    and vehicles                      75% of local
                                      expenditures
(3) Unallocated          75,000,000
       TOTAL            675,000,000
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement or
for goods not eligible under this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
          Description of Technical Assistance
     The Technical Assistance is intended to assist in
the preparation of sub-projects to be financed under the
National Water Rehabilitation Fund (NWRF); in the
establishment of the project management structure for
NWRF, and in supporting the institutional development of
the Federal Department of Water Resources and
participating State Water agencies and shall include:
A.   Detailed Engineering Design
     Detailed engineering design preparation of tender
documents,
prequalification of bidders and bid evaluation related to
the water supply rehabilitation programs comprising the
sub-projects proposed for financing under NWRF.
B.   Project Management
     (1)  Development and implementation of a management
information system for monitoring the progress of both
the physical rehabilitation and institutional
strengthening components of the Project;
     (2)  Design and installation of a project accounting
system;
Page  6
     (3)  Selection, supervision and co-ordination of
regional
consultants; and
     (4)  Preparation of standard procurement documents.
C.   Institutional Development
     (1)  Specialist technical assistance to the Federal
Department of Water Resources in the establishment of
technical standards and issuance of the appropriate
policy guidelines and for the water supply sector;
     (2)  Development of guidelines for preventive
maintenance programs, manpower audits, and leakage
detection and repair programs;
     (3)  Development of standard accounting, billing and
collection and stores system; and
     (4)  Identification of sector training needs.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                Implementation Program
1.   The Department of Water Resources (FDWR) of the
Federal Ministry of Agriculture, Water Resources and
Rural Development shall be responsible for the
implementation of the Technical Assistance.
2.   Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrator, FDWR
shall ensure that consultants for project management and
institutional development (Parts B and C of Schedule 2)
are appointed by not later than March 1, 1999.
3.   Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrator,
FDWR shall ensure that consultants for the detailed
engineering design (Part A of Schedule 2) are appointed
not later than August 1, 1990.
