Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2383 PAK
   (Environmental Protection and Resource Conservation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                        PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                                and
                         PROVINCE OF SINDH
                                and
                   NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                                and
                      AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR
                       Dated October 1, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2383 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
acting by its Governor (Punjab), PROVINCE OF SINDH acting by its
Governor (Sindh), NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE acting by its
Governor (NWFP) and AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR acting by its President
(AJK).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to twenty-one
million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 21,400,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP and AJK agree to undertake such obligations toward the
Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   part of the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP and AJK; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement with
the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry
out their activities under the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and environmental protection and resource
conservation practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for their activities under the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and Punjab, Sindh,
NWFP and AJK shall otherwise agree, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK
shall carry out their activities under the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to the
Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall, for the purposes of
their activities under the Project, open and maintain in dollars
special accounts in the National Bank of Pakistan on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of, such Special Accounts, shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 5 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
by Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provi-
sions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and
9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and their respective Parts of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall, at the
request of the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of their activities under the Project, the
performance of their obligations under this Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of their activities under the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the performance
by Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK of their obligations under this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  3
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices their operations and financial condition in
respect of the Project.
      (b)   Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall:
            (i)   have their records and accounts and the records
                  and accounts for their Special Accounts for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with appropri-
                  ate auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Association shall from
                  time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall:
      (a)   in respect of any village community development works to
be carried out under Parts D.1 (a), (b) and (c) of the Project,
require the beneficiary community (i) to share 40% of the costs of
such works, and (ii) to deposit funds to cover such share in a
community-established bank account prior to implementation of such
works; and
      (b)   in respect of any terraces to be established under Parts
D.1 (a), (b) and (c) of the Project, require the beneficiary
individual to share 50% of the costs of establishing such terraces.
      Section 3.03. In order to facilitate the availability of
commercial credit to individuals proposing to establish terraces
and/or orchards under Parts D.1 (a), (b) and (c) of the Project,
Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall cause their respective Project
implementation agencies to give prior notice to the Agricultural
Development Bank of Pakistan (ADBP) and to local branches of
commercial banks of any Project activities to be carried out in
their respective areas and to invite them, whenever appropriate, to
participate in discussions with local communities on the carrying
out of such activities.
      Section 3.04. Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK shall ensure that:
      (a)   the communities and individuals accepting or purchasing
seedlings and/or trees for establishing private or communal fuelwood
lots and private orchards under Parts D.1 (a), (b) and (c) and D.3
(c) of the Project will assume responsibility for planting and
thereafter protecting and maintaining such lots and orchards;
      (b)   the communities and individuals accepting vetiver slips
for planting vetiver hedges on private and communal land where soil
conservation works are to be carried out under Parts D.1 (a), (b)
and (c) and D.3 (c) of the Project will assume responsibility for
planting and thereafter caring for such hedges; and
      (c)   the individuals accepting funds and seeds for establish-
ing terraces and/or orchards under Parts D.1 (a), (b) and (c) of the
Project will assume responsibility for establishing and thereafter
maintaining such terraces and orchards.
Page  4
      Section 3.05. Punjab, Sindh and NWFP shall ensure that Punjab
P&D, Sindh EPA and NWFP EPA, respectively, will beginning not later
than July 1, 1993, (a) screen all public development expenditures in
light of the national and provincial environmental quality standards
to be established under the Project, and (b) require all public
investors to comply with the EIA procedures to be established under
the Project in respect of investments considered likely to adversely
affect the environment.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP and AJK of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Punjab:
            Planning and Development Board
            Government of Punjab
            Lahore, Pakistan
Page  5
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               82-04-4868
                  Lahore                    Punjab Secretariat
                  Pakistan                  Lahore, Pakistan
      For Sindh:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Sindh
            Karachi, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT SINDH         952-23950
                  Karachi
                  Pakistan
      For NWFP:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of North West Frontier Province
            Peshawar, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               952-52371
                  Peshawar
                  Pakistan
      For AJK:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Azad Jammu and Kashmir
            Muzzafarabad, Azad Jammu and Kashmir
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Punjab, Sindh, NWFP and AJK, or by Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP and AJK on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Chairman, Planning
and Development Board, in the case of Punjab, and by the Additional
Chief Secretary (Development), in the case of each of Sindh, NWFP
and AJK or such other person or persons as they shall designate in
writing, and they shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                  PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                  PROVINCE OF SINDH
Page  6
                  NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                  AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR
                  By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                                         Authorized Representative
