Page  1
           DANISH GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3434 ZIM
                Danish Grant Agreement
            (Structural Adjustment Program)
                        between
                 REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
            as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    Provided by the
      DANISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE
                 Dated March 11, 1993
           DANISH GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3434 ZIM
                DANISH GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 11, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
ZIMBABWE (hereinafter referred to as the Recipient) and
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT,
acting as Administrator (hereinafter referred to as the
Administrator) of a Grant provided by THE DANISH
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE (hereinafter
referred to as DANIDA).
     WHEREAS the Recipient has requested the assistance
of the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (hereinafter referred to as the Bank) and the
Danish International Development Assistance to finance
part of the urgently required imports under the
Recipient's program of actions, objectives and policies
designed to achieve structural adjustment of the
Recipient's economy (the Program) referred to in the
Preamble to the Loan Agreement dated February 4, 1992,
between the Recipient and the Bank (hereinafter referred
to as the Loan Agreement).
     WHEREAS in consideration of the above-mentioned
request, DANIDA agrees to provide such assistance and has
agreed to open a trust account and deposit therein an
amount not exceeding seventy- five million Danish Kroner
(DKr 75,000,000) (hereinafter referred to as the Danish
Page  2
Grant) and has, pursuant to an Agreement dated December
29, 1992, between DANIDA and the Bank (hereinafter
referred to as the Administration Agreement), appointed
the Bank as Administrator of the said Trust Account for
the purpose of providing assistance to the Recipient;
     WHEREAS the Bank, as Administrator as hereinbefore
mentioned, has agreed on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing to extend the Danish Grant to the Recipient
upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The parties to this Agreement accept
all the provisions of the "General Conditions Applicable
to Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated
January 1, 1985, with the same force and effect as if
they were fully set forth herein, subject, however, to
the following modifications thereof:
     (a)  the term "Bank", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Development acting as Administrator of
the Danish Grant pursuant to the provisions of the
Administration Agreement;
     (b)  the term "Loan Agreement", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means this Agreement;
     (c)  the term "Loan", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Danish Grant hereunder;
     (d)  the term "Loan Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions or in this Agreement, means the
Account opened by the Bank in its books in the name of
the Recipient to which the amount of the Danish Grant is
credited;
     (e)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.05, 4.06, 4.07, 4.08, 4.09, 4.10, 6.05,
7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05 of the General Conditions
are deleted; and
     (f)  in Sections 6.02 and 7.01 of the General
Conditions, the term "Bank" shall include also the Bank
acting in its own capacity.
     Section 1.02. Whenever used in this Agreement the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Danish Kroner" and "DKr" mean the currency of
Denmark;
     (b)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by
the United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No.
34/Rev. 3 (1986);
     (c)  "OGIL" means the Recipient's open general
import licensing system described in its Control of
Goods, (Import and Export) Regulations, 1986, as amended
to the date of this Agreement; and
     (d)  "ERS" means the Export Retention Scheme
established by the Borrower on July 26, 1990.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
Page  3
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Recipient, on the terms and conditions herein set
forth or referred to, a grant in an amount of seventy
five million Danish Kroner (DKr 75,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Danish Grant may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Administrator shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
works, goods and services required for the Program.
     Section 2.03. Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the works, goods and
services required for the Program and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Danish Grant shall be procured in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1994, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Recipient of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement is
hereby incorporated into this Agreement with the same
force and effect as if it was fully set forth herein.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Effectiveness; Termination; Representation
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon signature.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Recipient and the Administrator hereunder shall
terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement shall
terminate in accordance with its terms.
     Section 4.04. The representative designated in
Section 6.01 of the Loan Agreement shall be the
representative of the Recipient for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.05. The addresses specified in Section
6.02 of the Loan Agreement shall be the addresses
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.06. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the Loan Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 5.01. In accordance with the Administration
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
DANIDA. The Recipient accepts and agrees that, upon
notice by the Administrator to the Recipient to that
effect, DANIDA shall, ipso facto, from the date specified
in such notice, be substituted in all rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement as
if DANIDA had been an original party to this Agreement,
Page  4
without any further action or formality required on the
part of any party, and from such date the Administrator
shall cease to have any rights or obligations as a party
under this Agreement.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                    REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE
                    By /s/ Elaisha Mushaykarara
                          Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                      AND DEVELOPMENT,
                      as ADMINISTRATOR on behalf of the
                    DANISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
                      ASSISTANCE
                    By  /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                           Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                       SCHEDULE
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Trust Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods on the OGIL or goods
imported under the ERS required during the execution of
the Program and to be financed out of such proceeds.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
groups or sub-groups under future revisions to the SITC,
as designated by the Bank by notice to the Recipient:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112            -         Alcoholic beverages
     121            -         Tobacco, unmanufactured
                              tobacco refuse
     122            -         Tobacco, manufactured
                              (whether or not con-
                              taining tobacco sub-
                              stitutes)
     525            -         Radioactive and
Page  5
                              associated materials
     667            -         Pearls, precious and
                              semi-precious stones,
                              unworked or worked
     718       718.7          Nuclear reactors,
                              and parts thereof,
                              fuel elements (cart-
                              ridges), non-
                              irradiated for
                              nuclear reactors
     728       728.43         Tobacco processing
                              machinery
    897       897.3           Jewelry of gold,
                              silver or platinum
                              group metals (except
                              watches and watch
                              cases) and gold-
                              smiths' or
                              silversmiths' wares
                              (including set gems)
     971       -              Gold, non-monetary
                              (excluding gold ores and
                              concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures in the currency of the Recipient
or for goods supplied from the territory of the
Recipient;
     (c)  payments made for expenditures prior to
February 4, 1992;
     (d)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $2,000 equivalent;
     (e)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Bank shall have
financed or agreed to finance;
     (f)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or para-military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
     (g)  expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
equivalent to DKr 15,000,000 for petroleum products and
foodstuffs.
3.   Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost less than
$1,000,000 may be permitted by the Bank upon the basis of
statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions
as the Bank shall specify.
4.   The Recipient shall submit all withdrawal
applications in due time so that all disbursements from
the Trust Account shall be effected before December 31,
1994.
