Page  1
                        AGREEMENT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3434 ZIM
                            Agreement
                               for
                       the Administration
                       of Certain Funds to
                    be made available by the
           DANISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE
                     in conjunction with the
                  Structural Adjustment Loan in
                      REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE
                     Dated December 29, 1992
                        AGREEMENT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3434 ZIM
                            AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 29, 1992, between the DANISH
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE (hereinafter referred to as
DANIDA) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(hereinafter referred to as the Bank) to provide for the
administration, by the Bank, of certain funds to be made available
by DANIDA to the Republic of Zimbabwe (hereinafter referred to as
Zimbabwe).
     WHEREAS, DANIDA wishes to make available to Zimbabwe a grant
in the amount of seventy five million Danish Kroner
(DKr 75,000,000), to assist Zimbabwe in financing part of the cost
of goods related to the Structural Adjustment Program (hereinafter
referred to as the Program) which is being cofinanced by the Bank
under a Loan extended by the Bank to Zimbabwe pursuant to a Loan
Agreement (Structural Adjustment Loan), dated February 4, 1992
between Zimbabwe and the Bank (hereinafter referred to as the Loan
Agreement); and
     WHEREAS, DANIDA has requested, and the Bank has agreed, to
administer the Grant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
     Section 1.01. The Bank, as Administrator on behalf of DANIDA,
shall enter into such agreement or agreements with Zimbabwe, as it
may deem appropriate but consistent with the terms and conditions
of the Loan Agreement (excluding the debt service provisions
thereof) and this agreement for the purpose of assisting in the
Page  2
financing of the Program. Such agreements with Zimbabwe shall,
inter alia, provide that the proceeds of the Grant may be withdrawn
by Zimbabwe to finance part of the cost of goods and services
related to the Program and that the amounts to be withdrawn need
not be repaid and shall bear no interest or other charges. A copy
of each agreement shall be furnished to DANIDA.
     Section 1.02. The Bank, as Administrator on behalf of DANIDA,
shall have the sole responsibility for the supervision of the
Program and shall keep DANIDA informed of the progress of the
Program. Before sending missions to review the progress of the
Program, the Bank shall inform DANIDA on the timing of such
missions so as to enable DANIDA to participate and to exchange
views on the results of such missions.
     Section 1.03. The administration and enforcement of any
provisions of any agreement entered into between Zimbabwe and the
Bank for the purposes of this Agreement shall be handled solely by
the Bank, and the Bank specifically reserves the right, at its
discretion and without notice to DANIDA, to exercise, refrain from
exercising or waive any rights under such Agreement or to modify
any provision thereof, provided, however, that before suspending
the right of Zimbabwe to make withdrawals of funds under such
Agreement, the Bank shall inform DANIDA and afford DANIDA a
reasonable opportunity for consultation with the Bank.
     Section 1.04. The Bank shall exercise the same care in the
discharge of its functions under this Agreement as it exercises
with respect to the administration and management of its own
affairs and shall have no further responsibility to DANIDA in
respect thereof.
                           ARTICLE II
     Section 2.01. For the purpose of this Agreement, DANIDA shall
deposit the aggregate amount of the Grant into the Trust Account
(hereinafter referred to as the T-Account) maintained with the
Danmarks National Bank, in the name of the Bank for the purpose of
financing part of the cost of goods and services related to the
Program. The funds in the T-Account shall be freely exchangeable,
by the Bank, with other currencies as may facilitate its
administration.
     Section 2.02. DANIDA shall deposit the proceeds of the Grant
in three tranches as follows:
          (i)  twenty five million Danish Kroner (DKr 25,000,000)
               upon effectiveness of this Agreement;
          (ii) twenty five million Danish Kroner (DKr 25,000,000)
               as soon as 80% or more of the first tranche has
               been utilized; and
         (iii) twenty five million Danish Kroner
               (DKr 25,000,000) after January 1, 1994,
               provided that 90% or more of the aggregate of
               the first and second tranches have been
               utilized;
     Section 2.03. The Bank shall disburse from the T-Account such
amounts as, from time to time, shall be needed to meet the
reasonable cost of goods and services financed or to be financed
pursuant to Section 1.01 of this Agreement. Such disbursements
shall be effected on the basis of withdrawal applications for
eligible expenditures submitted by Zimbabwe to the Bank in
accordance with the Bank's normal procedures for withdrawal and
disbursement of proceeds of loans made by the Bank. The Bank shall
also include provisions in its agreement or agreements with
Zimbabwe to require all such withdrawal applications to be
submitted in due time so that all disbursements from the T-Account
shall be effected before December 31, 1994.  The Bank shall provide
DANIDA with a statement of disbursements on a quarterly basis.
Page  3
     Section 2.04. In order to assist in the defrayment of the
costs of administration and other expenses incurred by the Bank
under this Agreement, the Bank may invest and reinvest the funds in
the T-Account pending their disbursement to Zimbabwe, and may
retain for its own account income from any such investment or
reinvestment in an amount equal to two percent of the amounts
deposited by DANIDA under this Agreement. The balance of the income
from any such investment or reinvestment shall be repaid to DANIDA
upon the termination of this Agreement.
                           ARTICLE III
     Section 3.01. (a) The Bank shall maintain separate records and
accounts in respect of the funds in the T-Account and disbursed by
the Bank pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and the Bank
shall furnish annually to DANIDA a statement of account on such
records and accounts.
     (b)  the Bank shall cause such accounts and records to be
audited and certified by the Bank's external auditors for each
fiscal year that funds shall remain in the T-Account and shall
furnish the report of such audit by said auditors to DANIDA.
                           ARTICLE IV
     Section 4.01. DANIDA and the Bank shall consult from time to
time, at the request of either party, on all matters arising out of
this Agreement.
     Section 4.02. The Bank shall keep DANIDA informed of the
progress of the Program. To that end, the Bank shall furnish to
DANIDA all relevant progress, performance, and assessment reports
relating to the Program.
     Section 4.03. The Bank shall inform DANIDA of any forthcoming
missions and meetings in connection with the Program and shall
afford representatives of DANIDA the opportunity to participate in
such missions and meetings. The Bank shall provide DANIDA with all
supervision and evaluation missions reports.
     Section 4.04. The Bank shall inform DANIDA of any proposed
significant modifications to the Loan Agreement and the Bank's
agreement with Zimbabwe in terms of Section 1.01 of this Agreement
and shall afford DANIDA a reasonable opportunity to exchange views
with the Bank before effecting any such modifications.
                            ARTICLE V
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective as of the
date first above written and, subject to the provisions of this
Article, shall continue in effect until all disbursements have been
made from the T-Account to Zimbabwe.
     Section 5.02. If at any time it appears to either party that
the purposes of this Agreement can no longer effectively or
appropriately be carried out, this Agreement may be terminated at
the initiative of such party on ninety days (90 days) notice in
writing to the other party.
     Section 5.03. Upon termination of the Agreement, unless the
parties agree on another course of action, any agreement or portion
thereof entered into by the Bank, as Administrator on behalf of
DANIDA, shall be transferred to DANIDA, and any funds or other
property of DANIDA held hereunder by the Bank shall be returned to
DANIDA, and the Bank's administration shall be considered
terminated.
     Section 5.04. Promptly after termination of the Agreement, the
Bank shall furnish to DANIDA a final report and a financial
statement on the T-Account, together with an opinion of the Bank's
external auditors on such statement.
Page  4
                           ARTICLE VI
     Section 6.01. This Agreement may be amended only by written
agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 6.02. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement, and any agreement between
the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing.
Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or
made when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram,
telefax (followed by an original copy), cable or telex to the party
to which it is required or permitted to be given or made at such
party's address hereinafter specified or at such other addresses as
such party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For DANIDA:
          DANIDA
          Asiatisk Plads 2
          1448 Copenhagen K
          Denmark
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ETRANGERES                 31292
               COPENHAGEN
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, DC 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             197688 (TRT)
               WASHINGTON, D.C.      248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned duly authorized thereto,
have signed this Agreement.
               DANISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY
               By   /s/  Torben Brylle
                         Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By   /s/  Jean-Louis Sarbib
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
