Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2699 IN
                             Project Agreement
            (Agricultural Human Resources Development Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    and
                          STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                             STATE OF HARYANA
                            STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                           Dated April 11, 1995
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2699 IN
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 11, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the States of
Andhra Pradesh, Haryana and Tamil Nadu (The Project States).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received letters dated
February 27, 1995 from Andhra Pradesh, Haryana and Tamil Nadu
(hereinafter the Project States), attaching a statement for the
future development of their State Agricultural Universities
participating in the Project (hereinafter SAUs) that constitute
the framework for improving agricultural education in such
Project States, including policy, institutional and curricula
reforms (hereinafter called SAU Policy Statement), and
declaring the Project States commitment to carry out such
policy reforms;
      (B)   by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between India (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to forty million five
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 40,500,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that the Project States agree
Page  2
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in the Development Credit Agreement, and in this
Agreement;
      WHEREAS The Project States, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit Agreement
with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) The Project States declare their
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth in
Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to this
end, shall carry out: (i) Part B of the Project through SAUs;
(ii) Part C of the Project through the Agricultural Development
Departments; and (iii) Part D of the Project through the
Manpower Advisory Councils, all with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, and educational practices and under the overall
coordination of DARE, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Parts B, C and D of the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and the
Project States shall otherwise agree, the Project States shall
carry out Parts B, C, and D of the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Project States shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07
and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and
reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement, and Part B, C, and D of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Project States shall, at the request
of the Association, exchange views with the Association with
regard to the progress of Parts B, C and D of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   The Project States shall promptly inform the
Association of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of Parts B, C and D of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by the Project States of their obligations under
this Agreement.
Page  3
                                ARTICLE III
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Project States shall maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts B, C and D of the Project of
the departments or agencies of the Project States, including
SAUs, responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
      (b)   The Project States shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, the
                  report of such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records,
                  accounts and financial statements as well
                  as the audit thereof, as the Association
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of the Project States thereunder shall
terminate on the earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                  its terms; or
            (ii)  the date twenty (20) years after the date of
                  this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify the Project States of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE V
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
Page  4
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C            82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For Andhra Pradesh:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Andhra Pradesh
            Hyderabad
            Andhra Pradesh, India
      For Haryana:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Haryana
            Chandigarh
            Haryana, India
      For Tamil Nadu:
            Chief Secretary
            Government of Tamil Nadu
            Madras
            Tamil Nadu, India
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of any of the Project States may
be taken or executed by its Chief Secretary or such other
person or persons as such State shall designate in writing, and
each Project State shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  5
                  By /s/ H. Vergin
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                               South Asia
                  STATE OF ANDHRA PRADESH
                  STATE OF HARYANA
                  STATE OF TAMIL NADU
                  By /s/ K. Sibal
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                          Implementation Program
1.    The Project States shall, following the completion of the
studies of higher agricultural education financial management
under Part C of the Project, develop with SAU and ICAR, not
later than June 30, 1997, a common strategy for higher
agricultural education financial management, and discuss such
strategy during the mid-term review referred to in paragraph 8
of this Schedule, and agree on an action plan for
implementation.
2.    Each Project State shall have its annual implementation
plan, including the plans of its SAU, participating departments
and Manpower Advisory Council, acceptable to the Association,
approved, not later than April 30 of each year, starting 1996,
by a state-level committee consisting of the Secretaries of
Agriculture and Finance, as well as the Vice-Chancellor of its
SAU and the heads of the participating departments, in addition
to four persons nominated by such a state representing
agricultural education and agro-industries.  The implementation
plan for 1995 shall be approved not later than May 31, 1995.
3.    Each Project State shall, not later than December 31,
1995, take the necessary actions to expand the Board of
Management of each SAU to include at least two additional
representatives, of the agricultural sector.
4.    Each Project State shall cause its SAU to establish, in
consultation with the Association, not later than September 30,
1995, a broad-based advisory group to meet at least once a year
for providing feedback on the preparedness of its graduates and
relevance of its programs, and advising on the future
directions of its activities.
5.    Each Project State shall establish not later than June 30,
1995, a Manpower Advisory Council with staffing, powers and
responsibilities acceptable to the Association.
6.    The Project States shall, without limitation to the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, implement a
system satisfactory to the Association for channelling the
funds required for the Project, to the entities involved in
carrying out the Project.
7.    Without limitations to the provisions of Section 2.01 (a)
of this Agreement, each of the Project States shall provide, on
an annual basis, adequate and earmarked funds to its SAU for
maintaining its buildings, facilities and equipment.
8.    The Project States shall, by December 31, 1997, undertake
in collaboration with the Borrower and the Association, a mid-
term review of the Project, and shall thereafter implement the
Page  6
recommendations of such review.\1a
