Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3159-ME
                  Guarantee Agreement
                (Interest Support Loan)
                        between
                 UNITED MEXICAN STATES
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated February 4, 1990
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3159 ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 4, 1990, between UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the international banking community has
responded favorably to the request dated September 15,
1989 of the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) for
participation in a debt relief and new financing package
designed to support the Guarantor's medium-term
growth-oriented economic program and the Guarantor has
requested the assistance of the Bank, as part of such
package, in financing the provision of collateral to
secure interest payments on bonds to be issued in
exchange for existing debt;
     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Bank has decided to provide such assistance to the
Guarantor by making the loan to the Borrower; and
Page  2
     (C)  by an agreement of even date herewith (the Loan
Agreements between the Bank and Banco Nacional de
Comercio Exterior, S.N.C., (the Borrower), the Bank has
agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in various
currencies equivalent to one billion two hundred and
sixty million dollars ($1,260,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the
obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement and to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
l, 1985 (the General Conditions), with the modifications
set forth in Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement constitute
an integral part o\1a this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
      Guarantee; Provision and Transfer of Funds
     Section 2.01.  (a)  Without limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the
Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely as surety,
the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium,
if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual
performance of all the other obligations of the Borrower,
all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
     (b)  The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan
Agreement and, except as the Bank may otherwise agree,
shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of such
contractual arrangements.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor and the Bank, and
the Borrower, pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) of the Loan
Agreement, shall, from time to time at the request of any
party, exchange views on the Project.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Guarantor, and the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.02 (b)
of the Loan Agreement, shall furnish to the Bank, for its
Page  3
review and comment a report on the Project in such detail
as the Bank shall reasonably request.
     Section 3.02.  (a)  The Guarantor shall take all
actions as shall be necessary or required in order to
enable the Borrower to comply with the provisions of
Section 2.08 of the Loan Agreement.
     (b)  The Guarantor, and the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.08 (b) of the Loan Agreement, shall inform the
Bank of the occurrence of any of the events listed in
paragraph (a) of Section 2.08 of the Loan Agreement
within five (5) working days of the occurrence thereof.
     Section 3.03.  (a)  The Guarantor may use the
proceeds of the Loan solely for the purposes of the
Project.
     (b)  On or prior to the Exchange Date, the Guarantor
shall submit to the Bank legal opinions satisfactory to
the Bank of counsel acceptable to the Bank on the
Exchange and the establishment and maintenance of the
Collateral pursuant to the Financing Package in
accordance with the arrangements for the submission of
such legal opinions approved by the Bank under paragraph
2 (a) of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement.
     (c)  Without any limitations or restrictions upon
the provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions
and Section 3.02 (b) of this Agreement, the Guarantor
shall:
          (i)  at all times keep the Bank informed of
               all notices, certificates and
               confirmations issued to or received by
               the Guarantor in respect of the
               Collateral; and
          (ii) provide to the Bank copies of the monthly
               reports with respect to the Collateral
               Accounts delivered by the Collateral
               Agent to the Guarantor pursuant to the
               provisions of the Collateral Pledge
               Agreements within 15 days of the receipt
               thereof.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a)  The Guarantor shall maintain, or
cause to be maintained, separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the payments made
in respect of the Project and financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Guarantor shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
          (ii) furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the
               Bank as soon as available, but in any
               case not later than six months after the
               end of each such year, a certified copy
               of the report of such audit by said
Page  4
               auditors, of such scope and in such
               detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish, or caused to be furnished,
                    to the Bank such other information
                    concerning said records and accounts
                    and the audit thereof as the Bank
                    shall from time to time reasonably
                    request.
                       ARTICLE V
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 5.01.  The Director General de Captacion de
Credito Externo of Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito
Publico of the Guarantor is designated as representative
of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 5.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Direccion General de
          Captacion de Credito Externo
          Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional, Primer Patio,
          Mariano, 4o. Piso
          06066 Mexico, D.F.,
          Mexico
                                                 Telex:
                                         1777313-SHOCME
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                         Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                          440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)or
                                                   64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the day and year
first above written.
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                    By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                         Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  5
                              RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Shahid Husain
                         Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the Caribbean
