Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2511 SL
                      GVWC Project Agreement
         (Freetown Infrastructure Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                     GUMA VALLEY WATER COMPANY
                        Dated July 15, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2511 SL
                      GVWC PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 15, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the GUMA VALLEY WATER
COMPANY (GVWC).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eighteen
million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
18,400,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that GVWC agrees
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS GVWC in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the term "Leone" means currency of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. GVWC declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part C of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. GVWC shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land aquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the GVWC Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) GVWC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   GVWC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by GVWC of its obligations under this
Agreement.
      Section 2.05. GVWC shall provide in its budget amounts
sufficient to cover its counterpart contributions to the costs of
the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of GVWC
      Section 3.01. GVWC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. GVWC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. GVWC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
Page  3
      Section 3.04. GVWC shall, until completion of the Project,
jointly with the Borrower, SLRA, FCC and the Association carry out
in October of each year an annual review of the Project. The annual
review shall, inter alia, assess: (i) the progress made in carrying
out the various components of the Project; (ii) the work program and
budgetary allocations proposed for the said components; (iii)
compliance with financial, audit and other covenants under the
Project; (iv) the carrying out of GVWC's metering program and its
water tariff structure based on metered consumption; (v) status of
the solid waste management component of the Project; (vi)
performance under the Project of PMCU and FCC's Maintenance Unit;
and (vii) corrective measures that need to be taken including
changes, if any, in the scope and content of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) GVWC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   GVWC shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the GVWC Special Account and the statements of
                  expenditures audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) GVWC shall by November 1, 1993 increase
water charges for non-metered domestic consumers to at least 20
Leones of rateable value.
      (b)   GVWC shall as from November 1, 1994 introduce and
maintain a tariff structure satisfactory to the Association which
shall be based on metered water consumption.
      (c)   GVWC shall as from its 1993/94 fiscal year commence a
program for the annual revaluation of its assets in accordance with
consistently maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to the
Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GVWC shall take all necessary action (including adjustment of
its water tariffs) to earn for its fiscal year ending October 31,
1995 and each of its fiscal years following thereafter, an annual
return before taxes of not less than the percentage of the average
current net value of GVWC's fixed assets in operation specified
below in relation to each such fiscal year, namely: (i) 2% in fiscal
year 1995; (ii) 3% in fiscal year 1996; (iii) 5% in fiscal year
1997; (iv) 7% in fiscal year 1998; and (v) 8% in fiscal year 1999
and thereafter.
      (b)   Before May 1 in each fiscal year referred to in
paragraph (a) above, GVWC shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared
Page  4
by GVWC and satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in said paragraph in respect of such
year and the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the
Association the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The annual return shall be calculated by dividing
                  GVWC's net operating income for the fiscal year
                  in question by one-half of the sum of the current
                  net value of GVWC's fixed assets in operation at
                  the beginning and at the end of that fiscal year;
           (ii)   the term "net operating income" means total
                  operating revenues less total operating expenses;
          (iii)   the term "total operating revenues" means
                  revenues from all sources related to operations;
           (iv)   the term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including
                  administration, adequate maintenance and
                  provision for depreciation on a straight-line
                  basis at a rate of not less than 4% per annum of
                  the average current gross value of GVWC's fixed
                  assets in operation, or other basis acceptable to
                  the Association, but excluding interest and other
                  charges on debt and taxes;
            (v)   the average current gross value of GVWC's fixed
                  assets in operation shall be calculated as one-
                  half of the sum of the gross value of GVWC's
                  fixed assets in operation at the beginning and at
                  the end of the fiscal year, as valued from time
                  to time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Association; and
           (vi)   the term "current net value of GVWC's fixed
                  assets in operation" means the gross value of
                  GVWC's fixed assets in operation less the amount
                  of accumulated depreciation, as valued from time
                  to time in accordance with sound and consistently
                  maintained methods of valuation satisfactory to
                  the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GVWC shall not, for each of its fiscal years following next
after its fiscal year ending on October 31, 1994, incur any debt
unless a reasonable forecast of the revenues and expenditures of
GVWC for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to be incurred
shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt service requirements
of GVWC in such year on all debt of GVWC including the debt to be
incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of GVWC
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
           (ii)   debt shall be deemed to be incurred:
                  (A)   under a loan contract or agreement or other
                        instrument providing for such debt or for
                        the modification of its terms of payment on
                        the date of such contract, agreement or
                        instrument; and
                  (B)   under a guarantee agreement, on the date
                        the agreement providing for such guarantee
                        has been entered into;
Page  5
          (iii)   the term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate of repayments (including sinking fund
                  payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt; and
           (iv)   the term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by GVWC not earlier than twelve months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                  which both the Association and GVWC accept as
                  reasonable and as to which the Association has
                  notified GVWC of its acceptability, provided that
                  no event has occurred since such notification
                  which has, or may reasonably be expected in the
                  future to have, a material adverse effect on the
                  financial condition or future operating results
                  of GVWC.
      Section 4.05. Whenever for the purposes of Sections 4.02, 4.03
and 4.04 of this Agreement, it shall be necessary to value, in terms
of the currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another currency,
such valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing lawful
rate of exchange at which such other currency is, at the time of
such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of servicing such debt,
or, in the absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange
acceptable to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of GVWC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify GVWC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
Page  6
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For GVWC
            Guma Valley Water Company
            Guma Building
            P.O.Box 700
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
            Cable Address:                Telex:
                  GUWATER                   3210 Booth SL
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of GVWC or by GVWC on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the General Manager or such other person or persons as GVWC shall
designate in writing, and GVWC shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  GUMA VALLEY WATER COMPANY
                  By /s/ T.K. Kargbo
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
Page  7
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    For fixed price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to
in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when
contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity period,
the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each week of
delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to the
Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency components
and the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such
an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
3.    In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part A,
GVWC shall use the relevant standard bidding documents issued by the
Bank, with such modifications thereto as the Association shall have
agreed to be necessary for purposes of the Project. Where no
relevant standard bidding documents have been issued by the Bank,
GVWC shall use bidding documents based on other internationally
recognized standard forms agreed with the Association.
4.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a
third party.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.     Works estimated to cost $500,000 equivalent or less per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,200,000
equivalent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Equipment and materials required for Part C of the Project (up
to an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,200,000 equivalent) may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations or bids obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Association.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
Page  8
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist GVWC in carrying out the Project, GVWC
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultants Guidelines).
2.    For complex, time-based assignments, GVWC shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract for
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as
shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant
standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank, GVWC shall
use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section
the provision of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior review
or approval by the Association of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to such prior
review or approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of
reference for such contracts nor to the employment of individuals,
to single-source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical
nature as reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments
of contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
