Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2511 SL
                      SLRA Project Agreement
         (Freetown Infrastructure Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                   SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                        Dated July 15, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2511 SL
                      SLRA PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 15, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and the SIERRA LEONE ROADS
AUTHORITY (SLRA).
      WHEREAS by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eighteen
million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 18,400,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that SLRA agrees
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS SLRA in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Development
Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the term "Leone" means currency of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SLRA declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out, on
behalf of the Freetown City Council (FCC), Part A (1) and (2) of the
Project and Parts B, D and E of the Project and, on behalf of the
Borrower's Department of Health and Social Services, Part A (3) of
the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and public
utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   SLRA shall establish and thereafter maintain, in a form
and with functions and staffing satisfactory to the Borrower and the
Association, a Project Management and Coordination Unit (PMCU). PMCU
shall be responsible for the management and coordination of all
activities included in Parts A, B, D and E of the Project. PMCU
shall be headed by a Project Manager and its staff shall include:
(i) a local counterpart Assistant Project Manager to be employed no
later than July 31, 1993, and (ii) an Engineer/Procurement
Specialist and a Project Accountant both of whom shall be employed
no later than June 30, 1993. The Project Manager shall report
directly to the Director-General of SLRA who shall act at all times
under the guidance of the Steering Committee to be established under
paragraph (c) of this Section.
      (c)   SLRA shall establish and thereafter maintain a Steering
Committee (Steering Committee) in a form and with functions
satisfactory to the Association. The Steering Committee shall have
as Chairman a representative of FCC and its membership shall include
representatives of GVWC, SLRA, the Department of Works, the
Department of Health and Social Services and such other Departments
as the Borrower, SLRA and FCC shall determine.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SLRA shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the SLRA Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) SLRA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Credit.
      (b)   SLRA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by SLRA of its obligations under this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  3
                 Management and Operations of SLRA
      Section 3.01. SLRA shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. SLRA shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. SLRA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. SLRA shall, until completion of the Project,
jointly with the Borrower, GVWC, FCC and the Association carry out
in October of each year an annual review of the Project. The annual
review shall, inter alia, assess: (i) the progress made in carrying
out the various components of the Project; (ii) the work program and
budgetary allocations proposed for the said components; (iii)
compliance with financial, audit and other covenants under the
Project; (iv) the carrying out of GVWC's metering program and its
water tariff structure based on metered consumption; (v) status of
the solid waste management component of the Project; (vi)
performance under the Project of PMCU and FCC's Maintenance Unit;
and (vii) corrective measures that need to be taken including
changes, if any, in the scope and content of the Project.
      Section 3.05. SLRA shall furnish to the Association copies of
all consultants reports and results of studies prepared under the
Project and financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SLRA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   SLRA shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the SLRA Special Account and the statements of
                  expenditure for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
Page  4
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of SLRA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify SLRA of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For SLRA:
            Sierra Leone Roads Authority
            P.M.B. 1324
            Freetown
            Sierra Leone
                                          Telex:
                                            3210 BOOTH SL
                                          Telefax:
                                            250609
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Page  5
Agreement on behalf of SLRA or by SLRA on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
SLRA's Director-General or such other person or persons as SLRA
shall designate in writing, and SLRA shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ T.K. Kargbo
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    For fixed price contracts, the invitation to bid referred to
in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that, when
contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity period,
the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each week of
delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to the
Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency components
and the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such
an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
3.    In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with this
Part A, SLRA shall use the relevant standard bidding documents
issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for purposes of the
Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, SLRA shall use bidding documents based on other
internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
4.    Goods to be procured through international competitive
bidding, shall be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a
third party.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works estimated to cost $500,000 equivalent or less per
Page  6
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,900,000
equivalent) may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than $80,000 equivalent per
contract and fire fighting equipment (up to an aggregate amount not
to exceed $800,000 equivalent) may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
3.    The following items (in an aggregate amount not to exceed
$300,000 equivalent) may be purchased by direct contracting from
original suppliers or sources in accordance with paragraph 3.5 (b)
and (c) of the Guidelines, namely: (i) skip trucks and accessories
of a proprietary nature obtainable from one source; and (ii)
additional equipment compatible with existing equipment and spare
parts available from a sole source.
Part C:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to paragraph 3 of said
Appendix shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to
the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist SLRA in carrying out the Project, SLRA
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultants Guidelines).
2.    For complex, time-based assignments, SLRA shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract for
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as
shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no relevant
standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank, SLRA shall
use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
Page  7
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section
the provision of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior review
or approval by the Association of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to such prior
review or approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of
reference for such contracts nor to the employment of individuals,
to single-source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical
nature as reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments
of contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
