Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3088 MOR
                  Guarantee Agreement
        (National Agricultural Credit Project)
                        between
                  KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 21, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3088 MOR
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 21, 1989, between KINGDOM OF
MOROCCO (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and National Bank for
Agricultural Credit (the Borrower), having been satisfied
as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
     (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed
to extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred ninety million dollars
($190,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such
other obligations as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations
of the Borrower and to undertake such other
obligations;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable
to Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to, and Section 1.02 of,
the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this
end, without limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not
as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction
upon the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement,
the Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there
is reasonable cause to believe that the funds available
to the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the
estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the
Bank, promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the
Borrower to be provided with such funds as are needed
to meet such expenditures.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. Without limitation or restriction
upon the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement:
     (a) The Guarantor shall promptly take all measures
as shall be required (including, without limitation,
the review and, if necessary, approval of proposals by
the Borrower to adjust the structure or levels of the
Borrower's interest rates and other financial charges)
in order to enable the Borrower to comply with its
obligations set forth in Sections 4.04 and 4.05 of the
Loan Agreement.
     (b) Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall at all times maintain the Foreign
Exchange Risk Coverage Scheme.
     Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall: (a) carry out a
study under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank
to develop a fund designed to cover unforseen losses
incurred by the Borrower on account of the failure by
its borrowers to service their debt to the Borrower as
Page  3
a result of climatic or other natural conditions;
     (b)  complete said study and furnish to the Bank
not later than June 30, 1990, a copy thereof, together
with the recommendations based thereon; and
     (c)  afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Guarantor on said study and
recommendations and thereafter promptly carry out said
recommendations taking into account the Bank's comments
thereon.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are
specified for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the
General Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Ministry of Finance
          Rabat
          Kingdom of Morocco
                                   Telex:
                                     31936 M
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                     Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                     440098
(ITT),
               Washington, D.C.              248423
(RCA) or                                          64145
(WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the city of Rabat, Kingdom of Morocco, as of
the day and year first above written.
                    KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                    By /s/ Mohamed Berrada
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  4
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ B. Conable
                                              President
