                                                       CONFORMED COPY




                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2264 HA




                     (Fifth Education Project)


                              between


                         REPUBLIC OF HAITI


                                and


               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION




                     Dated September 25, 1991

                                                CREDIT NUMBER 2264 HA

                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT

      AGREEMENT, dated September 25, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF HAITI
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).

      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;

      (B)   the Association has received a letter dated May 15, 1991
from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives and
policies designed to improve the Borrower's educational sector
(hereinafter called the Program) and declaring the Borrower's
commitment to the execution of the Program;

      (C)   the Borrower intends to receive from the United Nations
Development Program (UNDP) a grant (the UNDP Grant) in an amount
equivalent to $350,000 to assist in financing the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the UNDP Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and UNDP; and

      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                             ARTICLE I

                  General Conditions; Definitions

      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.

      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:

      (a)   "Coordinating Committee" means the committee to be
established pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 5 of Schedule 4
to this Agreement;

      (b)   "Eligible Schools" means a privately owned and operated
school delivering primary education services with schooling
operating costs per student lower than $50 equivalent and which has
signed the agreement referred to in Schedule 4, paragraph B.2 (b),
to this Agreement;

      (c)   "Eligible Schools Eligible for Civil Works" means
Eligible Schools which meet the criteria for eligibility for civil
works set forth in Schedule 6, Part 2, to this Agreement;

      (d)   "Eligible Schools Pedagogical Advisors" means advisors
of Eligible Schools which meet the eligibility criteria for training
set forth in Schedule 6, Part 4, to this Agreement;

      (e)   "Eligible Public Pedagogical Advisors" means advisors of
public primary education schools which meet the eligibility criteria
for training set forth in Schedule 6, Part 3, to this Agreement;

      (f)   "FONHEP" means Fondation Haitienne de l'Enseignement
Prive, a foundation established and operating pursuant to the FONHEP
By-laws (as defined below);

      (g)   "FONHEP By-Laws" means the By-Laws registered in the
Petionville Civil Registry Number 50 on September 14, 1998 in book
424, page 2093 as published in Le Moniteur No. 34-A on April 27,
1989;

      (h)   "FONHEP Subproject" means Parts B.2, B.4 (b) and (d) and
C (c) of the Project;

      (i)   "FONHEP Subproject Account" means the account referred
to in Section 3.03 (a) (ii) of this Agreement;

      (j)   "MENJS" means the Borrower's Ministcre de l'Education
National, de la Jeunesse et des Sports, its Ministry of Education,
Youth and Sports;

      (k)   "MENJS Subproject" means Parts A (1) through (4),   B.1,
B.3, B.4 (a) and (c), and C (a) and (b) of the Project;

      (l)   "MENJS Subproject Account" means the account referred to
in Section 3.03 (a) (i) of this Agreement;

      (m)   "PIU" means the project implementation unit to be
maintained pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 4, paragraph 1, to
this Agreement;
      (n)   "Prior Agreement" means the Development Credit Agreement
for Credit No. 1592-HA (Fourth Education and Training Project)
entered into between the Association and the Borrower on June 14,
1985;

      (o)   "Public Schools Eligible for Civil Works" means public
schools which meet the criteria for eligibility for civil works set
forth in Schedule 6, Part 1, to this Agreement;

      (p)   "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and FONHEP pursuant to the provisions of
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary
Agreement; and

      (q)   "Survey Subproject" means Part A.5 of the Project.

                            ARTICLE II

                            The Credit

      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to nine million four hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 9,400,000).

      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.

      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.

      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.

      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.

      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.

      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.

      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
November 1, 2001 and ending May 1, 2031. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on May 1, 2011 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.

      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.

      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.

      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.

                            ARTICLE III

                     Execution of the Project

      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:

            (i)   shall carry out: (A) the MENJS Subproject through
                  MENJS; and (B) the Survey Subproject through its
                  Ministry of Economy and Finance, both with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                  appropriate education, administrative, economic,
                  financial and engineering practices, and shall
                  provide, promptly as needed, the funds, facili-
                  ties, services and other resources required for
                  the MENJS Subproject; and

           (ii)   shall cause FONHEP, pursuant to the provisions of
                  the Subsidiary Agreement, to carry out the FONHEP
                  Subproject with due diligence and efficiency and
                  in conformity with appropriate education, admin-
                  istrative, economic, financial and engineering
                  practices, shall take or cause to be taken all
                  action, including the provision of funds, facili-
                  ties, services and other resources, necessary or
                  appropriate to enable FONHEP to carry out the
                  FONHEP Subproject, and shall not take or permit
                  to be taken any action which would prevent or
                  interfere with the carrying out of the FONHEP
                  Subproject by FONHEP.

      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the MENJS Subproject
and the Survey Subproject, and shall cause FONHEP, pursuant to the
provisions of the Subsidiary Agreement, to carry out the FONHEP
Subproject, all in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      (c)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
allocated for the FONHEP Subproject available to FONHEP under a
subsidiary agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
FONHEP, under terms and conditions which shall have been approved by
the Association which shall include those set forth in Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.

      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.

      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall, until the Closing Date,
in a bank acceptable to the Association, and on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association:

             (i)    (A)   establish, and thereafter maintain a subpr-
                          oject account for the use of MENJS in
                          meeting expenditures in gourdes for the
                          MENJS Subproject; and

                    (B)   deposit therein, an amount equivalent to
                          $230,000; and

            (ii)    (A)   cause FONHEP to establish and thereafter maintain
                          a subproject account for the use of FONHEP in
                          meeting expenditures in gourdes for the FONHEP
                          Subproject; and

                    (B)   deposit therein an amount equivalent to
                          $230,000.

      (b)   The Borrower shall promptly replenish, and cause FONHEP
to replenish, the MENJS Subproject Account and the FONHEP Subproject
Account, respectively, to cover amounts withdrawn from such
accounts.

      (c)    The Borrower shall ensure that:

             (i)    the aggregate amounts available in the MENJS
                    Subproject Account and the FONHEP Subproject
                    Account do not fall below the amount of funds
                    required by MENJS and FONHEP to meet four months
                    estimated expenditures for the MENJS Subproject
                    and the FONHEP Subproject, respectively; and

             (ii)   the MENJS Subproject Account and the FONHEP
                    Subproject Account are at all times operated in
                    accordance with rules and guidelines acceptable
                    to the Association.

      Section 3.04. The Association and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
FOHHEP Subproject shall be carried out by FONHEP.

                              ARTICLE IV

                          Financial Covenants

      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall cause FONHEP to maintain
records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
sound accounting practices the operations and financial condition of
FONHEP (including the FONHEP Subproject).
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause FONHEP to:

            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments for each fiscal year audited, in accordance
                   with appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;

            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than four months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors, of such scope and in such detail (which
                   shall include, inter alia, a report on the com-
                   pliance of the covenants in this Agreement as
                   they apply to FONHEP) as the Association shall
                   have reasonably requested; and

            (iii) furnish to   the Association such other information
                  concerning   such records, accounts, financial
                  statements   and the audit thereof as the Associa-
                  tion shall   from time to time reasonably request.

      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account for the FONHEP Subproject were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall cause FONHEP
to:

            (i)    maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                   such expenditures;

            (ii)   retain, until one year after the Association has
                   received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                   which the last disbursement from the Credit
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;

            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and

            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                   ed in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                   ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                   with the procedures and internal controls in-
                   volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                   to support the related withdrawals.

      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the MENJS Subproject and the Survey
Subproject of the departments or agencies of the Borrower respon-
sible for carrying out the MENJS Subproject and the Survey Sub-
project or any part thereof.

      (b)    The Borrower shall:

            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                   tion;

            (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than four months after
                   the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                   the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                   such scope and in such detail (which shall in-
                   clude, inter alia, a report on the compliance
                   with the covenants in this Agreement as they
                   apply to MENJS and the Ministry of Economy and
                   Finance) as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and

            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.

      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account for the MENJS Subproject and the Survey
Subproject were made on the basis of statements of expenditure, the
Borrower shall:

            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                   with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                   accounts reflecting such expenditures;

            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                   ation has received the audit for the fiscal year
                   in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                   Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;

            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and

            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                   ed in the annual audit referred to in para-
                   graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                   such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                   ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                   with the procedures and internal controls in-
                   volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                   to support the related withdrawals.

                              ARTICLE V

                           Other Covenants

      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause FONHEP:

      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice;

      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial and education
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers; and

      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
education practices.

                            ARTICLE VI

                     Remedies of the Association

      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   FONHEP shall have failed to perform any of its obliga-
tions under the Subsidiary Agreement.

      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that FONHEP will be
able to perform its obligations under the Subsidiary Agreement.

      (c)   The FONHEP By-Laws shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of FONHEP to perform any of its obligations
under the Subsidiary Agreement.

      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of FONHEP or for the suspension of its operations.

      (e)   The UNDP Agreement shall have failed to become effective
by March 30, 1992, or such later date as the Association may agree;
provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph shall not
apply if the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
Association that adequate funds for the Project are available to the
Borrower from other sources on terms and conditions consistent with
the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.

      (f)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:

                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                         the terms thereof, or

                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity there-
                         of.

            (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                   faction of the Association that:

                   (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                         or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                         of the Borrower to perform any of its
                         obligations under such agreement; and

                   (B)   adequate funds for the Project are avail-
                         able to the Borrower from other sources on
                         terms and conditions consistent with the
                         obligations of the Borrower under this
                         Agreement.

      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (a) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:

      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of
60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Associa-
tion to the Borrower;

      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) or (e) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and

      (c)   any event specified in paragraph (f) (i) (B) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (f) (ii) of that Section.

                             ARTICLE VII

                     Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:

      (a)   the Borrower and FONHEP shall have respectively
established the MENJS Subproject Account, the FONHEP Subproject
Account, and the Borrower shall have made the deposits referred to
in paragraphs (a) (i) (B) and (a) (ii) (B) of Section 3.03 of this
Agreement;

      (b)   the Subsidiary Agreement has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and FONHEP; and

      (c)   the Borrower shall have established the Coordination
Committee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 5 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.

      Section 7.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Subsidiary Agreement
has been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and FONHEP and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and FONHEP in accordance with
its terms.

      Section 7.03. The date December 19, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.

      Section 7.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Articles
III and V of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on
which this Agreement shall terminate or on the date 15 years after
the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.

                             ARTICLE VIII

            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses

      Section 8.01. The Minister of Economy and Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.

      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:

      For the Borrower:

            Ministry of Economy and Finance
            Palais des Ministcres
            Port-au-Prince
            Haiti

                                             Telex:

                                              20347
                                              FINANCE

      For the Association:

            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America

            Cable address:                  Telex:

                  INDEVAS                     248423   (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.             82987   (FTCC)
                                               64145   (WUI) or
                                              197688   (TRT)

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.



                           REPUBLIC OF HAITI



                           By /s/ Harold Joseph
                                            Authorized Representative



                           INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION



                           By /s/ Ping-Cheung Loh
                                       Acting Regional Vice President
                                      Latin America and the Caribbean

                                SCHEDULE 1

              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:

                                Amount of the
                              Credit Allocated          % of
                                (Expressed in       Expenditures
      Category                 SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Goods and Furniture                 )        100% of foreign
                                          )        expenditures,
      (a) for the MENJS          1,720,000)        100% of local
          Subproject                      )        expenditures
                                          )        (ex-factory
      (b) for the FONHEP           160,000)        cost) and 85%
          Subproject                      )        of local expen-
                                          )        ditures for other
                                          )        items procured
                                          )        locally
(2)   Civil Works                                  100%

      (a) for the MENJS           1,350,000
          Subproject

      (b) for the FONHEP            160,000
          Subproject

                                 Amount of the
                              Credit Allocated          % of
                                (Expressed in       Expenditures
      Category                 SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(3)   Operating Costs               520,000        100%
      and Travel Costs
      of Eligible Public
      Pedagogical Advisors
(4)   Travel Costs of             2,150,000        100%
      Eligible Schools
      Pedagogical Advisors,
      and Salary Supple-
      ments
(5)   Consultants'                                100%
      Services and
      Training

      (a) for the MENJS         1,850,000
          Subproject

      (b) for the FONHEP           70,000
          Subproject
(6)   (a) Consultants'            220,000         100%
          Services for
          the Survey
          Subproject

      (b) Goods for the            70,000         100% of foreign
          Survey Sub-                             expenditures, 100%
          project                                 of local expendi-
                                                  tures (ex-factory
                                                  cost) and 85% of
                                                  local expenditures
                                                  for other items
                                                  procured locally
(7)   Unallocated               1,130,000

          TOTAL                 9,400,000
                                =========
2.     For the purposes of this Schedule:

      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;

      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;

      (c)   the term "Operating Costs" means salaries of the PIU
technical staff, costs of operating the office where the PIU is
located, travel expenses of the PIU's technical staff within Haiti,
and travel expenses and materials for three educational conferences
to be held by MENJS;

      (d)   the term "Travel Costs of Eligible Public Pedagogical
Advisors" means the travel costs of 42 Eligible Public Pedagogical
Advisors for travel made until September 30, 1993;

      (e)   the term "Travel Costs of Eligible Schools Pedagogical
Advisors" means the travel costs of 42 Eligible Schools Pedagogical
Advisors for travel made until September 30, 1993; and

      (f)   the term "Salary Supplements" means the $10 equivalent
supplement per month to be paid to teachers, supervisors and school
principals of Eligible Schools who have enrolled in a training
program acceptable to the Association.

3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made: (a) for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b) in respect
of expenditures under Parts B (1) (a), (c) and (d), B (2) (a) and
(b) of the Project until the proceeds allocated under the Prior
Agreement have been fully disbursed, committed or cancelled.

                              SCHEDULE 2

                     Description of the Project

      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to assist the Borrower
in the preparation of a sustainable education sector policy and
investment program; (b) to consolidate the benefits of investments
in the primary education sector for the improvement of the quality
of education; and (c) to improve the resource management capacity of
MENJS and private primary education schools with limited resources
serving low-income students.

      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:

Part A:     Policy Development

      Preparation of action plans designed:
1.    To improve the quality of delivering primary education
services, to address, inter alia, the causes for the high proportion
of overage students and the high dropout rate, and to improve the
delivery of in-service training.

2.    To define the financial flows for the education sector and in
particular for primary education, to identify sources of financing
to cover the educational costs thereof, and to improve the use of
the resources obtained from the delivery of primary education
services.

3.    To improve the effectiveness and efficiency of institutions in
the Borrower's education sector including, inter alia, MENJS and
FONHEP.

4.    To develop: (a) construction and maintenance standards and, to
define technical specifications for the maintenance of primary
education schools; and (b) administrative and financing schemes for
primary education school construction and maintenance in the sector.

5.    Design and implementation of a pilot and a general living
standards measurement survey, the results of which will be utilized
by MENJS and the remaining of the Borrower's ministries.

Part B:     Primary Education Quality Improvement

1.    Instructional delivery in public primary education schools

      (a)   Technical assistance to assess the needs of quality
improvement in the delivery of education services and to develop
written and audiovisual materials.

      (b)   Advance training of about 6 staff members of MENJS in
issues related to the delivery of educational services.

      (c)   Training about 1000 teachers, about 20 trainers of
trainers, about 10 district directors and 10 inspectors of public
primary education schools.

      (d)   Provision and utilization of equipment and materials for
the training of public-schools teachers, district directors, and
trainers of trainers of public schools.

      (e)   Acquisition, distribution and utilization of textbooks
for about 35,000 students, teachers guides for about 1000 teachers,
and record-keeping and programming materials for about 250 public
schools.

2.    Eligible Schools Improvement

      (a)   Training of about 700 principals and about 5,400
teachers at Eligible Schools.

      (b)   Provision and utilization of equipment and materials for
the training of teachers at Eligible Schools.

      (c)   Acquisition, distribution and utilization of textbooks
for about 35,000 students as well as teachers' guides for about
5,400 teachers.

      (d)   Training of about 42 Eligible Private Pedagogical
Advisors at Eligible Schools.

      (e)   Acquisition and utilization of 42 motorcycles for use in
supervising the educational quality of Eligible Schools.

      (f)   Advance training of 2 staff members of FONHEP in issues
related to the delivery of educational services.

3.    Achievement Testing

      Carrying out of achievement tests:

      (a)   to fourth grade students of 500 public schools to assess
the quality of educational services provided by such schools; and

      (b)   to students in about 2,500 primary education schools in
the public and private sector upon completion and review of the
results of the survey referred to in (a) above.

4.    School Reconstructions

      (a)   Reconstruction of about nine Public Schools Eligible for
Civil Works and rehabilitation of about 33 Public Schools Eligible
for Civil Works.

      (b)   Reconstruction of three Eligible Schools Eligible for
Civil Works, rehabilitation of three Eligible Schools Eligible for
Civil Works, and rehabilitation of two teacher training centers.

      (c)   Provision and utilization of furniture and equipment for
the schools referred to in (a) above and about 70 public primary
education schools acceptable to the Association.

      (d)   Provision and utilization of furniture and equipment for
the schools referred to in (b) above.

Part C:      Resource Management

      (a)   Technical assistance to MENJS for setting up a unified
personnel management system and to support basic record keeping and
budgeting.

      (b)   Acquisition and utilization of computer equipment for
MENJS personnel and statistics office at headquarters and for MENJS
regional offices.

      (c)   Improvement of the administrative and accounting
procedures of FONHEP and selected Eligible Schools.

                               *   *   *

      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1995.

                               SCHEDULE 3
                Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods and Works

Part A:      International Competitive Bidding

      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods (including
textbooks) shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).

Part B:      Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Haiti may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.

Part C:       Other Procurement Procedures

1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $20,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $350,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.

2.    Civil works shall be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.

Part D:       Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions

1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:

      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, and with respect of the
first two contracts each for goods and works procured following the
procedures of Part C hereof, the procedures set forth in para-
graphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.

      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.

      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.

3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.

Section II.    Employment of Consultants

      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.

                               SCHEDULE 4

                        Implementation Program
A.    Actions To be taken by the Borrower               Date (by)

1.    (a) Maintain a Project implementation
      unit with powers and responsibili-
      ties, and staffing, satisfactory
      to the Association, including
      without limitation an executive
      director, a Project controller, and
      a procurement/disbursement assistant,
      all with qualifications and
      experience satisfactory to the
      Association.

      (b) Provide all funds and other                   At all times
      resources as shall be needed for                  during Pro-
      the operation of such unit.                       ject imple-
                                                   mentation

     (c) Without limitation to sub-
     paragraphs (a) and (b) above,
     allocate at least:

     (i)   (A) $30,000 equivalent;                 (A) October
           and (B) $150,000 equivalent             1, 1991; and
           to finance, inter alia, salaries        (B) October
           related to, and printing and            1, 1992 and
           administration of, an                   each October
           end-of-first cycle examinations         1 of each
           in schools; and                         year there-
                                                   after

     (ii) $100,000 equivalent to                   October 1
          finance the travel expenses of           each fiscal
          Eligible Public School                   year
          Pedagogical Advisors after
          October 1, 1993.
2.   Furnish to the Association action
     plans, satisfactory to the
     Association, prepared respectively
     under Parts A.1, A.2 and A.3 of               December
     the Project.                                  31, 1992
3.   (a) Complete the design of both the
     pilot and the general surveys to be
     carried out under Part A.5 of the             June 30,
     Project.                                      1993

     (b) Complete implementation of
     the pilot survey referred to in               June 30,
     Part A.5 of the Project.                      1994

     (c) Complete implementation of the
     general survey referred to in                 June 30,
     Part A.5 of the Project.                      1995
4.   (a) Furnish to the Association an
     analysis of the payroll redundancies
     in the education sector and an action
     plan, indicating ratios of operating
     expenses to salaries, all satisfactory
     to the Association, to eliminate the
     redundancies referred to above by             December 31,
     June 30, 1992.                                1991

     (b) Carry out the plan referred to            As specified
     in 4 (a) above.                               in the plan

     (c) Computerize the education sector          December 31,
     payroll.                                      1992

     (d) Furnish to the Association the
     Borrower's proposed budget for the
     education sector, showing, inter alia,        Three months
     that the ratios of operating expenses         before the
     to salaries meet the targets set forth        end of each
     in the plan referred to in 4 (a) above.       fiscal year

     (e) Provide in its annual budgets, and make
     available promptly as needed for the
     financing of recurrent expenditures of
     its primary education program an amount
     of no less than gourdes 3,900,000, adjusted
     to take into account the variations of the
     price index each year as published by
     the Central Bank in its quarterly
     Bulletin de la Banque de la
     Republique d'Haiti, Indice du Coct            August 31
     de la vie.                                     each year

     (f) Without limitation to the provisions       Two months
     to Section 9.01 of the General Conditions,     before the
     review with the Association the progress       end of each
     made in the implementation of the MENJS        fiscal year
     Subproject and the Survey Subproject.
5.   Establish and thereafter maintain,
     under terms and conditions satisfactory to
     the Association, a coordination committee
     to, inter alia:

     (a) make recommendations to
     the PIU on, and review and approve terms of
     reference of, the consultants to be hired
     to prepare the action plans under Part A (1)
     through (4) of the Project; and

     (b) assist in the technical supervision of
     such consultant and ensure consistency
     between the action plans to be prepared        At all
     under such Parts of the Project.               times
6.   Without limitation to the provisions           March 1,
     of Section 9.06 of the General Con-            June 30,
     ditions, furnish to the Association,           September 30
     progress reports of the MENJS Subproject.      and December
                                                    31 each year
B.   Actions to be taken by FONHEP

1.   Carry out a training plan, satisfactory
     to the Association, for pedagogical
     advisors and regional administrative           As specified
     staff.                                         in such plan
2.   (a) Enter into agreements, or make other       Before
     arrangements, satisfactory to the              signing a
     Association, with the communities              contract for
     involved in, and to benefit from,              the provi-
     the reconstruction and rehabilitation          sions of
     of Eligible Schools Eligible for               services
     Civil Works under Part B.4 (b) of the          under Part
     Project, providing, inter alia, for            B.4 (a) of
     their obligations to make the land             the Project
     available, to fence and to terrace             for the and
     the property concerned.                        respective
                                                    community

     (b) Enter into an agreement with each          Before
     Eligible School, under terms and               commen-
     conditions satisfactory to the                 cing any
     Association, setting forth their               activities
     respective obligations in the carrying         for the
     out of, and benefitting from the Project.      benefit of
                                                    the Eligible
                                                    School
                                                    concerned

     (c) Comply with the                            As specified
     provisions of each of the                      in such
     agreements referred to in (a) and              agreements
     (b) above.

3.   (a) Maintain a staffing
     structure, satisfactory to
     the Association, including
     without limitation the
     positions of technical
     staff and controller,
      with qualifications and
      experience satisfactory to
      the Association.                                At all times

      (b) Without limitation to sub-
      paragraph (a) above,
      allocate at least $100,000
      equivalent to finance selected                  Each fiscal
      FONHEP salaries.                                year
4.    Without limitation to the
      provisions of Section 9.01 of
      the General Conditions, review                  Two months
      with the Association the progress               before the
      made by FONHEP in the imple-                    end of each
      mentation of the FONHEP Subproject.             fiscal year
5.    Without limitation to the provisions            March 31,
      of Section 9.06 of the General                  June 30,
      Conditions, furnish to the Association          September 30
      progress reports of the FONHEP Subproject.      and December
                                                      31 each year


                            SCHEDULE 5

                    Terms and Conditions of the
                       Subsidiary Agreement
1.    The Subsidiary Agreement shall provide, inter alia, the
following rights and obligations:

      (a)   the transfer by the Borrower of the proceeds of the
Credit allocated for the FONHEP Subproject to FONHEP, as a grant, in
such amounts as it shall be required by FONHEP for the carrying out
of the FONHEP Subproject;

      (b)   FONHEP's obligation to carry out the FONHEP Subproject:
with due diligence and efficiency and in accordance with sound
administrative, educational, economic, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices, the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the FONHEP Subproject all as provided in
the Development Credit Agreement;

      (c)   the requirement that: (i) the goods and services of the
FONHEP Subproject to be financed from the proceeds of the Credit
shall be procured in accordance with Schedule 3 of the Development
Credit Agreement; and (ii) such goods and services shall be used
exclusively in the carrying out of the FONHEP Subproject;

      (d)   the right of the Borrower through MENJS to inspect, by
itself, or jointly with representatives of the Association, if the
Association shall so request, the facilities, sites, works, plants
and construction included in the FONHEP Subproject, the operations
thereof, and any relevant records and documents;

      (e)   the right of the Borrower through MENJS to obtain all
such information as the Borrower through MENJS or the Association
shall reasonably request regarding the foregoing, the administra-
tion, operations and financial condition of the FONHEP Subproject
and the benefits to be derived from the FONHEP Subproject;

      (f)   the right of the Borrower to suspend or terminate the
right of FONHEP to use the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by
FONHEP to perform any of its obligations under the Subsidiary
Agreement;

      (g)   the specific goods, works and services to be provided by
FONHEP for purposes of the FONHEP Subproject; and

      (h)   the specific obligations referred to in Articles III and
IV (as they apply to FONHEP) and Section 5.01 of, and Part B of
Schedule 4 to, the Development Credit Agreement.

                             SCHEDULE 6

                       Eligibility Criteria

      The following are the applicable eligibility requirements for
Public Schools Eligible for Civil Works, Eligible Schools Eligible
for Civil Works, Eligible Public Pedagogical Advisors and Eligible
Schools Pedagogical Advisors.

Part 1.     Public Schools Eligible for Civil Works

      Public schools with schooling operating costs per student of
less than $100 equivalent, the buildings of which have reached a
stage of deterioration representing a hazard for teachers and
students, not exceeding in the aggregate:

      (a)   one primary education public school per geographical
department in the Borrower's territory for reconstruction under Part
B.4 (a) of the Project;

      (b)   two primary education public schools per school district
and three other acceptable to the Association for rehabilitation
under Part B.4 (a) of the Project; and

      (c)   one basic secondary education school per school district
for rehabilitation under Part B.4 (a) of the Project.

Part 2.     Eligible Schools Eligible for Civil Works

1.    Eligible Schools not exceeding in the aggregate two managed by
the catholic church, two by the protestant missions, and two by non-
confessional organizations.

2.    Eligible Schools which:

      (a)   are no less than three years old;

       (b)  have a principal and a school board who consent to be
supervised on financial management as well as on education prac-
tices;

      (c)   use FONHEP's standards and financial and administrative
tools, which include, inter alia: accounting books, a payroll
registry, a budget and financial account book, and attendance record
for teachers and students, a lessons plan notebook per class, a
record file per student, and a curricular file per grade; and

      (d)   are not to receive similar financial assistance from any
other external donor.

Part 3.     Eligible Public Pedagogical Advisors

      (a)   two per school district;

      (b)   have a professional certificate of aptitude (CAP)
equivalent, have been trained by the Borrower's Institut Pedagogique
National (IPN) and/or have been trained following the curriculum
developed by IPN in 1982; and

      (c)   have no less than 3 years of experience.
Part 4.     Eligible Schools Pedagogical Advisors

      (a)   have a professional certificate of aptitude (CAP) or
equivalent and have 5 years of experience, or have a secondary level
diploma or have a diploma from a normal school; and

      (b)   be a director and not an owner of a school or teach in
an Eligible School.
