Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3903 HU
                             Project Agreement
                    (Budapest Urban Transport Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                        BUDAPEST TRANSPORT COMPANY
                           Dated October 2, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3903 HU
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 2, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BUDAPEST
TRANSPORT COMPANY (BKV).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Municipality of Budapest (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount
in various currencies equivalent to thirty-eight million
dollars ($38,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that BKV agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by an agreement referred to in Section 3.01 (d) of
the Loan Agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
BKV, part of the proceeds of the loan provided for under the
Loan Agreement will be made available to BKV on the terms and
conditions set forth in such agreement; and
      WHEREAS BKV, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to
this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. BKV declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A and
B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for Parts A
and B of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.03. BKV shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts A and
B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. BKV shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Special Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BKV shall not take or concur in any action which would
have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Special Agreement, or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) BKV shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Special Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   BKV shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by BKV of its obligations under this Agreement or
the Special Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of BKV
      Section 3.01. BKV shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. BKV shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. BKV shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
Page  3
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) BKV shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   BKV shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                  said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements, as well as the audit thereof, as
                  the Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BKV shall, from time to time, as required on its part,
cause to be taken, all such measures as shall be required to
produce, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal year
ending on December 31, 1994, gross revenue from all sources
equivalent to not less than the following percentages of BKV's
total operating expenses: 37% in 1995, 41% in 1996, 43% in
1997, 45% in 1998, 47% in 1999 and 50% in 2000 and the
following years.
      (b)   Before August 31 in each of its fiscal years, BKV
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by BKV in accordance
with a methodology satisfactory to the Bank, review the
adequacy of its tariffs to generate gross revenue to meet the
requirements set forth in the preceding paragraph (a) in
respect of such year and the next following fiscal year, and
shall furnish to the Bank the results of such review upon its
completion. If any such review shows that BKV would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section
during the current or next following year, BKV shall promptly
inform the Bank of the measures proposed to be taken to achieve
such requirements.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "gross revenues from all sources"
                  means the sum of revenues from all sources
                  related to BKV's operations, net non-operating
                  income, but excluding VAT and any subsidies and
                  grants from the Guarantor and the Borrower; and
           (ii)   the term "total operating expenses" means the
                  sum of all expenses related to BKV's
                  operations, but including inter alia:  (a)
                  adequate maintenance and administration, (b)
                  provision for depreciation based upon fixed
                  assets revalued from time to time in accordance
                  with sound and consistently maintained methods
                  of valuation satisfactory to the Bank, and (c)
                  all taxes or payments in lieu of taxes except
Page  4
                  VAT related to BKV's operations, but excluding
                  interest and other charges on debt and
                  repayment of loans.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BKV shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable
forecast of the revenues and expenditures of BKV shows that the
estimated net revenues of BKV for each fiscal year during the
term of the debt to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the
estimated debt service requirements of BKV in such year on all
debt of BKV, including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of BKV
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                  a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the
                  date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
                  date the agreement providing for such guarantee
                  has been entered into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations and net non-
                        operating income (including operating
                        subsidies and grants) but excluding VAT;
                        and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                        operations, including administration,
                        adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                        in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                        for depreciation, other non-cash charges
                        and interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations, but excluding any
                        capital transfer from the Guarantor and
                        the Borrower; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
      Section 4.04. BKV shall implement an action plan,
acceptable to the Bank, to reduce fare evasion to 7% of gross
receipts from fares during 1997 and the following years,
improve its operational productivity and separate its non-core
activities.
      Section 4.05. During execution of the Project: (i) BKV
shall afford the Bank an opportunity to review its proposed
investment plan for the following year by December 31 of each
year; and (ii) except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, BKV
shall not undertake any new investment in excess of an
aggregate amount and the equivalent of $5 million unless its
economic rate of return is at least 10% as calculated in
accordance with a method acceptable to the Bank.
                                 ARTICLE V
Page  5
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of BKV thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify BKV thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For BKV:
            Akacfa u. 15
            1072 Budapest
            Republic of Hungary
                                          Telex:
                                             226325
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of BKV may be taken or executed
by the Director General or such other person or persons as the
Director General shall designate in writing, and BKV shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
Page  6
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                  BUDAPEST TRANSPORT COMPANY
                  By /s/ Botand Aba
                                                Authorized Representative
