Report No. PID10715
Project Name                     JAMAICA-HIV/AIDS PREVENTION AND ... @
CONTROL PROJECT
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           HIV/AIDS
Project ID                       JMPE74641
Borrower(s)                      JAMAICA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF HEALTH
Address: 2-4, King Street,
Oceana Building, Ministry of Health,
Kingston, Jamaica, West Indies
Contact Person: Deanna Ashley,
Principal Medical Officer
Tel: (876) 967-1100
Fax: (876) 967-1280
Email: dashley@epi.org.jm
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                December 10, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date           December 5, 2001
Projected Board Date             January 29, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Main Sector IssuesHIV/AIDS: Prevalence, Incidence and Case Fatality. With
an HIV prevalence rate of 2t, the Caribbean is the region hardest hit by
the epidemic outside Sub-Saharan Africa. Jamaica is one of the Caribbean
countries where the epidemic has spread from high-risk groups to the
general population. The others are Bahamas, Barbados, the Dominican
Republic, Guyana and Haiti. It is estimated that around 1.5-2w of the
adult population (or from 24,000 to 32,000 people) are living with
HIV/AIDS in Jamaical. This represents the third largest population of
people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) in the Caribbean after Haiti and the
Dominican Republic. Since Jamaica's first AIDS case in 1982, a total of
5,099 AIDS cases have been reported, of which 50t were recorded in the
last four years. Little is known about the direction of the epidemic
since HIV incidence data is all but unavailable; new AIDS cases only give
a retrospective indication of the direction of the epidemic. It is,
however, known that HIV incidence is very high among young people and
women. Reported new infections in adolescents have been doubling each year
since 1995. This has resulted in higher prevalence among the young: 2.5w
and 2.0w in the 15-19 and 25-29 age groups respectively. Lack of access to
antiretrovirals compounded by inadequate nutrition and unsystematic access
to treatment for opportunistic infections amount to a high case-fatality
rate. In 1999, 549 AIDS deaths were reported, representing a fatality
rate of 60%. Given that eighty-five percent of HIV/AIDS cases occur among
individuals who are in their productive years (ages 20 to 59), there is
almost a direct correlation between infection and economic duress at



household level.HIV Transmission Patterns. Heterosexual contacts seem to
be the most important mode of HIV transmission in Jamaica, accounting for
61t of cumulative reported AIDS cases. Mother-to-child transmission (MTCT)
accounts for 8t of cases, which is higher than the Caribbean's average
(5%). Although men who have sex with men (MSM) reportedly correspond to 6%
of AIDS cases, this group is likely to account for a higher proportion
than is reported, given the strong stigma attached to homosexuality.
Around 25% of the AIDS cases, the majority of which (80%) are male, are
reported as "unknown transmission." Intravenous drug use is reported as
an insignificant mode of HIV transmission in Jamaica. The high
heterosexual transmission rate has narrowed the gender difference in
HIV/AIDS over the years, with the male-to-female AIDS case ratio dropping
from 6:1 in the 1980s to 1.6:1 at present. In the 10-14 and 15-19 age
groups, HIV infections among females are respectively 2 and 3 times higher
than males.  Women have represented around 40% of all AIDS cases since the
start of the epidemic. However, male-to-male transmission appears to
remain high. All age groups are affected by the HIV epidemic, especially
the population of working age.HIV transmission is high in tourist areas
such as St. Ann and St. James, where prevalence rates among antenatal
clinic (ANC) attendees are 2.6% and 1.3% respectively.    Kingston, the
capital city, also has high prevalence (2.5%).HIV Risk factors. There
exist numerous risk factors for a more generalized epidemic in
Jamaica:Epidemiological: Despite the decline in the syphilis rate, the
prevalence of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) remains high with 27%
of women attending family planning clinics reported to have at least one
STI. STIs have a strong association to HIV infection in Jamaica: 39% of
PLWHA have a previous history of STI.Behavioral: Early initiation into
risky sexual activities among young people is prevalent. In 1996, 41% of
male adolescents in the 12-14 age group reported sexual activity. Other
behavioral risk factors include multiplicity of sexual partners, the
machismo culture which tolerates male promiscuity, and forces homosexuals
and bisexuals into hiding. Social: Stigma and discrimination against
HIV/AIDS patients are prevalent. Only one in three Jamaicans reports
having an accepting attitude toward PLWHA. Stigma and discrimination
against the disease prevent open, frank discussions on HIV/AIDS in
society, undermining prevention and care efforts. Other contributing
social risk factors include gender inequality, unstable family structures
and commercial sex work (CSW) which exists in both sexes. Poverty, known
to increase people's vulnerability to HIV/AIDS, is widespread in Jamaica,
where 18.7% of the population lives below the poverty line. Institutional:
Social risk factors are enhanced by the lack of a supportive legal
framework to protect the human rights of PLWHA, their families, and
vulnerable groups -- especially MSM and CSW (homosexuality and commercial
sex work are illegal in Jamaica).Health and socioeconomic impacts of
HIV/AIDS. The generalized HIV/AIDS epidemic poses a severe health threat
to Jamaica. HIV/AIDS and STI are already the second leading cause of
death for both men and women in the age group of 30-34 years in Jamaica
and the number of AIDS orphans is on the rise. According to a CAREC-UWI
study [K. Theodore (2000), "HIV/AIDS in the Caribbean: Economic Issues --
Impact and Investment Response", paper submitted to the WHO Working Group
of the Commission on Macroeconomics and Health], by 2005 the epidemic
would cost Jamaica as much as 6.4% of its GDP (equivalent to J$70 billion
in 1997 terms). However, some studies on the impact of HIV/AIDS on growth
in Africa tend to conclude to a more modest though not negligible impact.
One such study [M. Haacker (2001), "The Economic Consequences of HIV/AIDS
-2 -



in Southern Africa," IMF (draft)], suggests that the expected impact on
the rate of growth of per capita GDP in countries with a prevalence rate
around 2t would be of the order of -0.2w per annum. Even if the net
macroeconomic consequence of HIV/AIDS in Jamaica is much smaller than that
suggested by the CAREC-UWI study, the impact on individual poor households
affected by HIV/AIDS could nevertheless be devastating. Treatment is very
expensive, far exceeding the ability to pay of most Jamaicans, and can
drive families into poverty.Government StrategyThe Government of Jamaica
(GOJ) responded quickly to the epidemic by setting up a comprehensive
HIV/STI control program (the National STI/AIDS Program or NAP) in the late
1980s. A National AIDS Committee (NAC) was also established in 1988 to
advise the MOH on policy issues and mobilize different sectors of the
society in the fight against HIV/AIDS. Under the NAC umbrella, Parish AIDS
Committees (PAC) have been formed in all 14 parishes to spearhead the
community response. The NAP has so far designed and implemented four
short/medium-term plans (1988, 1989-1991, 1992-1996, and 1997-2001). An
HIV/AIDS National Strategic Plan for 2002-20062 has been developed and
approved by Cabinet (see Annex 16). The UN and Partners Theme Group on
HIV/AIDS in Jamaica has also been actively supporting the national
response through policy and technical advice and the development of an
Integrated Plan of Action for Jamaica. The past four short/medium-term
plans have emphasized: (a) IEC at the community levels for the prevention
of HIV and STIs; (b) condom social marketing and distribution; (c)
ensuring a safe blood supply; (d) making STI, HIV infection and AIDS
notifiable conditions, with partner notification and contact tracing; and
(e) strengthening the technical and administrative capacity of the NAP at
the central and regional levels.These strategies have yielded quite
remarkable results, among which: (a) a high level of HIV/AIDS awareness in
the general public (95.6w of the adult population know at least two
methods of HIV prevention); (b) an increase in condom use with non-regular
partners, especially for women (from 37T in 1992 to 67T in 2000); (c) a
decrease in the proportion of people reporting non-regular partners
(between 1996-2000, in the 20-29 age group, multiple partners decreased
from 36.9w to 31.8w for males, and from 7.0w to 5.2w for females); (d) a
slight rise in the median age of sexual initiation (between 1996-2000, the
median age of sexual debut rose from 13 to 14 for males, but it remained
14 for females); (e) a marked decline in syphilis prevalence (from 90 per
100,000 reported cases in 1987 to 10 per 100,000 in 2000); and (f) a
relatively safe blood supply (only 5 reported cases of AIDS transmitted
through blood transfusion from 1982 to 2000).These successes have
contributed to containing the epidemic: Jamaica has not seen the
exponential progression of the epidemic that was feared in the late
1980s. However, the epidemic is yet far from having stabilized or
reverted. As the figure below indicates, the number of AIDS cases and
deaths has increased steadily since the start of the epidemic.A situation
analysis was conducted for the National Strategic Plan for 2002-2006.
Past strategies were found to contain certain shortcomings, which have
prevented an even greater impact on the epidemic than what has been
obtained. A first set of issues revolves around the inadequate
mobilization of a truly multisectoral response: other sectors, NGOs and
the private sector were sorely under utilized in the planning and
implementation of HIV/AIDS activities, and there was no capacity building
outside the Ministry of Health. The Ministry of Health cannot mount an
effective response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic without the active
participation of actors who are able to generate behavior changes in the
-3 -



population. A second set of issues relates to the lack of leadership at
highest levels of government and civil society. Stigma and discrimination
have prevailed partly because of this lack of policy attention. Among the
consequences of discrimination has been the insufficient focus on
prevention interventions targeted at marginalized high-risk groups (who
are the main recipients and transmitters of the virus) . Past responses
also failed to develop and implement a comprehensive policy and program
for treatment, care and support of PLWHA (including legal protection),
thereby further contributing to the climate of discrimination and stigma.
Finally, it was felt that insufficient attention had been paid to
strengthening the surveillance system to allow better and more timely
understanding of the behaviors driving the epidemic.The National Strategic
Plan for 2002-2006, deriving from the situation analysis summarized above,
purports to create the conditions for a more open, tolerant and supportive
society regarding HIV and PLWHA and to strengthen the national response
through multisectoral and coordinated partnerships for planning and
implementation. The NSP also calls for an increase in access to quality
care, treatment and support for people living with HIV/AIDS. Effecting
behavior change among high-risk and vulnerable groups constitutes the core
of the NSP's prevention strategy. Another priority axis of the NSP is to
understand the trends of HIV/AIDS over time and the behavior driving the
epidemic so as to better plan prevention and care efforts to reduce the
impact.l/ There is a substantial discrepancy between the prevalence rate
given by the Jamaican National AIDS Program (1.5%) and UNAIDS (0.77T).
Consultations are under way to harmonize the prevalence data among
different sources.2/ Jamaica HIV/AIDS National Strategic Plan 2002-2006.
October 2001. Kingston, Jamaica.
2. Objectives
This project is part of the Multi-Country HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control
Adaptable Program Lending (APL) for the Caribbean Region which provides
loans and/or credits to governments in the Region to finance their
HIV/AIDS Programs. Jamaica has met the five eligibility criteria for
country participation (see Section D.4) and is ready to be included in the
second phase of the APL.The project aims to support selected activities of
Jamaica's National HIV/AIDS Strategic Plan (NSP) . Using a multisectoral
approach, it would assist the Government of Jamaica (GOJ) in (a) curbing
the spread of the HIV epidemic by scaling up preventive programs targeted
to high-risk groups, and expanding awareness about HIV/AIDS among the
general population; (b) improving treatment, care and support; and (c)
strengthening Jamaica's multisectoral capacity to respond to the epidemic.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The rationale for World Bank's involvement includes: The Bank has vast
experience in working across sectors, giving it a comparative advantage in
supporting a multisectoral response to HIV/AIDS in Jamaica. The Bank has
been instrumental in translating the NSP's objective of fostering a
multisectoral approach into an implementation plan that can be monitored
and evaluated. The project creates a number of instruments (contracting,
subprojects, workplans) that will allow strategic partners to be involved
in project implementation.The World Bank is well positioned to make
regional and international experiences available to the project. It has
already financed HIV/AIDS activities in more than 80 countries and has
accumulated substantial experience in the design, implementation and
evaluation of HIV/AIDS programs. Bank's experience in Argentina, Brazil,
- 4 -



the Caribbean (Barbados, Dominican Republic) and various countries in
Africa (Senegal, Madagascar) was brought to bear in at various times and
in various ways during project preparation. The project would provide new
resources to scale up successful cost-effective HIV/AIDS prevention
activities, especially those targeted at high-risk marginalized groups.
The amount involved is substantial compared to the current budgetary
allocations for the HIV/AIDS, providing GOJ needed headroom to address
current needs as well as undertake some structural and institutional
improvements that would make the national HIV/AIDS program more
sustainable in the long run.The project will permit the Government to
flesh out a coordinated treatment and care response that will include
universal access to palliative care and treatment of opportunistic
infections. The project also helps build the infrastructure (training,
laboratory capacity, testing, etc.) needed for introducing ARV.The project
will help consolidate the investments made by a number of other donors and
cooperation agencies in HIV/AIDS (especially USAID, UNICEF, and PAHO) by
mobilizing all partners to work under a GOJ-led developmental framework
for HIV/AIDS. Collaboration with USAID has been particularly successful;
the proposed project even shares monitoring indicators with the USAID
program.
4. Description
Interventions financed by the project are grouped into three
components.Component 1: Reducing HIV transmission, especially by
targeting high-risk groups and reducing stigma-US$7.49 million (50% of
loan amount). This component firmly focuses on the prevention in those
population groups that are most at risk of being infected or of
transmitting the infection. In Jamaica these include commercial sex
workers (10%-20% prevalence), men who have sex with other men (25%
prevalence), prison inmates (12% prevalence) and persons with past
exposure to sexually transmissible infections (6% prevalence). A variety
of partners (NGOs, other Ministries, PLWHA, etc) would be involved in
reaching these populations. Such partnerships have been shown to be
effective in reaching out to marginalized high-risk groups in many
countries. The project would support activities such as identifying and
working with informal networks among these high-risk groups, developing
strategies to increase their demand for HIV/AIDS services, outreach
programs, training of peer educators, strengthening drop-in centers with
Voluntary Counselling and Testing (VCT) and STI services for high-risk
groups, and strengthening STI syndromic management at primary care level.
This component seeks to target young people, especially girls, whose rate
of infection is higher than the national average. This would be done in a
variety of ways (peer education, training of teachers and counselors) and
in partnership with strategic partners (youth organizations, schools).
This component also supports the expansion of prevention of
mother-to-child HIV transmission (MTCT) which accounts for 8% of new
infections in Jamaica. The project would support the dissemination of the
MTCT protocol, the training of health workers in the application of this
protocol, universal (voluntary) screening for HIV at ante-natal clinics,
and providing pregnant HIV-positive women with MTCT interventions.
Although the blood transfusion system in Jamaica is reasonably safe (only
5 cases of HIV infection have been attributed to blood transfusions since
the start of the epidemic), it places excessive reliance on replacement
rather than voluntary donors. Since replacement donors are typically
riskier than voluntary donors, risks of infection through the blood
- 5 -



transfusion system potentially still exist. The project would thus
support a review and amendment of the national blood transfusion policy,
disseminate the revised national blood transfusion policy, and strengthen
the recruitment of voluntary blood donors.The project will contribute to
maintaining a high level of awareness and behavior change in the general
community and in those communities that display high prevalence rates.
The project will thus finance activities such as: mass media awareness
campaigns, behavior change communication, peer education, condom promotion
and increased condom availability in traditional and nontraditional
outlets; targeted community campaigns in high prevalence areas
(Kingston/St. Andrew, Hanover, St. Catherine, St. Ann, St. James,
Westmoreland), expanding VCT services at ANC clinics and supporting the
implementation of work place intervention programs. This component also
seeks to support interventions aimed at reducing stigma and discrimination
against PLWHA as well as high-risk groups such as MSM. Stigma and
discrimination are prevalent in Jamaica and make people unwilling to seek
testing and encourage the concealing of their HIV status, thus
contributing to driving the epidemic underground. Among other things, the
project seeks to identify strategic partners (the media, sports and pop
culture celebrities, religious, business and community leaders),
mobilizing their support for the cause and offering them training through
HIV/AIDS sensitization workshops. It will coordinate these partners in BCC
campaigns with a message against stigma and discrimination, and assist the
government to reinforce a legal framework/regulations for the protection
of human rights of PLWHA, their families and other vulnerable groups (for
PLWHA, this concerns confidentiality, employment, housing, assess to
quality and compassionate care, mandatory testing for employment insurance
and immigration). PLWHA will be involved (especially through JN+) in mass
media and community campaigns to put a human face to the disease and
sensitize the general population.Finally, this component will support
innovative demand-driven subprojects. NGOs, CBOs, and other eligible
implementing agencies would prepare subprojects (with appropriate
technical assistance) and submit them for funding. The selection criteria
and processes will be detailed in the Project Operation Manual.
Subprojects in areas where NGOs, CBOs, etc., have a comparative advantage
(e.g., reaching marginalized groups) would be of special interest to the
project.Component 2: Providing basic treatment, care and support for
PLWHA-US$ 3.33 million (229 of loan amount). Under this component, the
project would aim to increase the capacity to provide basic treatment,
care and support for PLWHA in Jamaica. The project would, once again,
seek partnerships outside the public health system to ensure effective
delivery of care and support. A first set of activities includes
developing and disseminating technical guidelines and operational
procedures for HIV/AIDS care and treatment (including the management of
common OIs, STIs and TB), training health workers in HIV/AIDS care and
treatment, disseminating best-practice guidelines, defining a package of
basic drugs for OI management, increasing the availability of and access
to such basic OI drugs at hospitals and STI clinics; and establishing an
HIV/AIDS/STI specialty center in each region with the capacity to provide
comprehensive ambulatory care for PLWHA. A second set of activities
centers on care and support outside the health system; this includes the
development of home care guidelines; training community health workers in
care and support for PLWHA, providing home care and support through visits
(by community health workers, NGOs, CBOs, churches) to PLWHA and their
families, establishing a network of social support for PLWHA, which is
- 6 -



integrated in the existing social safety net, strengthening and expanding
the hospice network, and establishing half-way care facilities. NGOs and
CBOs would be key in providing home and community care and support for
PLWHA in Jamaica. The project would enable NGOs and CBOs to deliver
HIV/AIDS care and support through technical and financial assistance as
well as capacity-building (the subproject mechanism would also apply for
these types of activities). A third set of activities centers on the
diagnostic infrastructure that underlies treatment and care. Improving
the capacity, efficiency and quality of the laboratory system thus
involves providing selected diagnostic equipment (hardware and software)
and test kits for HIV/AIDS and STIs, ensuring adequate staffs and skills,
developing operational guidelines for laboratory logistics, linking the
laboratory system through an integrated computer network; and improving
safe handling of medical material and waste through the provision of
incinerators, autoclaves, waste disposal supplies as well as training of
health workers. Component 3: Strengthening the national capacity for an
intensified response to the epidemic- US$ 4.18 million (289 of loan
amount).This component would aim to improve the technical, managerial and
implementation capacity of the key players within and outside the health
sector, in the government as well as in civil society who are involved in
the fight against HIV/AIDS. Activities would include enhancing the
planning, management and implementation capacity of the National
STI/HIV/AIDS Program at the regional and parish levels, strengthening the
role of the NAC, and the role of other line ministries, of private and
voluntary sectors, and of civil society. Specific activities would
include supporting the development of the HIV/AIDS work programs of the
regional health authorities, elevating the status of the NAC to a Working
Group for the National Planning Council on HIV/AIDS, strengthening the NAC
and PACs' capacity to coordinate, mobilize and support implementing
agencies in the fight against HIV/AIDS, coordinating and providing
technical assistance for the formulation of HIV/AIDS work plans in
relevant line ministries, and capacity building for NGOs and CBOs through
training and workshops.Part of an adequate response involves improving the
information base for better decision-making. To that effect, the project
will support the strengthening of the HIV/AIDS/STI surveillance system by
developing a surveillance plan, designing and implementing
second-generation surveillance (i.e., with an emphasis on behavioral
surveillance) for HIV/AIDS, especially among high-risk groups, setting up
an integrated data management system for National Public Health
Laboratories, hospital laboratories, STI and ANC clinics, sentinel
surveillance sites, and hospital pharmacies, and by increasing Jamaica's
capacity for operational research and dissemination of best practices in
priority areas of the National Strategic Plan for HIV/AIDS.     The
implementation of the surveillance system with an emphasis on behavioral
surveillance would be a key feature of the project. It would provide
information on where risky behaviors persist, so that the project's
prevention activities can adjusted in a timely fashion to the epidemic's
new directions, rather than reactively to where the epidemic has been. The
findings from the surveillance system will be regularly drawn upon by the
PIU to guide the implementation of project prevention activities.A
well-designed and functioning M&E system would be critical for the
implementation of the project to provide coordinated feedback to the
developers, implementation agencies, and decision makers at different
levels of the system. The PIU would be the coordinator of project
monitoring and evaluation, with support from the HIV/AIDS unit of the MOH,
- 7 -



any HIV/AIDS units established in other line ministries, UNAIDS/PAHO/WHO,
as part of their country assistance programs. Early in the project, an M&E
sub-unit would be established within the PIU. The M&E sub-unit would use
the core indicators in Annex 1 as its framework for M&E and develop a data
collecting system with formal links to other partners who have the
expertise for generation of information and analysis. An analysis of the
adequacy of the current system to generate the data required is summarized
in Annex 17. Every six months, the M&E sub-unit would compile and
consolidate data related to input/output indicators (i.e. expenditures and
disbursement data) into an implementation report (see Annex 17 for
dissemination strategy). It can also contract universities, NGOs,
independent firms or international agencies to conduct specific surveys
for the purpose of baseline and impact evaluation. The Annual
Implementation Review would involve the PIU, NAP, NAC, representatives of
NGOs, IBRD as well as key external partners such as USAID, CAREC and PAHO.
Mid-term and end-of-project evaluations will be conducted by an external
agency.This component also includes project management costs, including
payment for PIU staff, operating costs, office set up, technical
assistance, and training.
Component #1: Interventions to Reduce HIV Transmission, especially by
targeting high-risk groups and reducing stigma
Component #2: Basic Treatment, Care and Support
Component #3: Capacity Building and Institutional Strengthening
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER 1.47
IBRD 15
Total Project Cost 16.47
6. Implementation
Implementation period: 5 yearsInstitutional ArrangementsThe project will
be supported by institutional arrangements that will ensure leadership,
visibility and a multisectoral approach. These arrangements will include
the following:(a) Cabinet Ministers will be required to ensure that an
HIV/AIDS strategy and work plan is developed and implemented in each
Ministry (the first five will be key ministries of labor, education,
health, tourism, security and justice). Each Ministry will establish a
Focal Point on HIV/AIDS who will be the sector representative on the
National AIDS Committee and be responsible for coordination, sharing
information and ensuring integration with the National AIDS Program. To
develop strategies and work plans, the Project will finance strategic
planning workshops to be held before project effectiveness with key
Ministries. Ministries can submit work programs to the PIU for financing
and must show a willingness to match contributions. The Ministry of
Health, as the executing agency, will have a particularly important role
in the program. It houses the PIU and is responsible for technical
implementation of identified program areas in prevention, care and
treatment. The Ministry of Health would also be directly responsible for
supporting the development and financing of the HIV/AIDS work plans
submitted by the Regional Health Authorities.(b) The National Planning
Council (NPC) will be responsible for raising the profile of the HIV/AIDS
Program in the general public as well proposing policy recommendations to
Cabinet. The NPC is a multisectoral body consisting of representatives
- 8 -



from key ministries, private sector, unions and professional groups, that
advises Cabinet on social and economic development in Jamaica. NPC reports
to the Ministry of Finance through PIOJ and it is chaired by the Minister
of Finance as it deliberates on policy and legislative changes. The
Minister of Health is a member of the NPC and the National AIDS Committee
will be elevated in profile and resources in order to act as the NPC's
Working Group on HIV/AIDS. (c) The National AIDS Committee (NAC) will be
elevated in profile (to report to the NPC) and strengthened in resources
to ensure its role as the organization responsible for day to day
coordination of the multisectoral response to HIV/AIDS in Jamaica.
Established in 1988, it has de facto reported to the Minister of Health
and has not had the financial resources or leverage to ensure consistent
high level coordination and advocacy. In the last few years, USAID has
financed its core staff and basic program costs. The NAC will be
significantly strengthened through the IBRD project providing additional
funding to that of USAID, which will continue to support the NAC and
improve its ability to provide capacity building and coordination support
to Parish AIDS Committees. The NAC will have a new Chairman appointed by
the Prime Minister, revised executive structure (including a Director) and
additional staff to ensure implementing capacity (see Annex 11 for
details). The NAC will: (i) act as Working Group of the NPC on all matters
relating to HIV/AIDS; (ii) coordinate and facilitate the multisectoral
consultations on the national HIV/AIDS response; (iii) formulate policy
proposals and national response priorities based on multisectoral
consultation for discussion by the NPC and decision-making by Cabinet;
(iv) coordinate and assist Parish AIDS Committees (PACs) in their outreach
to communities by providing support to PACs for the development of work
programs, providing them with training and advisory services and other
forms of support to build medium-term sustainability; (v) provide
monitoring and evaluation of the strategic plans of Ministries and other
implementing agencies (NGOs, CBOs, FBOs); and (vi) ensure
knowledge-sharing and coordination among ministries, implementing agencies
and international organizations in respect of research, activities and
best practice to combat HIV/AIDS. (d) The Parish AIDS Committees will be
strengthened to ensure a parish level coordination, facilitation and
advisory facility, in addition to monitoring and evaluation of
community-based activities. Many PACS were established by health workers
or other interested individuals and operate only on a limited basis, while
others are actively engaged in awareness activities and fund raise
accordingly. The PACs have only recently been actively involved in the
national coordination exercise through the NAC. In future the role of the
PACs will be to (i) work in communities to generate awareness of the
HIV/AIDS epidemic and create ownership of the national response at a
parish level (ii) strengthen the parish capacity to respond to the
epidemic in prevention and care by building community partnerships and
coordinating the activities of implementing agencies in the parish; (iii)
support parish-based implementing agencies in the preparation, financing
(through applications for subprojects) and implementation of their
activities (iv) monitor and evaluate the activities of these implementing
agencies (v) work with communities and PWLHA to address stigma and
discrimination against PLWHA and affected families; and (vi) ensure
membership or linkages with all key development partners in the Parish,
including Parish Health Departments and Parish Development Committees
(PDCs). The PACs will continue to draw mainly on volunteer services and
will receive training through the NAC. However, PACS will need to register
- 9-



as legal entities and will need support for some additional capacity for
administration and coordination. The Chairs of four PACS (representing
regions) will be members of the Executive Committee of the NAC and
participate in quarterly meetings. They will report to the NAC but are
expected to be accountable to local communities and stakeholders. (e) The
Project Implementation Unit (PIU) will be responsible for implementing the
IBRD Project and will be based within the Ministry of Health in order to
ensure its integration and sustainability within the National AIDS
Program. The PIU will report to the Minister through the National AIDS
Program which is the Unit responsible for all donor projects and for the
National AIDS Program. The location of the PIU in the Unit ensures
coordination with other donor projects, integration into the NAP and
sustainability required to ensure institutional capacity and memory are
retained from the project. It will be responsible for day to day
management of the project, including procurement, contracting of
implementation agencies, provision of budgetary support to ministries,
technical support and quality control, project financial management,
monitoring and evaluation. The PIU will also establish a selection
committee to approve applications for demand-driven sub-projects. As a
priority, the PIU will work with other structures to ensure the smooth
operation of the project in support of the NAP. PIU will coordinate
closely with NAC through regular program reports and review meetings. The
PIU will have the following key staff: (a) coordinator; (b) component
directors; (c) M&E specialist; (d) financial management specialist; and
(e) procurement specialist. Once the project has closed, it is expected
that some technical staff such as component directors of the project will
be absorbed into the National AIDS Program unit of the Ministry of Health.
The PIU will have an advisory committee consisting of researchers,
academics, international experts on technical and international best
practice aspects of HIV/AIDS.Implementation ArrangementsThe roles of
Cabinet and the NPC are critical to ensuring the political and
programmatic support for HIV/AIDS activities across all sectors of
Jamaican society. The NAC and PACs are responsible for generating
awareness and action on the ground and for coordinating activities across
implementing agencies. The implementing agencies themselves will range
from line Ministry operational staff to NGOs, CBOs, private enterprises
and FBOs at the community level. Given the difference in roles, scope and
capacity, the different implementing agencies will need different
implementation mechanisms to be put in place. At this stage, it is
envisaged that 3 kinds of implementation mechanisms will be established:
(i) direct support to Ministries from the Project based on annual sector
workplans submitted; (ii) subcontracts established with national civil
society organizations or private organizations to carry out particular
activities; and (iii) support for smaller innovative subprojects at Parish
level by civil society organizations, private enterprises, NGOs, etc. on a
demand-driven basis.Implementing Agencies and MechanismsImplementing
AgencyWorkplan-based Budget SupportSubcontractorsSubprojects -
demand-drivenLine MinistriesYNNRHAsYNNNACNYNPACNNNNational NGOsNYYSmall
NGOs, CBOs, FBOsNNYPrivate SectorNYYY/Yes-----N/No(a)    Budget support to
Line Ministries and RHAs. In order to implement sector plans, the project
will need to provide financial support on a matching basis to Line
Ministries and RHAs. This will be provided by the PIU based on an approved
annual work plan between the Ministry/RHA and the PIU. According to
Jamaican law, the PIU can disburse to other Ministries on the basis of a
Memorandum of Understanding between the said Ministry and the Ministry of
- 10 -



Health (for other implementing agencies, normal contracting and
procurement procedures will apply). Ministries will be expected to provide
quarterly financial and program reports and funds will be released
according to specified indicators and outputs. (b) Subcontracting
Arrangements. During Project preparation, a number of specific roles
which NGOs, private health (or other) companies could undertake as
subcontractors to the PIU have been identified. These may be solicited by
the PIU but unsolicited proposals will also be considered where the amount
exceeds that determined for applications for demand-driven sub-projects.
These contracts will be allocated by the PIU according to World Bank
Procurement rules and will be monitored and evaluated by the PIU. The PIU
will submit copies of all contracts to the NAC as well as all quarterly
reports.(c)  Demand-driven Subprojects.   A share of project funds (10%)
will be set aside within the budget to provide small grants to
implementing agencies on a demand-driven basis. Individual subprojects
would be between $1,500 and $20,000. This support will encourage
community based activities, particularly innovative initiatives - to be
known as demand-driven "subprojects". Eligibility for sub-project support
will be set out in the Operations Manual but will include elements such as
relevance of the activity under the NAP, experience of the implementing
agency in HIV/social development, bookkeeping and reporting capacity,
community participation, etc. A Selection Committee will be convened by
the PIU and made up of PIU, NAC and civil society representatives. It will
meet on a regular basis (once a month) to approve subproject applications
and PACs will be called upon to verify applicant's bona fides and
capabilities. A number of mechanisms are contemplated to ensure that
interested agencies possess the capacity to formulate proposals and to
implement subprojects. For example, experienced NGOs, the NAC or the PACs
can be contracted to build capacity among a pool of applicants.
Alternatively, applicants can include a 'capacity-building' component in
their funding request applications to the PIU so they can acquire the
particular capabilities (training, human resource and financial
management, monitoring and tracking systems) they lack.Operations ManualAn
operations manual is being prepared by the PIU together with a consultant
and will be sent to the World Bank for review. A condition of
effectiveness of the project is that the PIU shall have drawn up and the
Government have adopted an Operations Manual (OM) satisfactory to the
World Bank. The OM would include the conditions for project
implementation, such as guidelines for preparing and implementing project
activities, as well as technical norms and administrative, budgetary,
disbursements, contracting and procurement procedures to be followed
during project implementation. For project implementation, CBOs, private
sector and NGOs could be contracted following the criteria and procedures
established in the Operations Manual. The PIU would assist, facilitate and
supervise implementation of these activities.Accounting, reporting, and
auditing arrangementsThe financial management of the project (including
accounting, reporting audits and disbursements) will be coordinated by the
PIU, which is currently in the process of finalizing the overall financial
managment system. To facilitate disbursements, a Special Account will be
established and managed according to Bank guidelines as prescribed in the
Disbursement Handbook. The project will be audited annually by an
independent auditor acceptable to the Bank, and special purpose audits
will be carried out on a quarterly basis to audit the demand-driven
component of the project. Details of all financial management
arrangements may be found in Annex 6.



7. Sustainability
Critical to the sustainability of the project are the following factors.
(a) an enabling environment. This refers to the legal and policy framework
as well as social norms that help reduce risk taking behavior, stigma and
discrimination and facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions in the long run,
especially for marginalized high-risk groups and PLWHA. The project would
seek to create this environment by promoting ownership of this program,
organizing workshops to sensitize opinion leaders, and train the media,
lawyers and legal aids in HIV/AIDS issues. It will assist the development
of a legal and regulatory framework as well as instruments (complaints
bureau/hotline) to address critical issues related to stigma.     (b)
implementation sustainability. This would be sought through (i) ensuring
the PIU is located within the NAP institutional structure in a manner that
will ensure sustainability of project capacity and experience after
Project completion; (ii) focusing on low cost, effective-preventive
interventions which will reduce the future burden of HIV/AIDS on the
health system; (iii) capacity building and training for NAP, NAC and PACs
at the national, regional and parish levels; and (iv) involving key
Ministries, NGOs and private sector in HIV/AIDS activities and
strengthening their implementation capacity as needed.(c) financial
sustainability. As shown in the financial analysis, the project would have
reasonable financial sustainability, given the minimal recurrent cost as
well as the potential fiscal benefit from the reduced burden of HIV/AIDS.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
The project adopts the design features that underpin the Multi-Country
HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control Adaptable Program Lending for the
Caribbean Region, and that have proven successful in other
countries:First, there needs to be a clear demonstration that government,
at the highest level, is committed to the issue and ready to provide
leadership. In practical terms, this means the government is committed to
discussing the epidemic openly, accepting that a problem exists and that
the means of transmission are known. The government should also indicate
its willingness to strive to reduce the stigma and discrimination
associated with HIV infection.Second, there has to be a clear recognition
that reversing the HIV/AIDS epidemic is ultimately an issue of behavior
change and that strategic partners (community leaders, youth leaders,
peers, etc.) have to be involved in the planning and implementation
process. Government therefore has to indicate its willingness to
collaborate with NGOs, CBOs, other line ministries and the private sector
in program design and implementation.Third, the response to the epidemic
must include care and support. There are known and relatively inexpensive
means to improve the quality of life and life expectancy of PLWHA.
Providing care and support to PLWHA would convey to the public that HIV is
a health problem rather than a moral one. Providing care would require
that the health system and health workers begin to manage the disease
rather than manage the death of reprehensible people. The inclusion of
care and support in the response to HIV/AIDS are thus expected to
contribute to diminish stigma and discrimination.Fourth, prevention must
remain at the core of the response: this is most cost-effective way of
managing the epidemic. Among possible prevention interventions, behavior
change among high-risk groups is key. Even though the epidemic is now
generalized in Jamaica, those in high risk groups are still more likely to
contract and spread HIV to others. Prevention among those at greater risk
prevents many more infections indirectly in the general population. Fifth,
- 12 -



sufficient emphasis has to be placed on strengthening the HIV/AIDS/STI
surveillance system as a tool for effective program monitoring and
evaluation. The surveillance system must give policymakers timely
information on the direction of the epidemic, as well as knowledge of the
behaviors that continue driving the epidemic.Finally, strategies for
dealing with the epidemic are bound to change as new information becomes
available. Implementation procedures must therefore favor flexibility,
learning and innovation, and responsiveness to opportunities and demand.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        The Project Environmental Assessment and
corresponding Environmental Management Plan to be supported by the Project
were conducted by PAHO/WHO which has a long experience of dealing with
medical waste management issues in Jamaica. The assessment reveals that
while there have not been any major disease outbreak associated with the
handling of medical waste, there is nonetheless need for immediate
improvements in the management of the waste stream. Among the major
deficiencies in the current approach to infectious waste management are:
(a) the indiscriminate disposal of blood and blood products; (b)
inadequate incineration facilities (volume, temperature attainment, etc.);
(c) inadequate storage at point of generation; (d) the lack of a system
for ready identification of infectious wastes; and (e) low level of
awareness among hospital staff with respect to the importance and
methodology for handling infectious material.To correct the present
shortcomings, legislation has been drafted and submitted to the
Parliamentary Council for final review. The specific provisions contained
in the regulations cover the various categories of waste, segregation,
containerization, storage, and transportation to the incineration
treatment site. These provisions along with the infection control manual
will be the basis upon which the safe handling of health care wastes will
be managed. The regulations will be adopted into law by the end of 2001.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Girindre K. Beeharry
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202 473 6595
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
- 13 -



This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending Dec. 14, 2001
Lucy Njuguna
M:\InfoShop - Tonya's weekly directories\Dec.14,2001\pO74641.txt
December 11, 2001 10:58 AM
- 14 -



