Report No. PIC5055
Project Name                       Comoros-Third Education Project
Region                             Africa
Sector                             Education
Project ID                         KMPE603
Borrower                           Government of Comoros
Implementing Agency                The Ministry of Education
Moroni, Comoros
Fax: (269) 732765
Direction Generale du CNGEPE
B.P. 73
Moroni, Comoros
Date PID Prepared                  March 6, 1997
Project Appraisal                  February 20, 1997
Project Board Date                 June 17, 1997
1.      Country Background. The Federal Islamic Republic of the
Comoros is an archipelago of three islands, inhabited by a largely
homogenous Islamic population of about 498,000 with a GNP per
capita estimated at US$490 in 1995. The economy is predominantly
rural and highly dependent on external assistance, averaging about
US$118 per capita per annum over 1989-93. Since independence in
1975, the country has experienced considerable economic change.
Following a period of growth generated by externally-financed
infrastructure projects, real GDP growth slowed significantly from
an annual average of 4.3 percent in 1981-85 to 0.8 percent over
1991-95. The decline in economic performance is a manifestation of
the country's developmental constraints, which include a narrow
export base, weak institutional capacity exacerbated by poor
economic management, as well as an unfavorable private sector
environment.
2.      To address its macroeconomic imbalances and remove some of
the structural constraints to growth, the government launched an
adjustment program in 1991, which made considerable progress in
liberalizing imports, removing price controls, and improving the
environment for private sector activity, as well as reducing the
fiscal burden arising from the parastatal sector. Consequently,
after initial delays caused by an unsettled political climate in
which the fiscal situation deteriorated further, the implementation
of the program accelerated and was completed at end 1994. Domestic
savings improved from negative 3.7 percent of GDP in 1991 to zero
percent in 1993. The budgetary deficit (before capital grants) fell
from 13.1 percent of GDP in 1991 to 7.4 percent in 1993, owning to
expenditure cuts through civil service reduction. The external
current account deficit (before capital grants) was marginally
reduced from 11.1 percent of GDP in 1991 to 10.5 percent in 1993,
as imports declined in response to the reduced aggregate demand
pressure, exports began to recover, and tourism receipts started to



increase. The Comorian Franc was devalued by 33 percent in foreign
currency in January 1994, in concert with the 50 percent
devaluation that took place in other CFA countries. The economy's
response to this devaluation was mixed, however, with a slow down
of economic activities registered in trade and agriculture sector,
which contributed to a real GDP decline averaging 2.3 percent a
year in 1994-95. Export performance for traditional commodities was
poor, in particular, because of the nearly 50 percent drop in
export prices for vanilla in the world market.
3.      Economic reforms in Comoros have been complicated by the
parallel efforts at introducing political reforms. Recent
Presidential and legislative elections held in March 1996 and
December 1996 respectively represent major landmarks in the
country's political transition process. The new government has
recognized the need for the country to improve its economic
management and performance, which include measures to improve
budgetary revenues and cut expenditures, as well as create a more
conducive environment for private sector investment partially
through adoption of a comprehensive privatization program for the
public enterprises. However, due to the political turmoil and the
process of legislative elections which took place in December 1996,
concrete actions have yet to be taken. In consequence, the second
adjustment program to support these reforms which was to have been
prepared for 1996 has been delayed. The program would be taken up
once satisfactory budgetary performance has been established in the
first half of 1997.
4.      Sector Background. Finding of a World Bank Poverty Assessment
(FY95) indicate that the majority of the Comorian population lives
in relative poverty or at near poverty levels. Consumption is very
unevenly distributed--the Gini coefficient is 76%-, as rural areas
in all three islands house the majority of the population (82%-) and
of the poor: the head count index for rural areas in Grande Comore,
Anjouan, and Moheli is 92%,76%-, and 85%- respectively while for the
country's urban areas it stands at 15%-. Very preliminary estimates
of the 1996 household expenditure survey show that 84%- of rural
households live in poverty compared to 15%- of urban households. It
is estimated that 75%- of the poor households work in agriculture.
Additional analysis confirms that poverty is higher in Anjouan and
Moheli, which together account for just under half of the country's
population. The survey revealed another "at risk" category as 79%-
of women have been unilaterally divorced by their husbands and
therefore constitute another vulnerable group. The poor households
are characterized by lower levels of literacy, although 67%- of
heads of poor households can read Comorian Arabic taught in
"Koranic schools" at the community level, but only 37%- have basic
arithmetic skills.
5.      The Government is aware that education is not producing the
basic skills required for national development and the reduction of
poverty. More than one-third of school-age children do not have
access to formal schooling at primary level and, among those who
complete the 6-year primary cycle on time, only one in ten
continues to lower secondary schooling. In 1993-94, net enrollment
- 2 -



ratios (the latter take out over- and under-age children and
repeaters) at primary and lower and upper secondary levels were
estimated to 64, 11 and 2 percent, respectively. Girls represented
nearly 45 percent of enrollees at each level. However, these
figures mask an inequitable distribution of services between the
three islands. In 1993-94, girl's enrollment ratios were
significantly lower than those of boys in 9 of the 15 school
districts, especially in Anjouan. Access to primary education is
constrained by limited space in existing classrooms. The vast
majority of the 262 public primary schools (1996) were built more
than 15 years ago, using space norms (less than 30 m2 per
classroom) that are not adequate for the current size of classes
(national average of 39 pupils) and site planning which does not
provide for sanitary facilities and a minimum size courtyard. At
secondary level, the capacity of the existing collbges (40) and
lycees (9) is underutilized, mainly due to restricted entrance at
lower secondary level and recent expansion of private education,
and MOE has already started rationalizing the school map with the
closing of 5 collbges and 1 lycees in 1994.
6.      In addition, low internal efficiency is reflected by the gap
between net and gross enrollment ratios at primary, lower and upper
secondary levels, the latter estimated at 89, 27 and 15 percent,
respectively by level. A cohort analysis shows that, for 1,000
children entering Grade 1, only 116 are expected to complete the
primary cycle, 60 the lower secondary cycle and 13 to pass the
Grade 13 examination (baccalaureat). The system must provide 14
years of schooling per student who completes the primary cycle.
This situation is due in large part to the poor level of quality of
public education. Sporadic teacher strikes, shortages of school
materials and poor management have contributed to the deterioration
of quality.
7.      Communities in the Comoros have demonstrated their
cohesiveness, dynamism, interest in the development process,
ability to manage effectively community development concerns, and
willingness to pay for services such as health and education,. As a
result of the deteriorating conditions in public schools, a growing
number of parents and local authorities, mostly in the largest
villages and in dynamic communities, chose private for-profit
schooling. While this development of private schooling is welcomed,
it raises issues of equity, sustainability (e.g. if public schools
resume normal operations) and quality assurance. Moreover, during
the last two years, this development led to further deterioration
of public education, especially for the poor. Teaching staff in
private schools are recruited among civil servants who retain their
public position but often neglect their obligations to public
schools. The Government is moving prudently, considering a range of
policies and measures to encourage development of quality private
schooling while at the same time improving equitable access to
quality education and improving efficiency of public provision of
education services. Measures that are being considered include:
improved accreditation system for private schools, better control
of teacher assignments and presence, and cost recovery for
publicly-provided services to private schools (e.g. teacher in-
-3 -



service training, standardized examinations).
8.      In the Comoros, the main factor perpetuating poverty across
generations is the low level of education among the poor which
limits their employment and trade options as well as their
mobility. In addition, relatively high wages (in foreign country
terms) and low productivity contribute to poverty by making the
Comoros uncompetitive in international markets. Employment is
expected to benefit from changes enhancing the business environment
and employment creation, such as improvement in the legal system,
trade liberalization, better access to credit and better land
tenure, which are supported by an FY94 IDA-financed Small
Enterprise Development Project and the proposed FY97 Pilot
Agriculture Services Project.
9.      The vocational training system consists of six public
training institutions which altogether have a capacity of about
1,000 students. These institutions are under the Ministries of
Education (ENTP - Ecole Nationale Technique et Professionnelle;
ENAC - Ecole Nationale d'Administration et de Comptabilite; and the
CHA - Centre Horticole Applique), Agriculture (ENA - Ecole
Nationale d'Agriculture; ENP - Ecole Nationale des Peches), and
Health (ENS - Ecole Nationale de Sante). The latter three closed in
recent years after having trained technicians and skilled workers
who were employed mostly in government agencies. The Second
Education Project assisted in the creation of ENTP and ENAC and
financed civil works, equipment and development costs. Technical
assistance was provided under the French and Belgian bilateral
assistance programs. Private provision of training started only
recently and is still embryonic. Also, community-supported
apprenticeship schemes have been initiated and are supported by the
Community Development Fund (FADC) supported under the IDA-financed
PHRD Project.
10.     Post-secondary education available in the Comoros consists of
teacher training, agriculture, a business school and the school of
health sciences, which overall provide about 200 student-places. A
large number of students (estimated at more than 1,000 in 1995) go
abroad for university studies. Given its priorities and resource
availability, the government has agreed with donors to limit the
number of scholarships abroad to those provided by donor funds.
Project Objectives. The project would support investments in the
first two priority sub-sectors identified in the PRET, namely
primary education and vocational training. To ensure effective and
timely implementation of the project, it would also support local
capacity building in the planning, execution, monitoring and
evaluation of project-financed activities.
11.     Project Description. The project would support investments in
the first two priority sub-sectors identified in the Government's
Program for the Reinforcement of Education and Training, namely
primary education and vocational training. To ensure effective and
timely implementation of the project, it would also support local
capacity building in the planning, execution, monitoring and
-4 -



evaluation of sector management. The project would improve learning
at primary level through increased participation in quality
education. Participation would be improved through: (a)
establishment of local school committees with financial and
managerial authority on public primary schools; and (b) provision
of adequate infrastructure through improvement grants to
participating communities in targeted areas. Quality of the
teaching-learning processes would be improved through: (a)
development of better management practices to monitor delivery of
the study program; (b) provision of teaching/learning materials,
both for class and individual learning activities; (c) changes in
the teaching-learning methods used by teachers in the classroom;
(d) changes in the supervision practices to develop and monitor
implementation of effective teaching practices; and (e) support to
development of learning assessment and education information
systems at regional and central levels of the MOE. The project
would improve competencies of skilled workers through the
establishment of an autonomous, flexible and effective demand-
driven training system in which training institutions and employers
will get grants from the Government. The establishment of a
performing vocational training system would be achieved through the
creation of a small, autonomous institution -- the Office for
Vocational Training (OVT) -- managed by an independent council.
Competencies and skills would be developed through (a) support for
management and the initial financing of a Vocational Training Fund
(VTF) which would finance one part of the expenses of training
linked to the execution of sub-projects which respond to needs
identified in the labor market; (b) support for the development of
training modules which lead to a qualification and the training of
the trainers; and (c) support for the reorganization of existing
vocational training institutions in order to develop autonomous
management, as well as modular programs adapted to the labor
market.
12.     The total project cost is estimated at US$7.5 million
equivalent, including contingencies and taxes. IDA would finance
7.0 million and communities' / beneficiaries' contributions is
estimated at 0.2 million. The Comorian Government is expected to
contribute US$0.3.
13.     Project Implementation. In line with strategic orientations
which prioritize the empowerment of school heads, on the one hand,
and, on the other hand, partnership with community and employers,
the management of the project will be light, but effective. It will
be oriented towards the achievement of the goals of the Program for
the Reinforcement of Education and Training, the achievement of
measurable objectives and the evaluation of performance. In order
to improve access to quality primary education and to strengthen
the management of the education system, a Project Management Unit
will have the task of: (a) directing local and regional teams which
will negotiate contracts of activities with institutions and with
parent-teacher associations; (b) coordinating the implementation of
programs of activities in close collaboration with the relevant
local authorities; and (c) measuring the achievement of defined
objectives and evaluating the impact of measures and actions which
- 5 -



have been introduced on learning outcomes and the enrollment of
students. The PMU would be placed under the coordination of the
Director of the National Center for the Management and
Implementation of Education Projects (CNGEPE). The PMU would
comprise six managers engaged on contract by means of a transparent
selection process and remunerated under the Credit: (a) a Project
Coordinator whose office will be located in Moroni; (b) a financial
manager responsible for keeping the books of the project and for
managing the Credit; (c) a specialist in bidding procedures
responsible for the management of purchases and contracts of goods,
works and services; and (d) three regional coordinators, one
officer per island, who will be responsible for planning,
coordinating, monitoring and the control of activities financed
under the Credit. Regional offices will comprise support staff with
three administrators who will assure the functions of the
Directorate secretariat and operational assistance. The
professional services required for specific operations will form
the object of separate contracts of employment, negotiated locally
in accordance with detailed terms of reference.
14.     Project Sustainability. In terms of financial sustainability,
the investments planned under this project will require that the
Government undertake a series of measures to increase public
revenues, to allocate sufficient levels of public resources to
education, and to rationalize expenditures in the sector. During
appraisal, agreement would be sought on: (a) a sustainable Public
Expenditure Program (both investment and recurrent) for the period
1997-1999; and (b) the level and composition of the recurrent
budget for salary and non-salary expenditures.
15.     Lesson Learned from previous IDA Involvement.
Contact Point:           Daniel Viens, Task Manager
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending May 2, 1997.
- 6 -



