Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3562 LE
                       BdL Project Agreement
       (Emergency Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                          BANQUE DU LIBAN
                        Dated March 8, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3562 LE
                       BdL PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 8, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANQUE DU LIBAN (BdL).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Lebanese Republic (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred seventy five million dollars
($175,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that BdL agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS (B) by an administration agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and BdL (the BdL Administration Agreement), the
Borrower will make available to BdL twenty five million dollars
($25,000,000) out of the proceeds of the loan provided for under the
Loan Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in said BdL
Administration Agreement; and
      WHEREAS BdL, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. BdL declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Part E of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, management and banking practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Part E
of the Project.
      Section 2.02. For the purpose of carrying out Part E of the
Project, BdL shall re-lend in dollars to the Participating Banks the
proceeds of the Loan allocated to Part E of the Project under
Participating Agreements, each such Agreement to be entered into
between BdL and a Participating Bank in accordance with terms and
conditions that shall have been approved by the Bank and which shall
include those set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) BdL agrees that Sub-loans under Part E of
the Project shall be made in accordance with the criteria and
pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Part B of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b)   BdL shall exercise its rights under each Participating
Agreement in such a manner as to (i) protect the interests of the
Bank and of BdL; (ii) comply with its obligations under this
Agreement and the BdL Administration Agreement; and (iii) achieve
the objectives of Part E of the Project.
      Section 2.04. BdL shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the BdL Project Agreement
and Part E of the Project.
      Section 2.05. (a) BdL shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part E
of the project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   BdL shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
E of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by BdL of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the BdL Administration Agreement.
                          ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of BdL
      Section 3.01. BdL shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
banking practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
Page  3
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) BdL shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   BdL shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) relating to
                  Part E of the Project for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies relating
                  to Part E of the Project of its financial
                  statements for such year as so audited; and (B)
                  the report of such audit by said auditors of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have
                  reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of BdL thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify BdL thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  4
            Cable address:Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For BdL:
            Banque du Liban
            Banque du Liban Street
            Beirut, Lebanon
                                                Telex:
                                                923-20744
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BdL, or by BdL on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Governor
of BdL or such other person or persons as the Governor of BdL shall
designate in writing, and BdL shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
                        BANQUE DU LIBAN
                        By /s/ Simon Karam
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                 Participating Loans and Sub-loans
             Criteria, Principal Terms and Conditions
Part A:     Participating Loans
1.    Each Participating Loan shall be denominated in dollars, shall
be made at an interest rate per annum equal to the BdL Lending Rate
and shall be repayable to BdL in dollars over a period of fifteen
(15) years.
2.    Each Participating Bank shall apply such procedures and
criteria as shall be satisfactory to the Bank in the appraisal of
Housing Projects and disbursements of the Loan proceeds for purposes
thereof.
Page  5
3.    Each Participating Bank shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to monitor the progress under each Housing Project
(including the cost thereof and the benefits to be derived
therefrom) and reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
4.    Each Participating Bank shall (i) have its records, accounts
and financial statements (balance sheets, statements of income and
expenses and related statements) for each of its fiscal years
audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing principles
consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable to the
Bank; (ii) shall furnish to the Bank and BdL as soon as available,
but in any case not later than six months after the end of each such
year: (A) certified copies of its financial statements for such year
as so audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors of
such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
requested; and (iii) shall furnish to the Bank and BdL such other
information concerning said records, accounts and financial
statements as well as the audit thereof, as the Bank or BdL shall
from time to time reasonably request.
Part B:     Sub-loans
1.    Each Sub-loan shall be made to a Beneficiary who is deter-
mined to be creditworthy by the Participating Bank. The following
criteria shall be used to establish creditworthiness: (i) income
level; (ii) income stability, including identity of the head of
household's employer and stability of employment; (iii) availability
of resources to meet downpayment requirements; and (iv) availability
of assets, other than the dwelling which is subject of the Sub-loan,
to be offered as collateral.
2.    Sub-loans shall be made exclusively, and in the following
order of priority, to the following Beneficiaries:
      (a)   households displaced from either owned or rented
dwellings that are either damaged or destroyed;
      (b)   households presently living in either owned or rented
damaged dwellings, and willing to either repair the existing
dwellings or construct new dwellings;
      (c)   households formed after December 31, 1975, presently
sharing accommodation with other households in dwellings with a
habitable area not exceeding one hundred forty (140) square meters;
and
      (d)   households formed after December 31, 1975, presently
living in rented dwellings but willing to construct new dwellings.
3.    No Sub-loan shall be made to finance the repair or
reconstruction of a rented or owned dwelling with a habitable area
exceeding one hundred twenty-five (125) square meters.
4.    Each Sub-loan shall be made on terms whereby the Participating
Bank shall obtain, by written contract with the Beneficiary, rights
adequate to protect the interests of the Bank, BdL and the
Participating Bank, including the right to:
      (a)   require the Beneficiary to carry out and operate the
Housing Project with due diligence and efficiency;
      (b)   require that the goods, works and services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan be purchased at a
reasonable price;
      (c)   inspect, solely or jointly with representatives of the
Bank, should the latter so request, such goods and the sites, works,
plants and construction included in the Housing Project, the
operation thereof and any relevant records and documents; and
Page  6
      (d)   suspend or terminate the right of the Beneficiary to the
use of the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such Beneficiary to
perform its obligations under its agreement with the Participating
Bank.
5.    Without prejudice to the provisions of Section 4 above, each
Sub-loan shall be made on terms whereby the Participating Bank shall
obtain collateral on the Beneficiary's land and the improvements
thereon, or other forms of collateral, and immediately assign to BdL
all of the Participating Bank's right, title and interest in and to
said collateral.
6.    Each Sub-loan shall be denominated in dollars and shall be
repayable in dollars over a period of up to (a) five (5) years for
Sub-loans to finance the repair of owned or rented damaged
dwellings; and (b) fifteen (15) years for Sub-loans to finance the
reconstruction of owned or rented dwellings or the construction of
new dwellings.
7.    Sub-loans shall be made at the Sub-loan Lending Rate. In
determining the Sub-loan Lending Rate, the Participating Bank shall
consider such variables as the Beneficiary's creditworthiness and
the Sub-loan repayment period.
8.    The principal amount of a Sub-loan shall not exceed forty
thousand dollars ($40,000) and shall be the equivalent of (i) forty
percent (40%) of the estimated value of the dwelling for Sub-loans
to finance the repair of owned or rented dwellings; (ii) eighty
percent (80%) of the estimated value of the dwelling for Sub-loans
to finance the reconstruction of owned or rented dwellings; and
(iii) up to eighty percent (80%) of the estimated value of the
dwelling, exclusive of the price of land, for Sub-loans to finance
the construction of new dwellings. In all the above cases, the
estimated value of the dwelling shall be determined by the
Participating Bank.
