Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3562 LE
                       CDR Project Agreement
       (Emergency Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
            COUNCIL FOR DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION
                        Dated March 8, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3562 LE
                       CDR PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 8, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COUNCIL FOR
DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION (CDR).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Lebanese Republic (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred seventy five million dollars
($175,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that CDR agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary agreement (the CDR Subsidiary Agreement)
to be entered into between the Borrower and CDR, the Borrower will
make available as a grant to CDR an amount equivalent to one hundred
fifty million dollars ($150,000,000) out of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement on the terms and conditions
set forth in said CDR Subsidiary Agreement; and
      WHEREAS CDR, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. CDR declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out Parts A, B, C, D and F of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and environmental practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Parts
A, B, C, D and F of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A, B, C, D and F of the Project and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the
Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CDR shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of this Agreement and Parts A, B, C,
D and F of the Project.
      Section 2.04. CDR shall duly perform all its obligations under
the CDR Subsidiary Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, CDR shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the CDR
Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CDR shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Parts A,
B, C, D and F of the project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the CDR Subsidiary Agreement, and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CDR shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Parts A, B, C, D and F of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by CDR of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the CDR Subsidiary Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of CDR
      Section 3.01. CDR shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and environmental practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. CDR shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  3
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CDR shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   CDR shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of CDR thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify CDR thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
Page  4
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For CDR:
            Council for Development and Reconstruction
            P.O. Box 116-5351
            Beirut, Lebanese Republic
            Cable Address:
                   CDR, Tallet El-Seray
                   Beirut, Lebanon
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of CDR, or by CDR on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the President
of CDR or such other person or persons as the President of CDR shall
designate in writing, and CDR shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
                       COUNCIL FOR DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION
                         By /s/ Simon Karam
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
Page  5
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Lebanese
Republic may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items of equipment supplied through a limited number of
sources, estimated to cost the equivalent of two million two hundred
thousand dollars ($2,200,000) in total, may be procured under
contracts awarded through limited international bidding procedures
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from at
least three qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in
accordance with procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the
Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of twenty three
million eight hundred thousand dollars ($23,800,000) in total may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Items or groups of items of equipment and materials estimated
to cost the equivalent of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000)
or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to two
million dollars ($2,000,000), may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
at least three suppliers from at least two different countries
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) or more,
the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the CDR Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the CDR Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the CDR Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of ten percent (10%) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.    Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist CDR in carrying out Parts A, B, C, D and F
of the Project, CDR shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
Page  6
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures, letters of
invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts shall not
apply to contracts estimated to cost less than fifty thousand
dollars ($50,000) equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Bank review shall not apply to the terms of reference for such
contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single source
selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Bank and to amendments of contracts
raising the contract value to one hundred thousand dollars
($100,000) equivalent or above.
