Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                               AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2608 UG
                                                               (TF 27933)
                                 Agreement
                                  between
                         THE GOVERNMENT OF SWEDEN
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    for
                    the Administration of Certain Funds
                          to be made available by
              THE SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                            in conjunction with
               Special Program of Assistance for Low Income,
                         Debt-Distressed Countries
                         (The Republic of Uganda)
                          Dated December 30, 1994
                               AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2608 UG
                                                               (TF 27933)
                                 AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT between THE GOVERNMENT OF SWEDEN (Sweden)
represented by the Swedish International Development Authority
(SIDA) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(hereinafter referred to as the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has made available to the
Republic of Uganda (hereinafter referred to as Uganda) a second
credit in support of Uganda's structural adjustment program
(hereinafter referred to as the Program) pursuant to a
Development Credit Agreement, dated June 22, 1994, between
Uganda and the Association (hereinafter referred to as the
Development Credit Agreement);
      (B)   Sweden wishes to make available a grant of fifteen
million Swedish kroner (SEK 15,000,000) to assist Uganda in its
debt service to the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (hereinafter referred to as the Bank) pursuant to
an agreement to be entered into between Sweden and Uganda, a
copy of which will be made available to the Bank; and
Page  2
      (C)   Sweden further wishes the Association to administer
said funds until the debt service payments concerned have
become due and payable by Uganda, and the Association has
agreed to administer them upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                        Administration of the Funds
      Section 1.01. (a) For the purpose of this Agreement,
Sweden shall deposit fifteen million Swedish kroner (SEK
15,000,000) (the Grant) into the International Development
Association's Cash Account "T" (No. 89501-00225) which is
maintained with Sveriges Riksbank (the T-Account).
      (b)   When making the deposit, Sweden will notify Sveriges
Riksbank to advise the Association's Cash Management Department
as to the amount deposited; that it is from Sweden for the
Structural Adjustment Program in Uganda, Project No. 27933, and
the date of the deposit.
      (c)   When arranging for the deposits Sweden shall send a
fax of the deposit instruction to the Office of Trust Funds
Administrator at the World Bank utilizing Fax No. (202) 522-
3397.
      (d)   The Grant shall be deposited into the T-Account
promptly after the effectiveness of this Agreement. The Grant
funds will be kept separate and apart from the funds of the
Association. The Grant funds may be commingled with other trust
funds assets maintained in the T-Account. The funds in the T-
Account may be freely exchanged by the Association into other
currencies as may facilitate their disbursement.
      Section 1.02. Sweden hereby appoints the Association as
administrator of the Grant and authorizes the Association to:
(a) hold and disburse the proceeds thereof towards making the
payments of principal and interest due and payable by Uganda to
the Bank; and (b) do any and all such acts and things as may be
necessary or appropriate to fully accomplish the foregoing;
provided, however, that in the event the Association shall have
suspended Uganda's right to make withdrawals under the
Development Credit Agreement, the Association may withhold
disbursements of the Grant until such right of Uganda has been
restored.
      Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the same care
in the discharge of its functions under this Agreement as it
exercises with respect to the administration and management of
its own affairs and shall have no further responsibility to
Sweden in respect thereof.
      Section 1.04. The Association may invest and reinvest the
Grant funds pending their disbursement. The Association shall
pay Sweden the balance of the income from the investment on an
annual basis, no later than September 1 of each year, except as
may otherwise be agreed between Sweden and the Association.
                                ARTICLE II
                             Records, Accounts
      Section 2.01. The Association shall: (a) maintain separate
records and ledger accounts of the Grant withdrawn from the T-
Account; and (b) at the end of each quarter and shortly after
the Grant has been disbursed in full, as expected on or about
April 30, 1995, the Association will provide an unaudited
financial statement to Sweden.
Page  3
                                ARTICLE III
                               Consultation
      Section 3.01. Sweden and the Association shall consult
from time to time, at the request of each other, on all matters
arising from this Agreement and in particular in case the
Association suspends Uganda's right to make withdrawals under
the Development Credit Agreement as provided in Section 1.02
above.
                                ARTICLE IV
                        Effectiveness, Termination
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon
signature by the parties.
      Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either party
that the purposes of this Agreement cannot effectively or
appropriately be carried out, the arrangements set forth herein
may be terminated at the initiative of such party on thirty
days' notice in writing to the other. Upon such termination,
unless Sweden and the Association otherwise agree, any of the
Grant funds held hereunder by the Association shall be returned
to Sweden and the Association's administration shall be
considered terminated.
      Section 4.03. This Agreement shall terminate when the
Grant has been withdrawn and applied by the Association as
provided in Section 1.02 of this Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                               Miscellaneous
      Section 5.01. The Swedish International Development
Authority, Sweden, shall be competent to represent Sweden for
the application of this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
      Section 5.03. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or mail,
telephone, cable, telex or rapifax to the party to which it is
required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For Sweden:
            Swedish International Development Authority
            S-105 25 Stockholm
            Sweden
                                                Telex:
                                                  SIDA 11450
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  4
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                         197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA),
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                   82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have signed this
Agreement.
                  GOVERNMENT OF SWEDEN
                  By /s/ Gunilla Hesselmark
                                                Authorized Representative
                  Date:  December 30, 1994
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward U. K. Jaycox
                                                Authorized Representative
                  Date:  December 30, 1994
