Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 2774 EC
    (Second Guayaquil and Guayas Province Water Supply Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
           EMPRESA PROVINCIAL DE AGUA POTABLE DEL GUAYAS
                        Dated June 17, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 2774 EC
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 17, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and EMPRESA PROVINCIAL DE
AGUA POTABLE DEL GUAYAS (hereinafter called EPAP-G).
      WHEREAS (A) by a loan agreement of September 26, 1987 between
the Empresa Municipal de Agua Potable de Guayaquil (hereinafter
called EMAP-G) and the Bank (hereinafter called the Loan Agreement),
the Bank made a loan (hereinafter called the Loan) to EMAP-G in an
amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty one million
dollars ($31,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement;
      (B)   by a loan assumption agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Ecuador (hereinafter called the Republic)
and the Bank (hereinafter called the Loan Assumption Agreement), the
Republic has agreed to assume all of the covenants, agreements and
obligations of EMAP-G as Borrower (as distinguished from EMAP-G's
role as Project executing agency) contained or referred to in the
Loan Agreement;
Page  2
      (C)   by a subsidiary arrangement to be entered into between
the Republic and EPAP-G, the proceeds of the loan provided for under
the Loan Agreement will be onlent to EPAP-G on the terms and
conditions set forth in said subsidiary arrangement; and
      WHEREAS EPAP-G, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Assumption Agreement with the Republic, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement and thus
replace EMAP-G, whose functions, assets and liabilities EPAP-G
assumed pursuant to Law No. 38 (as defined in the Preamble to the
Loan Assumption Agreement), as Project executing agency;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Loan Assumption
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Implementation Unit" means the unit referred to
in Section 2.02 of this Agreement; and
      (b)   "Financial Rehabilitation Program" means EPAP-G's action
program, referred to in Section 4.03 of this Agreement, to improve
its financial performance.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) EPAP-G declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   EPAP-G shall:
            (i)   carry out the technical assistance and training
                  program and the studies included under Parts B.1
                  and C of the Project, respectively, under terms
                  of reference satisfactory to the Bank;
           (ii)   promptly upon their completion, furnish to the
                  Bank, for its comments, the results and recommen-
                  dations of each of the studies included under the
                  Project; and
          (iii)   not later than December 31, 1992, complete the
                  study referred to in Part C.3 of the Project,
                  such study to include a program to implement its
                  recommendations.
      (c)   EPAP-G shall:
            (i)   establish eligibility criteria and financial
                  conditions for the Credit Program, satisfactory
                  to the Bank, which shall include: (A) a down
                  payment of not less than 5%; (B) an amortization
                  period not exceeding 5 years; and (C) a variable
                  interest rate and other financial terms on each
                  loan, satisfactory to the Bank, that will allow
                  EPAP-G to recover the principal amount and all
                  other costs of EPAP-G in real terms; and
Page  3
            (ii)  establish a revolving fund in terms satisfactory
                  to the Bank where the amount paid to EPAP-G under
                  all loans made under the Credit Program will be
                  deposited and shall utilize the proceeds of such
                  fund solely for purposes of making new loans for
                  residential water connections.
      (d)   EPAP-G shall provide the Project Implementation Unit
with adequate resources to carry out its functions.
      Section 2.02. For purposes of carrying out the Project,
EPAP-G shall establish and maintain, until the completion report
referred to in Section 9.07 (c) of the General Conditions has been
furnished to the Bank, a Project Implementation Unit with staffing,
organization and functions satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.03. EPAP-G shall, no later than December 31, 1991,
enter into contractual arrangements, under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank, with an established entity or entities
acceptable to the Bank (such as a water company or consulting firm)
for assisting EPAP-G in the carrying out of Part B.1 of the Project.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, EPAP-G shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving such contractual arrangements or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.04. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      (b)   As part of the foregoing, EPAP-G shall, not later than
December 31, 1991, employ the consultants required for the study
included under Part C.3 of the Project.
      Section 2.05. EPAP-G shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project. As part of its
obligations under Section 9.07 (a) (iii) of the General Conditions,
and without limiting any of its other obligations under this
Agreement, EPAP-G shall furnish to the Bank every six months, from
the date this Agreement becomes effective pursuant to Section 5.01
of this Agreement and until the report referred to in Section 9.07
(c) of the General Conditions is furnished to the Bank, reports in
such form as the Bank shall reasonably request regarding the status
and progress of Project execution.
      Section 2.06. EPAP-G shall enter into, and duly perform all
its obligations under, the subsidiary arrangement referred to in
Section 5.01 (b) of the Loan Assumption Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, EPAP-G shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving such subsidiary arrangement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 2.07. (a) EPAP-G shall, at the request of the Bank, or
also in combination with the furnishing of reports referred to in
Section 2.05 of this Agreement, exchange views with the Bank with
regard to progress of the Project, the performance of its obliga-
tions under this Agreement and under the subsidiary arrangement
referred to in Section 5.01 (b) of the Loan Assumption Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   EPAP-G shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by EPAP-G of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the subsidiary arrangement referred to in Section 5.01 (b) of
Page  4
the Loan Assumption Agreement.
      Section 2.08. EPAP-G shall, not later than December 31, 1992,
complete the installation of the Main transmission pipes in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of EPAP-G
      Section 3.01. EPAP-G shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. EPAP-G shall at all times operate and maintain
its plants, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time
to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. EPAP-G shall at all times maintain its existence
and right to carry on its operations and shall, except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, take all necessary steps that are required to
acquire, maintain and renew all rights, powers, privileges and
franchises which are necessary or useful in the conduct of its
business.
      Section 3.04. EPAP-G shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.05. Except as the Bank and EPAP-G shall otherwise
agree, EPAP-G shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose
of its property or assets which shall be required for the efficient
operation of its business, including the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) EPAP-G shall maintain separate records and
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, including separate records and accounts to reflect the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   EPAP-G shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent private auditors accep-
                  table to the Bank acting under terms of reference
                  satisfactory to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said audi-
                  tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
Page  5
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
EPAP-G shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal
year ending December 31, 1991, total revenues from internal sources
equivalent to not less than the sum of its: (i) operating expenses;
(ii) increase in working capital; (iii) debt service requirements;
and (iv) until completion of the Project, amounts equivalent to the
following percentages of the annual expenditures for the Project: 5%
in 1992, 15% in 1993, 20% in 1994, 25% in 1995 and 30% thereafter.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years, EPAP-G
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by EPAP-G and satisfactory
to the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next three
following fiscal years and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that EPAP-G would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for EPAP-G's fiscal years
covered by such review, EPAP-G shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such require-
ments for at least the current and the next following fiscal years.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total revenues from internal sources"
                  means the sum of total operating revenues and net
                  non-operating income.
           (ii)   The term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                  nues from all sources related to operations.
          (iii)   The term "net nonoperating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
           (iv)   The term "operating expenses" means all expenses
                  related to operations, including administration,
                  adequate maintenance, and taxes and payment in
                  lieu of taxes, excluding provisions for deprecia-
                  tion and interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The term "working capital" means the difference
                  between current assets excluding cash and current
                  liabilities at the end of each fiscal year.
           (vi)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
                  cash within twelve months, including all amounts
                  due to EPAP-G under the Credit Program, accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
          (vii)   The term "current liabilities" means all liabili-
                  ties which will become due and payable or could
                  under circumstances then existing be called for
                  payment within twelve months, including accounts
                  payable, customer advances, debt service require-
                  ments, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                  dividends.
         (viii)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
Page  6
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
           (ix)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in anoth-
                  er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accep-
                  table to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) No later than June 30, 1991, EPAP-G shall
cause the Financial Rehabilitation Program to be prepared by
combining the results of work performed for this purpose by
consultants and by various study commissions, and shall immediately
thereafter begin and continue carrying out the Financial Rehabilita-
tion Program in a manner satisfactory to the Bank and according to
a timetable satisfactory to the Bank. The Financial Rehabilitation
Program shall include, inter alia, a plan and timetable for
modifying EPAP-G's tariff structure, for reducing unaccounted-for
water and for improving metering, billing and collection practices,
all so as to improve revenues for EPAP-G. Such plan may include
measures aimed at contracting with a private firm to carry out
commercial activities, such as billing and collection, on behalf of
EPAP-G in certain areas of Guayaquil or Guayas Province.
      (b)   Until its completion and not later than September 30 of
each year, EPAP-G shall update the Financial Rehabilitation Program,
including performance and financial targets satisfactory to the Bank
which are consistent, inter alia, with the targets referred to in
Section 4.02 (a) of this Agreement.
      (c)   Without limitation to the foregoing, EPAP-G and the Bank
shall, from time to time, review the financial condition and
operational performance of EPAP-G. To that effect, EPAP-G shall,
before September 30 of each year and at all other times as the Bank
shall reasonably request, provide all information necessary or
appropriate for the purpose of conducting such reviews.
      Section 4.04. Before September 30, 1991, EPAP-G shall hire
consultants to conduct an inventory and revaluation of EPAP-G's
assets, and EPAP-G shall cause such inventory and revaluation to be
completed no later than April 30, 1992.
      Section 4.05. EPAP-G shall cause a consultant to develop an
integrated general and cost accounting, budgeting and long-term
financial planning system, satisfactory to the Bank, which shall be
operational by no later than October 31, 1991. EPAP-G shall have all
its accounting current (or within no more than one month of being
current) by no later than January 31, 1992.
      Section 4.06. (a) Before August 30, 1991, EPAP-G shall furnish
to the Bank the audit reports and certified copies of financial
statements for calendar year 1988 and through August 3 of calendar
year 1989 which EMAP-G should have furnished to the Bank pursuant to
Section 5.01 (b) (ii) of the Loan Agreement (as such Section read
prior to the Loan Agreement's amendment pursuant to Article III of
the Loan Assumption Agreement).
      (b)   Also before August 30, 1991, EPAP-G shall furnish to the
Bank an audit report and a certified copy of its financial state-
ments for that part of calendar year 1989 beginning on August 3 and
for calendar year 1990, as if Section 4.01 (b) (ii) of this
Agreement had been in effect for such periods.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
Page  7
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Assumption Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of EPAP-G thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify EPAP-G thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               197688 (ITT),
                  Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA) or
                                           64145 (WUI)
      For EPAP-G:
            Empresa Provincial de Agua Potable del Guayas
            Clemente Ballen 211
            Casilla 5253
            Guayaquil, Ecuador
                                          Telex:
                                            3398 EPAPGY-ED
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of EPAP-G may be taken or executed by its
Director Ejecutivo or such other person or persons as its Director
Ejecutivo shall designate in writing, and EPAP-G shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. All actions taken, rights acquired or obliga-
tions incurred under the Loan Agreement by EMAP-G as Project
executing agency (as distinguished from its former role as Borrower)
shall be valid and binding on EPAP-G as though EPAP-G had been
EMAP-G and the coming into effect of this Agreement shall not affect
the consequences of any action taken or omitted to be taken by the
Bank or EMAP-G as Project executing agency (as distinguished from
its former role as Borrower) under the Loan Agreement.
Page  8
      Section 6.04. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                        EMPRESA PROVINCIAL DE AGUA POTABLE
                          DEL GUAYAS
                        By /s/ Galo Betancourt S?nchez
                                         Authorized Representative
