Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3542 ME
                        Guarantee Agreement
        (Labor Market and Productivity Enhancement Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 18, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3542 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 18, 1992, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred seventy-four
million dollars ($174,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out or cause to be carried
out the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with the Program and with appropriate financial, educational and
administrative standards and practices. Without limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee
Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and
the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, in a timely manner
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements. The
Guarantor shall exercise its rights under such contractual
arrangements in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
The Guarantor shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which
interferes or threatens to interfere with the performance by the
Guarantor of its obligations under the contractual arrangements
referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall carry out or cause to be
carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with regard
to the Project.
Page  3
      Section 3.04. With regard to Part A.2 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through STPS, shall provide support services to MSMEs
through a cost-sharing scheme for such services whereby: (a) with
regard to training under Part A.2 (a) of the Project, the Guarantor
shall ensure that the percentage of costs borne by MSMEs shall start
at 65% and shall increase to 85% by the end of Project
implementation; (b) with regard to consulting services under Part
A.2 (b) of the Project, the Guarantor shall ensure that the
percentage of costs borne by MSMEs shall start at 30% and shall
increase to 60% by the end of Project implementation; and (c) MSMEs
shall receive the remaining percentage of costs from the Guarantor
not as advances made by the Guarantor, but only as reimbursements
made by the Guarantor for training and consulting costs already
incurred by the MSMEs.
      Section 3.05. (a) With regard to Part A.4 (a) (i) of the
Project, the Guarantor, through STPS, shall publicly invite training
centers and independent instructors to present proposals for
participation in the training covered by such Part of the Project.
Centers or instructors to benefit from such training shall be
selected by the Guarantor, through STPS, according to criteria which
have already been presented to and agreed with the Bank and are
dated November 18, 1992. With regard to Part A.4 (b) of the Project,
the Guarantor, through STPS, shall provide equipment to a maximum of
five of such selected centers (with a value per center not to exceed
the equivalent of $100,000 and not to be below $10,000 equivalent).
The Guarantor shall retain title to such equipment but shall require
the centers to be responsible for its operation and maintenance.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through STPS, shall enter into a
renewable one-year term contract, satisfactory to the Bank, with
each center receiving equipment under paragraph (a) of this Section.
Such contract and the first one-year renovation thereof shall each
require each such center to provide training services to workers or
enterprises at a discount which results in savings equal to at least
15% per year of the cost of such equipment. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce
any provision of the contracts referred to in this paragraph.
     (c)   The Guarantor, through STPS, shall reimburse each
instructor selected under paragraph (a) of this Section for only 70%
of the costs borne by such instructor in obtaining the training it
receives under Part A.4 (a) (i) of the Project.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall, through STPS, by no later
than March 31, 1993, enter into an agreement, satisfactory to the
Bank, with the Borrower and SECOFI for coordinating support to MSMEs
under Part A.3 of the Project, which agreement shall contain
provisions consistent with the terms of the Program. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not change or fail
to enforce any provision of such agreement.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Part A.4 (a) (ii) of the Project,
the Guarantor, through STPS, shall provide training services to
instructors belonging to workers' associations, under a financing
scheme whereby the Guarantor reimburses such instructors for only
70% of the costs borne by such instructors or their workers'
associations in obtaining such services. Only workers' associations
which have signed the Acuerdo Nacional para la Elevacion de la
Productividad y la Calidad (National Productivity Agreement) with
the Guarantor or similar agreements with private enterprises or
groups of private enterprises may qualify for such services for
their instructors.
      Section 3.08. With regard to Part A.7 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through STPS, shall publicly invite proposals for the
creation of five quality control laboratories and shall select
winning proposals according to criteria which have already been
presented to and agreed with the Bank and are dated November 18,
1992. Such proposals, including feasibility studies, shall be sent
to the Bank for approval before the selections are announced. For
each such laboratory, the Guarantor, through STPS, shall provide
Page  4
equipment (with a value per laboratory not to exceed the equivalent
of $100,000). The Guarantor, through STPS, shall enter into a
renewable one-year term contract, satisfactory to the Bank, with
each such laboratory, whereby the laboratory is required to provide
laboratory services to MSMEs at a discount which, according to each
such contract and the first one-year renovation thereof, results in
savings equal to at least 15% per year of the cost of such
equipment. The Guarantor shall retain title to such equipment but
shall require the laboratories to be responsible for its operation
and maintenance. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce any provision of the
contracts referred to in this Section.
      Section 3.09. (a) With regard to Part B.1 (a) of the Project,
the Guarantor, through STPS, shall prepare revised SEE operational
manuals, satisfactory to the Bank, by no later than June 30, 1993.
      (b)   With regard to Part B.1 (g) of the Project, the
Guarantor shall act pursuant to the guidelines referred to in
paragraph 3 (c) of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement and shall cause
an evaluation committee (consisting of the Director General of DGE,
the Director and three Sub-Directors of SNE and three randomly
chosen SEE Directors) to gauge SEE staff performance according to
efficiency indicators which have already been presented to and
agreed with the Bank and are dated November 18, 1992. Such committee
shall be operational no later than June 30, 1993.
      (c)   With regard to Part B.1 of the Project, the Guarantor,
through STPS, shall enter into annual agreements, satisfactory to
the Bank, with each of the States, whereby the States, inter alia,
agree to:
      (i)   contribute to the costs of operating and maintaining
            SEEs with State funds at levels at or above those
            contributed by the States during 1992;
      (ii)  gradually incorporate federal SEE staff into the social
            security system at the expense of the States;
      (iii) adhere to the guidelines and manuals referred to in
            paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section; and
      (iv)  comply with the same obligations, mutatis mutandis, as
            are set forth for the Guarantor in Article IV of this
            Agreement, to the extent they apply to execution by the
            States of part of the Project.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not
change or fail to enforce any provision of such annual agreements
with the States. The Guarantor shall not allow any State to
undertake any procurement or consultant contracting using Loan
proceeds.
      Section 3.10. (a) With regard to Parts B.4 and B.5 of the
Project, the Guarantor, through STPS (and in coordination with INEA
for Part B.5 of the Project), shall: (i) select trainees according
to criteria which have already been presented to and agreed with the
Bank and are dated November 18, 1992; (ii) pay trainees during their
training a stipend equal to the applicable regional legal minimum
wage (plus a transportation supplement in the case of classroom
trainees under Part B.4 of the Project); (iii) carry out Part B.5 of
the Project as a pilot phase during June-December 1993 according to
guidelines, satisfactory to the Bank, prepared no later than May 31,
1993; and (iv) present an evaluation of the results of such pilot
phase to the Bank no later than May 31, 1994 and, if the Bank so
agrees, carry out Part B.5 of the Project beyond such pilot phase in
accordance with an agreement, satisfactory to the Bank, between STPS
and INEA.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall carry out the plan of action
referred to in Section 5.01 (a) of the Loan Agreement in accordance
with its terms.
Page  5
      Section 3.11. (a) With regard to Part B.6 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through STPS, shall publicly invite training institutions
(except CONALEP) to present proposals to receive complementary
training equipment. Institutions to receive such training equipment
shall be selected by the Guarantor, through STPS, according to
criteria which have already been presented to and agreed with the
Bank and are dated November 18, 1992. The Guarantor, through STPS,
shall provide such equipment to such selected institutions (with a
value per training program offered by each such institution under
this Project not to exceed the equivalent of $40,000). The Guarantor
shall retain title to such equipment but shall require the
institutions to be responsible for its operation and maintenance.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through STPS, shall enter into a
renewable one-year term contract, satisfactory to the Bank, with
each privately-owned institution selected under paragraph (a) of
this Section. Such contract and the first one-year renovation
thereof shall each require each such institution to provide training
services to trainees at a discount which results in savings equal to
at least 15% of the cost of such equipment. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce
any provision of the contracts referred to in this paragraph.
      Section 3.12. With regard to Part C.1 of the Project, the
Guarantor, through STPS, shall monitor the labor market based on
short-, medium- and long-term statistics, to be defined in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank no later than April 30, 1993 and thereafter
updated and published on a regular basis.
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor, through STPS, shall cause Part
C.2 of the Project to be carried out: (a) through the November 11,
1992 umbrella agreement (Bases de Colaboracion) between STPS and
INEGI; (b) through specific agreements between STPS and INEGI, under
the framework of said umbrella agreement, for each individual survey
to be undertaken by INEGI; and (c) through agreements with other
research centers to carry out labor market surveys, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank. The Guarantor, through STPS,
shall cause all questionnaires for such surveys to be provided to
the Bank for approval, shall cause all survey results to be
published, and shall require INEGI and the other research centers to
make their survey micro-data (in computer tape format and without
violating confidentiality provisions of Mexican law) publicly
available as promptly as possible after such data's collection.
      Section 3.14. By no later than January 31 and July 31 of each
year, beginning in July 1993, the Guarantor, through STPS, shall
submit to the Bank semiannual progress reports with regard to the
implementation of the Project, such reports to be in a format
satisfactory to the Bank and to include: (a) data pertaining to the
timetables, targets and indicators referred to in the Implementation
Letter; and (b) terms of reference, satisfactory to the Bank, for
studies under Part C.3 of the Project, as well as for Project
monitoring and evaluation under Part C.5 of the Project, to be
conducted within the six months subsequent to each such progress
report.
      Section 3.15. (a) The Guarantor, through STPS and SHCP, shall
participate in annual reviews of Project implementation to be held
in conjunction with the Bank each month of November during Project
implementation, beginning in 1993. Such reviews shall, inter alia,
focus on discussing the topics referred to in the Implementation
Letter (with regard to annual reviews) and on analyzing the annual
progress reports referred to in Section 3.14 of this Agreement. As
part of each such review, the Bank may require that the Guarantor,
through STPS, prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, to
make adjustments in Project implementation. The Guarantor, through
STPS, shall furnish such action plan to the Bank no later than one
month after the conclusion of the review in question and shall
thereafter carry out, or cause to be carried out, such action plan
in accordance with its terms. Each such action plan shall specify,
inter alia, that the Guarantor shall not provide training under Part
Page  6
B.4 of the Project to more than 55,000 trainees per year unless such
training is provided in a manner that takes into account the results
of the evaluation referred to in Section 5.01 (a) of the Loan
Agreement.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through STPS, shall participate in a
Project implementation mid-term review to be held with the Bank as
part of the annual review to be held in November 1995. During such
mid-term review, attention shall particularly focus, inter alia, on
the topics referred to in the Implementation Letter (with regard to
the mid-term review).
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor, through STPS, shall maintain
or cause to be maintained records and separate accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices, the
resources and expenditures in connection with the execution of the
Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, for each fiscal
                  year, audited in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts, as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and separate accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts
                  are included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      (d)   The Guarantor shall provide to the Borrower all records
Page  7
and accounts necessary to allow the Borrower to perform its
obligations punctually under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de
              Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
            Piso 4, Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico D.F.
            Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                             1777313  SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Mexico City, Mexico, as of the
day and year first above written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Rainer Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Honorary Witness:
Page  8
Arsenio Farell Cubillas
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable contracts shall be grouped into bid
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or more for
goods.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods pursuant to the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    The following items may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank:
      (a)   Rehabilitation and refurbishing works estimated to cost
more than $50,000 equivalent per contract or per bid package.
      (b)   Goods estimated to cost more than $50,000 equivalent but
less than $250,000 equivalent per contract or per bid package, up to
an aggregate of $2,000,000 equivalent.
      (c)   Printing of promotion and information materials and
publication, estimated to cost more than $50,000 equivalent per
contract or per bid package.
2.    The following items may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank:
      (a)   Rehabilitation and refurbishing works estimated to cost
$50,000 equivalent or less per contract or per bid package, up to an
aggregate of $1,400,000 equivalent.
      (b)   Goods estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount of $1,200,000
equivalent.
      (c)   Printing of promotion and information materials and
publications, estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate of $1,400,000
equivalent.
3.    Printing of promotion and information materials and
publications may be procured through direct contracting if such
items are proprietary and thus obtainable only from one source.
Part D:     Standard Documents
      All procurement for goods or works or printing, whether or not
international competitive bidding applies, shall take place using
Page  9
standard bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank.
Part E:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Documents, Procedures
            and Decisions
1.    Review of the invitations to bid and of the proposed awards
and of final contracts:
      (a)   with respect to: (i) each contract procured under Part
A.1 of this section; and (ii) the first contract for equipment and
the first contract for printing of promotion and information
materials and publications, the procedures set forth in paragraphs
2 and for of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contracts are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying out the Project,
the Guarantor shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review or
approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of reference for
consultants, to the hiring of individuals, to single-source hiring
of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably deter-
mined by the Bank (such as assignments to carry out environmental
assessments) and to amendments of contracts raising the contract
value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
