Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2302-2 NI
                     Second Agreement Amending
                   Development Credit Agreement
                    (Economic Recovery Credit)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 25, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2302-2 NI
                     SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 25, 1993, between the REPUBLIC OF
NICARAGUA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Economic Recovery Credit), dated
October 8, 1991, (the Development Credit Agreement) for the purpose
of assisting in the financing of the program referred to in Recital
(A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the
Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into an
Agreement Amending Development Credit (Economic Recovery Credit)
dated May 15, 1992 whereby additional assistance was made available
to the Borrower for the financing of the Program;
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
further additional assistance towards the financing of the Program
by increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to six
million one hundred and thirty thousand Special Drawing Rights
Page  2
(SDR 6,130,000); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by:
      (a)   in paragraph (j) the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 45,550,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount "SDR
51,680,000";
      (b)   deleting the word "and" after paragraph (k) thereof;
      (c)   substituting the stop at the end of paragraph (l)
thereof by a semicolon and adding the word "and" after such
semicolon; and
      (d)   by adding the following new paragraph (m):
            "(m) "Second Amending Agreement" means the Second
      Agreement Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Economic
      Recovery Credit) between the Borrower and the Association,
      dated February 25, 1993."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to ninety-seven million four hundred and
      thirty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 97,430,000) (the
      Credit), which includes an original amount in various
      currencies equivalent to eighty-three million five hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 83,500,000), an
      additional amount in various currencies equivalent to seven
      million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
      (SDR 7,800,000) (the Additional Financing) and an additional
      amount in various currencies equivalent to six million one
      hundred and thirty thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
      6,130,000) (the Second Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. The proviso at the end of Section 2.04 (b) of
the Development Credit Agreement is deleted and a new proviso is
added at the end of Section 2.04 (b) (i) before the semicolon and
the word "and" to read as follows:
                  "provided, however, that any commitment charge on
            (A) the Additional Financing shall accrue from a date
            sixty days after the date of the Amending Agreement; and
            (B) the Second Additional Financing shall accrue from a
            date sixty days after the date of the Second Amending
            Agreement"
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 4 (a) of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 11,200,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount "SDR
51,680,000".
      Section 1.05. A new paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement is added to read as follows:
                  "7. After a date twelve (12) months from the date
Page  3
            of the Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall
            be made and no commitment shall be entered into to pay
            amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
            expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the
            Second Additional Financing. At any time after such
            date, the Association may, by notice to the Borrower,
            cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Second Additional
            Financing from the Credit Account or any part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pur-
suant to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to
the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the
Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on
behalf of the Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the
Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with
its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if this
Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA
                        By /s/ Ernesto Palazio Hurtado
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Page  4
