Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2302 NI
                    (Economic Recovery Credit)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated October 8, 1991
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2302 NI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 8, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF
NICARAGUA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
July 25, 1991 from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports required during such execution;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the Swiss Confederation (Switzerland) a non-reimbursable contribu-
tion (the Swiss Contribution) in an amount equivalent to five
million U.S. dollars (US$5,000,000) to assist the Borrower in the
execution of the Program on terms and conditions to be set forth in
an agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and
Page  2
Switzerland;
      (C)   Switzerland has appointed the Association to administer
the Swiss Contribution in accordance with the provisions of the
Procedural Arrangements between Switzerland and the Association,
dated May 9, 1990, and the Association has accepted such appoint-
ment; and
      (D)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Asso-
ciation has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit as hereinafter
provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to
      the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BCN" means Banco Central de Nicaragua, the Central Bank
of the Borrower, established by Decree No. 525, dated July 28, 1960;
      (b)   "BI" means Banco Inmobiliario, the Borrower's bank in
charge of financing the acquisition of real estate, established by
Decree No. 558, dated October 25, 1980;
      (c)   "BND" means Banco Nacional de Desarrollo, the Borrower's
national development bank, established by Decree-Law of October 26,
1940;
      (d)   "BNIC" means Banco Nicaragcense de Industria y Comercio,
the Borrower's bank for industry and commerce, established by public
deed dated January 13, 1953;
      (e)   "BP" means Banco Popular, a commercial bank of the
Borrower, established by Decree No. 331, dated April 14, 1972;
      (f)   "CORFIN" means Corporacion Financiera de Nicaragua, the
Borrower's corporation holding the shares of the state-owned
commercial banks, established by Decree No. 463, dated July 2, 1980;
Page  3
      (g)   "CORNAP" means Junta General de Corporaciones Nacionales
del Area Publica, the Borrower's committee in charge of the state-
owned companies, established pursuant to Decree No. 7/90;
      (h)   "Fiscal Year 1992" means the Borrower's budgetary year
starting on January 1, 1992 and ending on December 31, 1992;
      (i)   "First Tranche" means a portion of the Credit not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 41,750,000, to be released by the
Association on or after the Effective Date;
      (j)   "Second Tranche" means a portion of the Credit not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 41,750,000, to be released by the
Association on or after the date on which the conditions referred to
in paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement have been met; and
      (k)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classi-
fication, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev. 3 (1986).
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eighty-three million and five hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 83,500,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1992, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Page  4
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15 commenc-
ing January 15, 2002 and ending July 15, 2031. Each installment to
and including the installment payable on July 15, 2011 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The President of BCN is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts BCN with responsibility for the preparation
of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for the collection
of the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the Associa-
tion in support of such applications; such withdrawal applications
shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as to apply for
withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than SDR 190,000
equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
Page  5
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
            (ii)  subject to paragraph (o) of Schedule 3 to this
                  Agreement in relation to the Second Tranche,
                  furnish to the Association as soon as available
                  but in any case not later than ninety days after
                  the last withdrawal from the Credit Account has
                  been made under each the First and Second Tranch-
                  es, a certified copy of the report of the audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested;
            (iii) furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than four months after
                  the end of each fiscal year, a certified copy of
                  the report of the audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
            (iv)  furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audits referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
Page  6
                            ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program.
      Section 5.02. The date January 6, 1992 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Economy and Development of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Economia y Desarrollo
            Carretera Masaya
            Frente al Camino de Oriente
            Apartado 8
            Managua, Nicaragua
                                          Telex:
                                            2410
       For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
                                          Telex:
                                             197688 (TRT),
                                             248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA
                  By /s/ Emilio Pereira Alegria
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  7
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
Group       Sub-group               Description of Items
112               -                 Alcoholic beverages
121               -                 Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobac-
                                    co refuse
122               -                 Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco sub-
                                    stitutes)
525               -                 Radioactive and associated ma-
                                    terials
667               -                 Pearls, precious and semi-pre-
                                    cious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
Group       Sub-group               Description of Items
718         718.7                   Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements (cart-
                                    ridges), non-irradiated for
                                    nuclear reactors
897         897.3                   Jewelry of gold, silver or pla-
                                    tinum group metals (except wat-
                                    ches and watch cases) and gold-
                                    smiths' or silversmiths' wares
                                    (including set gems)
971         -                       Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods and services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 41,750,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after
November 1, 1990;
      (d)   expenditures for goods and services procured under
contracts costing less than $5,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
Page  8
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance;
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
      (g)   expenditures for crude oil imports in amounts which
shall exceed the equivalent of 50% of the amount of the Credit.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$1,000,000 may be permitted by the Association upon the basis of
statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 41,750,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; (b) that the actions described in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken in form and substance
satisfactory to the Association; and (c) that the macroeconomic
policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with the objectives
of the Program.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 3
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved in the carrying out of the Program or the
actions taken pursuant to Schedule 3 to this Agreement are not
satisfactory, or that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is not consistent with the objectives of the Program, and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
or the Borrower's macroeconomic policy framework continues not to be
consistent with the objectives of the Program, then the Association
may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 3 of this Schedule, contracts
for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
$3,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through international
competitive bidding in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the following modifica-
tions:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
            (ii)  an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
Page  9
                  technical journal of wide international circula-
                  tion; or
            (iii) a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                  quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $3,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by public sector purchasers: (i) on the basis of
advertised competitive bidding procedures satisfactory to the
Association, in the case of goods costing more than the equivalent
to $1,000,000; and (ii) on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
quotations from at least two suppliers eligible under the Guide-
lines, in the case of goods costing the equivalent of $1,000,000 or
less; and
      (b)   by private sector purchasers, in accordance with
established commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall
be: (i) awarded on the basis of evaluation and comparison of
quotations obtained from at least two suppliers eligible under the
guidelines, except that direct contracting procedures acceptable to
the Association may be used where considered appropriate under
paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines, or (ii) subject to pre-shipment
verification of quantity, quality and price of such goods by an
independent inspection firm acceptable to the Association.
3.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2 and
3 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the submission to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof,
such documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract.
6.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 5 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
Page  10
      (a)   the budget for Fiscal Year 1992 has been adopted;
      (b)   an action plan for the carrying out of the recommenda-
tions of the study on  public expenditures carried out by the
Borrower has been presented to the Association;
      (c)   the following measures to strengthen tax administration
have been taken: (i) the unit in the Borrower's Internal Revenue
Service (Direccion General de Ingresos) in charge of large taxpayers
has become operational; (ii) decrees imposing sanctions for non-
compliance and/or late payments of taxes have been issued; and (iii)
programs on automated management control system, computerized
taxpayer identification system and training for personnel of the
Borrower's Internal Revenue Service (Direccion General de Ingresos)
and Customs (Direccion General de Aduanas) have been initiated;
      (d)   the privatization of at least 25 companies under the
control of the Borrower, through CORNAP, has been completed;
      (e)   the devolution to the original owners or the liquidation
or the transfer to the private sector of at least 50 companies under
the control of the Borrower, through CORNAP, has been completed;
      (f)   at least 30 companies under the control of the Borrower,
through CORNAP, other than those referred to in paragraphs (d) and
(e) above, have been prepared for sale to the private sector;
      (g)   BI has been liquidated or merged with BNIC;
      (h)   CORFIN has been dissolved;
      (i)   progress has been achieved in the carrying out of the
action plan, agreed with the Association, for the restructuring of
BNIC, BND and BP;
      (j)   a bill or bills of law regulating the functions and
activities of the banks and other similar financial institutions
operating in the territory of the Borrower has been presented to the
Borrower's National Assembly;
      (k)   at least 2 licenses allowing private banks to operate in
the territory of the Borrower have been issued;
      (l)   the protection resulting from combined tariffs and taxes
that apply to imports in Nicaragua has been reduced to a minimum of
10 percent and a maximum of 40 percent, except with respect to
medicines, books and newsprint which may be exempt from such tariffs
and taxes or subject to tariffs and taxes at a combined rate lower
than the minimum rate referred to above;
      (m)   the quotas on the importation of rice, yellow corn and
white maize have been abolished and a mechanism for the importation
of such commodities, based on price with variable levies, has been
established;
      (n)   all restrictions on the importation of food grains other
than those referred to in paragraph (m) above have been abolished;
and
      (o)   a certified copy of the audit report referred to in
Section 3.03 (ii) of this Agreement in respect of the First Tranche
has been furnished to the Association.
