Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3937 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
               (Privatization Technical Assistance Project)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                           Dated October 8, 1995
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3937 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 8, 1995, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in an amount equal to thirty million Dollars
Page  2
($30,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree
to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such
loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to
undertake such other obligations as set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Single
Currency Loan and Guarantee Agreements for Single Currency
Loans" of the Bank, dated May 30, 1995 (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor
and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and
the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the
punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be
provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall, with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate environmental,
financial, technical and administrative standards and
practices, as well as in accordance with the periodically
adjustable implementation schedule and targets set forth in the
Implementation Letter, carry out the Project through CID.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into, and comply
with the terms of, the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement.  Except as the Bank may
otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not amend or fail to
enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.  The
Guarantor shall exercise its rights under such contractual
arrangements in such a manner as to protect the interests of
the Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of
the Loan.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall carry out or cause to be
carried out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
respectively to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, and maintenance) with regard to
the Project.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall, through CID,
maintain or cause to be maintained records and separate
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the operations, resources and
expenditures in connection with the execution of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as
                  well as the audit thereof as the Bank
                  shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                  such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account or payment out of the Special Account
                  was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
           (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor
shall provide to the Borrower any information that may be
required by the Borrower to comply with the Borrower's
obligations under Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
Page  4
      Section 3.06. With regard to each sector covered by Part
B.1 of the Project, the Guarantor, through CID, shall (as
applicable according to the Implementation Letter and action
plans referred to in Section 3.08 (b) (ii) of this Agreement)
first carry out a diagnostic study of the relevant sector
(including an assessment of environmental and resettlement
issues and recommendations required to address such issues),
then identify the proper policy, structural and legal framework
for privatizations within that sector and
subsequently define a comprehensive strategy - consistent with
the conclusions of the diagnostic study - for implementing that
framework.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Parts A.2 and B.2 of the
Project, the only training activities to be carried out shall
be those included in the training components of the action
plans referred to in Section 3.08 (b) (ii) of this Agreement.
      Section 3.08. (a) Throughout the course of Project
implementation, and without limitation of the provisions of
Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor shall
furnish to the Bank, by no later than 30 days prior to each
semi-annual review referred to in paragraph (b) of this
Section:  (i) a semi-annual progress report, in form
satisfactory to the Bank and based on the targets set forth in
the Implementation Letter, on implementation of the Project;
and (ii) a training proposal, prepared according to a format
satisfactory to the Bank, for purposes of Parts A.2 and B.2 of
the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through CID, shall hold reviews of
Project implementation with the Bank and the Borrower every six
months during Project implementation, beginning in January 15,
1996.  Each such semi-annual review shall, based inter alia on
the reports and proposals referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section:
            (i)   examine the status of Project implementation;
                  and
            (ii)  result in the preparation by the Guarantor, at
                  the conclusion of each such review, of a semi-
                  annual action plan for the Project,
                  satisfactory to the Bank (and including a
                  training component), to be carried out or
                  caused to be carried out by the Guarantor
                  during the immediately subsequent six months,
                  each of which action plans may contain, inter
                  alia, the periodic adjustment to the
                  implementation schedule and targets referred to
                  in Section 3.01 of this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Insurgentes Sur 826, piso 9
            Colonia del Valle
            03100 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
Page  5
                                    Telex:
                                      1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:          Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD           248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.     82987 (FTCC)
                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                      197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                        By  /s/ Guillermo Ortiz
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By  /s/ Shahid Javed Burki1
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
                                 SCHEDULE
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     General
      Goods shall be procured in accordance with the provisions
of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in January 1995
(the Guidelines) and the following provisions of this Section,
as applicable.
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost $350,000 or more
each.
3.    The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Page  6
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Guarantor to be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of this Part B.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    National Competitive Bidding
      Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$350,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $2,150,000, may be procured, using
standard bidding documents satisfactory to the Bank, under
contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
2.    National or International Shopping
      Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$100,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $750,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of national or international shopping
procedures in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3.5
and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitations to bid for
contracts, the proposed procurement plan for the Project shall
be furnished to the Bank for its review and approval, in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines.  Procurement of all goods shall be undertaken
in accordance with such procurement plan as shall have been
approved by the Bank, and with the provisions of said paragraph
1.
2.    Prior Review
      With respect to each contract covered by Part B of Section
I of this Schedule, as well as with respect to the first two
contracts covered by Part C.1 of Section I of this Schedule,
the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply.
3.    Post Review
      With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Bank.  Where no relevant standard contract documents have been
issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable to the Bank
shall be used.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to:  (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
Page  7
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each.  However, said exceptions to
prior Bank review shall not apply to:  (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts; (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms; (c) assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Bank; (d) amendments to contracts
for the employment of consulting firms estimated to cost
$100,000 equivalent or above or for the employment of
individual consultants estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or
above; or (e) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above or for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
