Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3343 POL
                (Agricultural Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                      NATIONAL BANK OF POLAND
                        Dated July 10, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3343 POL
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 10, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NATIONAL BANK OF
POLAND (NBP).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Poland (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred million dollars ($100,000,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but
only on condition that NBP agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and NBP, the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be re-lent to NBP on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS NBP, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of Part B of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) NBP declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part B of the Project
and conduct its operations and affairs in accordance with sound
financial standards and practices, with qualified management and
personnel, and in accordance with the Act and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the purpose.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and NBP shall otherwise
agree, NBP shall carry out Part B of the Project in accordance with
the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule to this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) NBP shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Part B of the Project
and of each Sub-project (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
Part B of the Project.
      (b)   NBP shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section and the records and
                  accounts for the separate accounts referred to in
                  Section 3.02 of this Agreement for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                  records and accounts for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, NBP
shall, in respect of repayments in dollars and, separately, in
respect of repayments in Zlotys, to NBP under the Subsidiary Lending
Agreements:
      (a)   open, by the date on which it shall receive the first
repayment of principal under any such Subsidiary Lending Agreement,
and, thereafter, maintain a separate account on its books in
accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01 (a) of this
Agreement; and
Page  3
      (b)   upon receipt of each such repayment, credit the same to
the said separate account. All amounts to be so credited shall be
utilized by NBP, to the extent they are not yet required to meet
NBP's repayment obligations to the Borrower under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, exclusively to finance, through the Participating
Banks, specific development projects similar to the Sub-projects on
terms and conditions similar to those applicable to the Sub-loans.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of NBP thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify NBP thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For NBP:
            National Bank of Poland
            Swietokrzyska 11/21
            00-950 Warsaw
            Republic of Poland
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  NARBANK                   814681 NBP PL
                  Poland
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of NBP may be taken or executed by the President
of NBP or such other person or persons as the President of NBP shall
designate in writing, and NBP shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
Page  4
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                        NATIONAL BANK OF POLAND
                        By /s/ Jacek Tomorowicz
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                      Implementation Program
                     for Part B of the Project
      The provisions of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes
of Section 2.01 (b) of this Agreement.
A.    General
1.    NBP shall: (a) duly perform all its obligations under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, not take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of assigning, amending, abrogating or waiving the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof; (b) at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Part B
of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other matters
relating to the purposes of Part B of the Project; and (c) promptly
inform the Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of Part B of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes thereof, or the performance by NBP of
its obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
2.    NBP shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Part B of the
Project.
B.    Part B (1) of the Project
1.    NBP shall carry out the Credit facility under Part B (1) of
the Project through the Participating Banks, and, to this end,
without limitation upon its other obligations under this Agreement,
NBP shall:
      (a)   make available to the Participating Banks the equivalent
of the proceeds of the Loan referred to in the Annex to this
Schedule under subsidiary lending agreements to be entered into
between the Borrower and each of the Participating Banks, under
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the Bank and
Page  5
which shall include those set forth in said Annex; and
      (b)   exercise its rights under the Subsidiary Lending
Agreements in such manner as to protect the interests of the Bank
and NBP and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of the Subsidiary Lending
Agreements, or any provision thereof.
2.    NBP shall:
      (a)   coordinate and monitor the overall execution of Part B
(1) of the Project and supervise the carrying out by the
Participating Banks of their obligations pursuant to their
respective Subsidiary Lending Agreements in accordance with policies
and procedures satisfactory to the Bank;
      (b)   take all measures to ensure that the aggregate amount of
all Sub-loans, or the amount of any one Sub-loan, made by the
Participating Banks and the Participating Cooperative Banks, or any
one Participating Bank or Participating Cooperative Bank, to any one
Beneficiary shall not exceed the equivalent of $5,000,000; and
      (c)   in order to facilitate the carrying out of the tasks
referred to in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph, maintain
its Project Appraisal and Implementation Division with facilities,
staff and other resources and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank.
C.    Part B (2) of the Project
1.    In order to assist NBP in the carrying out of Part B (2) of
the Project, NBP shall employ consultants with qualifications,
experience and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    NBP shall take all measures required on its part to ensure
that the monitoring system under Part B (2) of the Project shall be
developed and its implementation initiated by June 30, 1992.
                         ANNEX TO SCHEDULE
                       Terms and Conditions
                of the Subsidiary Lending Agreements
      Further to the provisions of paragraph 2 (b) of Part B of the
Schedule to this Agreement, the principal terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in this Annex shall apply for the purposes of
paragraph 1 (a) said Part B.
A.    Terms
(1)   The principal amount of a Subsidiary Lending to be made
available to a Participating Bank under its respective Subsidiary
Lending Agreement shall be:
      (a)   the equivalent of the aggregate amount of the principal
of all Sub-loans made out of the proceeds thereof either directly by
the Participating Bank or through the Participating Cooperative
Banks; and
      (b)   denominated in dollars and Zlotys, with the portion
thereof denominated in dollars being the sum total of the Sub-loans
made out of its proceeds and denominated in dollars, and with the
portion thereof denominated in Zlotys being the sum total of the
Sub-loans made out of its proceeds and denominated in Zlotys.
(2)   The portion of the Subsidiary Loan denominated in: (a) dollars
shall be charged, on the principal amount thereof withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, interest during each six-month period
commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each calendar year at a rate
equal to LIBOR plus a margin, as shall be calculated by NBP on the
basis of guidelines acceptable to the Bank; and (b) Zlotys shall be
charged, an the principal amount thereof withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, interest at the same rate charged from time to
time by NBP on similar loans denominated in Zlotys and made out of
Page  6
its own resources in accordance with its applicable policies, as
such rate shall be reviewed from time to time by the Bank and NBP
and adjusted, as necessary, by agreement between the Bank and NBP.
(3)   Each Subsidiary Lending shall be repaid in accordance with an
amortization schedule pursuant to which each portion thereof
utilized in the making of a Sub-loan, directly or through a
Participating Cooperative Bank, shall have a maturity calculated to
conform to the amortization schedule applicable to such Sub-loan.
(4)   The right of each Participating Bank to the use of the
proceeds of its respective Subsidiary Lending shall be: (a) sus-
pended upon failure by such Participating Bank to perform any of its
obligations under its respective Subsidiary Lending Agreement; and
(b) terminated if such right shall have been suspended pursuant to
subparagraph (a) hereof for a continuous period of sixty days.
B.    Conditions
      A Subsidiary Lending Agreement may be entered into with a
regional cooperative bank or a commercial bank, duly established and
operating under the laws of the Borrower, which NBP shall have
determined, and the Bank shall have agreed, that such bank:
(1)   is in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements
applicable to its operations;
(2)   is operating pursuant to investment lending policies and
procedures which the Bank and NBP shall have judged acceptable, and
has undertaken to maintain said policies and procedures;
(3)   has a sound financial structure and satisfactory financial
performance, and the organization, management, staff and other
resources required for the efficient carrying out of its operations,
including the activities proposed to be undertaken under Part B (1)
of the Project;
(4)   has adopted and undertaken to maintain suitable procedures to
enable it effectively to finance Sub-projects through Sub-loans to
Beneficiaries made:
      (a)   through Participating Cooperative Banks under Subsidiary
Financing Agreements to be entered into between itself and each such
Participating Cooperative Bank on the terms and conditions set forth
or referred to in Attachment 1 to this Annex; or
      (b)   directly by it on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in Attachment 2 to this Annex;
(5)   has undertaken to exercise its rights under the Subsidiary
Financing Agreements it is a party to and under its agreements
providing for Sub-loans in such manner as to protect its interests
and the interests of the Bank and NBP and to achieve the purposes of
the Loan, and, except as NBP shall otherwise agree, not assign,
amend, abrogate or waive any such agreement or any provision
thereof;
(6)   has undertaken to carry out its activities under Part B (1) of
the Project, appraise Sub-projects financed through Sub-loans made
by it and thereafter supervise the carrying thereof and the carrying
out of the obligations pursuant to the Subsidiary Financing
Agreements it is party to by the respective Participating
Cooperative Banks in accordance with the investment lending policies
and procedures referred to in paragraph B (1) hereof;
(7)   has undertaken to exchange views with, and furnish all such
information to, the Bank or NBP, as may be reasonably requested by
the Bank or NBP, with regard to the progress of its activities under
Part B (1) of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
its respective Subsidiary Lending Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of Part B (1) of the Project;
Page  7
(8)   has undertaken to promptly inform the Bank and NBP of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of its activities under Part B (1) of the Project; and
(9)   has undertaken to: (i) maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition; (ii) have its financial
statements (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by independent
auditors acceptable to the Bank and NBP; (iii) furnish to the Bank,
through NBP, as soon as available, but in any case not later than
six months after the end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
said financial statements and accounts for such year as so audited;
and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors in such scope and
detail as the Bank or NBP shall have reasonably requested; and (iv)
furnish to the Bank, through NBP, such other information concerning
said records, accounts and financial statements as well as the audit
thereof as the Bank or NBP shall from time to time reasonably
request.
                      ATTACHMENT 1 TO THE ANNEX
                            TO SCHEDULE
                    Terms and Conditions of the
                  Subsidiary Financing Agreements
      The principal terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
this Attachment shall apply for the purposes of paragraph (4) (a) of
Part B of the Annex to the Schedule to this Agreement.
A.    Terms
(1)   The principal amount of a Subsidiary Finance to be made
available to a Participating Cooperative Bank under its respective
Subsidiary Financing Agreement shall be:
      (a)   the equivalent of the aggregate amount of the principal
of all Sub-loans made out of the proceeds thereof; and
      (b)   denominated in dollars and Zlotys, with the portion
thereof denominated in dollars being the sum total of the Sub-loans
made out of its proceeds and denominated in dollars, and with the
portion thereof denominated in Zlotys being the sum total of the
Sub-loans made out of its proceeds and denominated in Zlotys.
(2)   Each Subsidiary Finance shall be charged, on the principal
amount thereof withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, interest
at the rate of interest applicable to loans made by the
Participating Bank pursuant to its investment lending policies and
procedures referred to in paragraph B (2) of the Annex to the
Schedule to this Agreement.
(3)   Each Subsidiary Finance shall be repaid in accordance with an
amortization schedule pursuant to which each portion thereof
utilized in the making of a Sub-loan shall have a maturity
calculated to conform to the amortization schedule applicable to
such Sub-loan.
(4)   The right of the Participating Cooperative Bank to the use of
the proceeds of its respective Subsidiary Finance shall be: (a)
suspended upon failure by such Participating Cooperative Bank to
perform any of its obligations under its respective Subsidiary
Financing Agreement; and (b) terminated if such right shall have
been suspended pursuant to subparagraph (a) hereof for a continuous
period of sixty days.
B.    Conditions
      A Subsidiary Financing Agreement may be entered into with a
local cooperative bank, duly established and operating under the
laws of the Borrower, which the Participating Bank shall have
determined, and NBP shall have agreed, that such bank:
Page  8
(1)   is in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements
applicable to its operations;
(2)   is operating pursuant to investment lending policies and
procedures which the Bank, NBP and the Participating Bank shall have
judged acceptable, and has undertaken to maintain said policies and
procedures;
(3)   has a sound financial structure, including a capital adequacy
ratio of at least 3% as calculated in accordance with NBP's
applicable requirements, and a satisfactory financial performance,
and the organization, management, staff and other resources required
for the efficient carrying out of its operations, including the
activities proposed to be undertaken under Part B (1) of the
Project;
(4)   has adopted and undertaken to maintain suitable procedures to
enable it effectively to:
      (a)   finance Sub-projects through Sub-loans made by it to
Beneficiaries on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Attachment 2 to the Annex to the Schedule to this Agreement;
      (b)   exercise its rights under its agreements providing for
Sub-loans in such manner as to protect its interests and the
interests of the Bank, NBP and the Participating Bank and to achieve
the purposes of the Loan, and, except as NBP and the Participating
Bank shall otherwise agree, not assign, amend, abrogate or waive any
such agreement or any provision thereof;
      (c)   carry out its activities under Part B (1) of the
Project, appraise Sub-projects financed through Sub-loans made by it
and thereafter supervise the carrying out thereof, in accordance
with its investment lending policies and procedures referred to in
paragraph B (2) hereof;
      (d)   exchange views with, and furnish all such information to
the Bank, NBP or the Participating Bank, as may be reasonably
requested by the Bank, NBP or the Participating Bank, with regard to
the progress of its activities under Part B (1) of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under its respective Subsidiary
Financing Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of
Part B (1) of the Project; and
      (e)   promptly inform the Bank, NBP and the Participating Bank
of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of its activities under Part B (1) of the Project; and
(5)   has undertaken to: (i) maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition; (ii) have its financial
statements (balance sheets, statements of income and expenses and
related statements) for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by independent
auditors acceptable to the Bank and NBP; (iii) furnish to NBP,
through the Participating Bank, as soon as available, but in any
case not later than six months after the end of each such year: (A)
certified copies of said financial statements and accounts for such
year as so audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
auditors in such scope and detail as NBP or the Participating Bank
shall have reasonably requested; and (iv) furnish to the Bank and
NBP, through the Participating Bank, such other information
concerning said records, accounts and financial statements as well
as the audit thereof as the Bank, NBP or the Participating Bank
shall from time to time reasonably request.
                     ATTACHMENT 2 TO THE ANNEX
                            TO SCHEDULE
               Terms and Conditions of the Sub-loans
      The principal terms and conditions set forth or referred to in
Page  9
this Attachment shall apply for the purposes of paragraph (4) (b) of
Part B of the Annex to the Schedule to this Agreement and of
paragraph (4) (a) of Part B of Attachment 1 to said Annex.
A.    Terms
(1)   The principal amount of each Sub-loan shall be: (a) de-
nominated in dollars or Zlotys, as may be requested by the
Beneficiary; and (b) the equivalent in the currency of denomination
(determined as of the date or respective dates of withdrawal from
the Loan Account or payment out of the Special Account) of the value
of the currency or currencies so withdrawn or paid out on account of
the cost of goods and services financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan for the Sub-project.
(2)   Each Sub-loan shall be charged interest, on the principal
amount thereof withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, at the
rate of interest applicable to loans made by the Participating Bank
or the Participating Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan pursuant
to its investment lending policies and procedures referred to in
paragraph B (2) of the Annex to the Schedule to this Agreement and
paragraph B (2) of Attachment 1 to said Annex, respectively.
(3)   Sub-loans shall each be made for a period of at least two
years but not exceeding 12 years, inclusive of an appropriate grace
period not exceeding three years.
(4)   Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby the Participating
Bank or the Participating Cooperative Bank, as the case may be,
shall obtain, by written contract or other appropriate legal means,
rights adequate to protect its interests and those of the Bank and
NBP, including the right to:
      (a)   suspend or terminate the right of the Beneficiary to the
use of the proceeds of a Sub-loan upon failure by such Beneficiary
to perform its obligations under its contract providing for the Sub-
loan;
      (b)   require that each Beneficiary shall undertake to: (i)
carry out and operate the Sub-project with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with sound technical, financial and
managerial standards and practices and appropriate environmental
standards satisfactory to the Bank, and provide, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities and other resources required for the purpose;
(ii) procure the goods and services to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan at a reasonable price, account being taken also
of other relevant factors such as time of delivery and efficiency
and reliability of the goods and availability of maintenance
facilities and spare parts therefor, and in the case of services, of
their quality and the competence of the parties rendering them, and
use such goods and services exclusively in the carrying out of Sub-
project; (iii) enable the Bank, NBP and the Participating Bank or
Participating Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan to inspect such
goods and the sites and works included in the Sub-project, the
operation thereof, and any relevant records and documents; (iv) take
out and maintain such insurance, against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with sound business practice,
including, without limitation, such insurance to cover hazards
incident to the acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of use or
installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a
currency freely usable by the Beneficiary to replace or repair such
goods; (v) maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
its operations and financial conditions; and (vi) prepare and
furnish to the Participating Bank or the Participating Cooperative
Bank, for forwarding to NBP as may be requested by the Bank or NBP,
all such information as the Bank, NBP or the Participating Bank or
Participating Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan shall reasonably
request relating to the foregoing, to its administration, operations
and financial condition and to the benefits to be derived from the
Sub-project; and
Page  10
      (c)   require each Beneficiary, other than an individual
entrepreneur, to: (i) maintain the debt to equity and the debt
service coverage ratios and the ratio of current assets to current
liabilities as specified in paragraph 1 (c) of Part B of this
Attachment; (ii) have its financial statements (balance sheets,
income statements and cash flow statements) for each fiscal year
audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing principles
consistently applied, by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank
and NBP; (iii) furnish to the Participating Bank or the
Participating Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan, for forwarding
to NBP as may be requested by the Bank or NBP, as soon as available,
but in any case not later than six months after the end of each such
year certified copies of its financial statements for such year as
so audited, and the report of such audit by said auditors, of such
scope and in such detail as the Bank or NBP shall have reasonably
requested; and (iv) furnish to the Participating Bank or the
Participating Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan, for forwarding
to NBP as may be requested by the Bank or NBP, such other
information concerning the accounts and records, referred to in
paragraph (b) (v) hereof, and said financial statements, as well as
the audit thereof, as the Bank or NBP shall from time to time
reasonably request.
B.    Conditions
(1)   Sub-loans shall be made to Beneficiaries who are individual
entrepreneurs, cooperatives and enterprises with majority private
sector ownership, who each shall have established, to the
satisfaction of the Participating Bank or the Participating
Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan, on the basis of guidelines
satisfactory to the Bank, that: (a) it is creditworthy, and has a
sound financial structure and the organization, management, staff
and other resources required for the efficient carrying out of the
Sub-project; (b) its projected cash generation or equity increases
shall be sufficient to enable it to meet the estimated expenditures
required for the Sub-project and to contribute at least 10% of the
estimated cost thereof; and (c) for each Beneficiary other than an
individual entrepreneur, it is in a position to maintain a debt to
equity ratio of not more than 1.5:1, a debt service coverage ratio
of not less than 1.3:1, and a ratio of current assets to current
liabilities of not less than 1.5:1.
(2)   Sub-loans shall be made for Sub-projects: (a) to develop and
expand the Beneficiaries' productive facilities and fixed assets,
other than land and housing, and to cover their requirements for
permanent working capital; and (b) which are each determined to be
technically feasible and financially viable and designed with
appropriate environmental standards satisfactory to the Bank,
provided, however, that, in addition, for Sub-projects proposed to
be carried out under Sub-loans of more than $500,000 equivalent
each, such Sub-projects shall be calculated to have a financial rate
of return of at least 15% each, all as shall be determined and
calculated by the Participating Bank or the Participating
Cooperative Bank making the Sub-loan to the satisfaction of NBP, on
the basis of appraisals carried out in accordance with guidelines
satisfactory to the Bank.
(3)   Expenditures for goods and services required for a Sub-project
shall be eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan:
      (a)   if such expenditures shall have been made not earlier
than ninety days prior to the date on which the Bank or NBP shall
have received the information required under subparagraphs (b) or
(c) hereof, as the case may be;
      (b)   if the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have been (i)
in an amount equivalent to $3,000,000 or more, or (ii) one of the
first two Sub-loans to be made by each Participating Bank in an
amount equivalent to $100,000 or more, and such Sub-loan shall have
been approved by the Bank on the basis of information furnished to
the Bank comprising an application, in form satisfactory to the
Page  11
Bank, together with a description of the Beneficiary and an
appraisal of the Sub-project, including a description of the
expenditures proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan, the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including
the schedule of amortization thereof, and such other information as
the bank shall reasonably request; and
      (c)   if the Sub-loan shall have been a Sub-loan other than a
Sub-loan referred to in subparagraph (b) hereof and such Sub-loan
shall have been approved by NBP on the basis of information fur-
nished to NBP comprising a summary description of the Beneficiary
and the Sub-project, including a description of the expenditures to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan and terms and conditions
of the Sub-loan, including the schedule of amortization therefor,
provided, however, that such information shall contain, in addition,
for Sub-loans of between $100,000 and $500,000 equivalent each, a
summary of the appraisal of the Sub-project, and for Sub-loans of
more than $500,000 equivalent each, the appraisal report of the Sub-
project.
