Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2213 ZR
             (Education Sector Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated May 10, 1991
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2213 ZR
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 10, 1991, between the REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
(the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received from the Borrower a
strategy letter dated January 18, 1991 describing its policies,
goals and actions designed to achieve improvements in the Borrower's
education sector (the Strategy) and declaring the Borrower's
commitment to the carrying out of the Strategy;
      (B)   the Borrower, as part of such commitment, has undertaken
to carry out the Project, described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement,
and has requested the Association to assist in the financing of the
Project;
      (C)   the Borrower also intends to receive additional
assistance in the carrying out of the Project in the form of
technical cooperation and of grants from the French Republic, acting
through its Fonds d'Aide et de Cooperation (FAC), the United Nations
Page  2
Children Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Development Program
(UNDP) and the World Wildlife Fund, in amounts valued at the
equivalent of $4,200,000, $600,000, $500,000, and $300,000,
respectively; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Ministry" means the Ministry of the Borrower
responsible for primary and secondary education;
      (b)   "Project Unit" means the Education Projects Unit (EPU)
within the Ministry;
      (c)   "Pilot Zone" means the Sub-region of Tshopo in the
Region of Haut-Zaire;
      (d)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (e)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the advance granted
to the Borrower for the preparation of the Project pursuant to the
exchange of letters between the Borrower and the Association dated
November 15, 1990 and January 22, 1991.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifteen million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 15,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of this
Section and of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made
(or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project,
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in a commercial bank
to be operated by the Project Unit on behalf of the Borrower on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
Page  3
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1996 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each April 15 and October 15,
commencing April 15, 2001 and ending October 15, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on October 15,
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Page  4
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, economic, financial, technical and pedagogical
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation upon the provisions of para-
graph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall maintain a project
advance account in a commercial bank acceptable to the Associa-
tion, deposit into it an initial amount equivalent to 100,000
dollars and, at least every three months thereafter, deposit
additional amounts as shall be necessary to pay for expenditures
under the Project not financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
during the coming three months and leaving at all times a minimum
amount equivalent to 70,000 dollars in such account.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' and specialists'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower, not later than July 31 in each
year during the carrying out of the Project, shall exchange views
with the Association on the Borrower's proposals for special
budgetary allocations for the purchase of basic teaching materials,
including the amount and composition of the proposed allocations for
the coming year and the effectiveness of the allocations for the
previous year.
      Section 3.04. Not later than July 31 in each year during the
carrying out of the Project, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association for its review reports on the progress of the Program,
including the Project, and on the status of the maintenance of
buildings constructed or rehabilitated under the Project and under
the other projects in the education sector financed by the
Association since 1985.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, during the last quarter of
each year until completion of the Project, organize through the
Project Unit a joint meeting among the Association, FAC, UNICEF and
UNDP for the purpose of reviewing the progress of the Project and
the implementation of the Borrower's education sector strategy.
      Section 3.06. Not later than September 30 in each year during
the carrying out of the Project, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association a draft three-year rolling public-expenditure program
for the education sector, which shall include the proposed
incremental special budget allocations as adjusted annually, and
shall thereafter exchange views thereon with the Association prior
to its final adoption.
      Section 3.07. Within 12 months following the date of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association for comment
the proposed list of sites for the schools to be constructed under
Part B.3 of the Project, together with the documents required under
Section 9.08 of the General Conditions and, if applicable, a plan of
action concerning any necessary expropriation of property and
Page  5
indemnization and relocation of persons affected.
      Section 3.08. Within 12 months following the date of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association for
comment:
      (a)   draft special provisions to be incorporated into the
description of the career stream (Statut) of primary school
teachers, to be applicable to teachers trained in the pilot teacher
training center (Ecole Normale), including draft procedures for the
recruitment of students for such schools, a determination of the
conditions of their remuneration and their entry into higher
education; and
      (b)   a plan for the adaptation of secondary teaching streams
in the Pilot Zone to take into account the creation of the pilot
teacher training center and the necessity to maintain a proper
balance between training activities and the demand for primary
teachers.
      Section 3.09. (a) The Borrower, within 12 months following the
date of this Agreement, shall:
            (i)   complete the human resources study included in
                  Part C.1 of the Project; and
           (ii)   complete a study on the amount, collection and
                  management of students' fees, including parental
                  contribution to the costs of textbooks
                  distributed under Part B.1 of the Project, taking
                  into account the ability of families to pay.
      (b)   Following an exchange of views with the Association,  on
the results of such studies the Borrower shall promptly take the
actions called for thereby.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project, of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for the Special Account, audited for each fiscal
                  year in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
     (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available, but in
            any case not later than six months after the end of each
            such year, a certified copy of the report of such audit
            by said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as
            the Association shall have reasonably requested; and
    (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
            concerning said records, accounts and the audit thereof
            as the Association shall from time to time reasonably
            request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
Page  6
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Association
            has received the audit for the fiscal year in which the
            last withdrawal from the Credit Account or payment out
            of the Special Account was made, all records (contracts,
            orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
            evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts be included
                  in the annual audit referred to in paragraph (b)
                  of this Section and that the report of such audit
                  contain a separate opinion by said auditors as to
                  whether the statements of expenditure submitted
                  during such fiscal year, together with the
                  procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that the Strategy, or a significant
part thereof, will be carried out;
      (b)   (i)   subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
     (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not apply if
            the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
            Association that:
                  (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                        or prematuring is not caused by the failure
                        of the Borrower to perform any of its
                        obligations under such agreement; and
                  (B)   adequate funds for the Project are
                        available to the Borrower from other
                        sources on terms and conditions consistent
                        with the obli- gations of the Borrower
                        under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely, any
event specified in paragraph (b) (i) (B) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) (ii)
of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
Page  7
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has assigned to its Education Sector
Strategy Committee an economist to head its secretariat, an
educational planner from the Ministry and an educational planner
from the Ministry responsible for Higher Education, all qualified
and experienced and acceptable to the Association, and such
personnel have been assigned appropriate office space;
      (b)   the Association has been informed by the French
Republic, UNICEF and UNDP that all conditions to the utilization of
their respective contributions to the Project, other than any
condition relating to the effectiveness of this Agreement, have been
fulfilled;
      (c)   the Project advance account described in Sec-
tion 3.01 (b) of this Agreement has been opened and the initial
deposit of the equivalent of 200,000 dollars has been made;
      (d)   the Project Unit has entered into arrangements
satisfactory to the Association defining the role of the Institute
for Primary and Secondary Educational Management Training (IFCEPS)
in coordinating the major educational activities under the Project
in the Pilot Zone; and
      (e)   the Project Unit has entered into arrangements
satisfactory to the Association with the Direction des Programmes
Scolaires et des Materiels Didactiques and with the Direction de l'
Informatique defining their respective roles in the carrying out of
the Project.
      Section 6.02. The date 120 days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower responsible for
finance is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministcre des Finances
            Bocte Postale 12997
            Kinshasa 1
            Republic of Zaire
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINIFIN                   21161 KIN GOMBE
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
Page  8
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FICC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                        By /s/ Tatanene Manata
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Construction,              2,100,000        100%
    rehabilitation,
    maintenance works
(2) Vehicles, equip-           2,100,000        100%
    ment, materials,
    furnishings
(3) Production, dis-           4,700,000        100%
    tribution of
    textbooks and
    manuals:
(4) Consultants' and           2,500,000        100%
    specialists'
    services
(5) Training                   1,400,000        100%
(6) Operating costs              450,000        100%
(7) Refunding of                 350,000      Amount due
    Project Pre-                              pursuant to
    paration Advance                          Section 2.02 (c)
                                              of this Agreement
(8) Unallocated                1,400,000
                              __________
    TOTAL                     15,000,000
                              ==========
Page  9
2.   For the purposes of this schedule, the term "operating costs"
as used in Category 6 above means the costs of operating and
maintaining vehicles used in carrying out the Project, office
supplies, travel within Zaire, and other recurrent expenditures
previously approved by the Association.
3.   To the extent that the amount allocated to Category (7) above
exceeds the amount due, the excess will be reallocated to Cate-
gory (8).
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to improve primary education,
rehabilitate the basic system of instruction and assist the Borrower
in establishing conditions necessary for long-term, balanced
development of an efficient educational sector.
     The project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives.
Part A:  Sectoral Support
1.   Strengthening of the Education Sectoral Strategy Committee
charged with monitoring the performance and evolution of the
education sector through the appointment of a permanent staff, the
employment of specialists, the carrying out of studies and the
procurement of basic office equipment and supplies for its
operations.
2.    Strengthening of the Planning Unit of the Ministry, especially
with regard to its capabilities in programming and in preparing
public expenditure programs and budget proposals, through the
training abroad of selected staff, the employment of specialists,
and the procurement of office equipment and supplies for its
operations.
Part B:  Promotion of Primary Education
1.   Procurement of basic textbooks and teachers' guides for the
primary level in math, French and national languages; distribution,
through non-governmental organizations and private contractors, of
such textbooks in one selected sub-region of each of the eleven
regions and of such teachers' guides nationwide; carrying out in-
service training of teachers in the use of such books; strengthening
of the Division of Pre-school and Primary Education and the
Publishing Unit of the Ministry for these purposes.
2.   Providing for about 20 primary multigrade classrooms in
existing or new schools in the Pilot Zone; establishing a primary
teacher training center (Ecole Normale) in Yangambi, Haute-Zacre;
providing housing and bicycles for teachers in the Pilot Zone and
basic school materials to be distributed together with textbooks.
3.   Construction of about five primary schools in the periphery of
Kinshasa.
4.   Modifying curricula to promote education in health, nutrition,
family planning and environment.
Part C:  Institutional Reinforcement
1.   Consolidation, reconstruction and equipping of office space of
the Ministry's administrative offices, including the renewal of
telecommunications equipment; conducting a study on human resources
Page  10
management to identify the number and kinds of personnel required to
staff the Directorate for Planning and Statistics, the computer
center (Direction de l'Informatique) and the General Services and
the reorganization of staff accordingly.
2.   Strengthening of the Teachers Pay Service (Service de Contrcle
de la Paie des Enseignants) through the hiring of experts and
training of staff.
3.   Strengthening of local administration in the eleven sub-regions
selected for the distribution of school textbooks under Part B
above, through training of staff and the procurement for their
operations of basic office equipment and vehicles.
4.   Maintaining buildings in the education sector which have
benefited from financing from the Association since 1985.
                     *     *     *     *     *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit
or deposits which do not exceed the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf
of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
the Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
     (b)   (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
                for deposits into the Special Account at such
                intervals as the Association shall specify.
          (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
Page  11
                the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to have been
                paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule,
the Association shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) or (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  12
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   For the purposes of inviting bids, similar items or those
capable of being supplied by a single bidder shall be grouped in the
largest practicable lots.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Zaire may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for the construction of the primary schools in
Kinshasa and the pilot teacher-training center, as well as for the
rehabilitation of the Ministry, may be procured on the basis of
local competitive bidding as described in paragraph 3.3 of the
Guidelines. Contracts for the transport of school textbooks and
contracts for the production and distribution of textbooks and
manuals and for the purchase of furnishings, equipment and
materials, estimated after grouping in the largest practicable
bidding lots to cost less than the equivalent of $100,000, may be
procured on the same basis, provided, however, that the aggregate
value of furnishings, equipment and materials so procured shall not,
without the prior approval of the Association, exceed the equivalent
of $1,500,000.
2.   Construction of the primary schools in the Pilot Zone under
Part B.2 of the Project will be carried out by the communities
concerned under the direction of the Project Unit.
3.   Contracts estimated after grouping in lots to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent, may be purchased through local shopping as
described in paragraph 3.4 of the Guidelines, provided, however,
that the aggregate value of contracts so procured shall not, without
the prior approval of the Association, exceed the equivalent of
$400,000.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
     (a)   With respect to each contract for the purchase of
furnishings, equipment or vehicles, as well as any contract for
civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more and
any other contract for goods estimated after grouping to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 shall be furnished to the
Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Page  13
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants and Specialists
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ such consultants and specialists, whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association, as shall be agreed between
the Borrower and the Association. Such consultants and specialists
shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for
the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
