Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3655 EC
                          Loan Agreement
           (Mining Development and Environmental Control
                   Technical Assistance Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated March 8, 1994
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3655 EC
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 8, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Bank has received a letter (the Policy Letter),
under cover letter dated April 19, 1993 from the Borrower,
describing the Borrower's policy and strategy regarding development
of the mining sector in Ecuador and placing special emphasis on the
role of government institutions as facilitators of private sector
participation in mining activities;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Swedish Agency
for International Technical and Economic Cooperation (BITS) a grant
(the BITS Grant) in an amount equivalent to $5,100,000 to assist in
financing the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the BITS Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and BITS;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the United
Kingdom's Overseas Development Administration (ODA) a grant (the ODA
Page  2
Grant) in an amount equivalent to $3,100,000 to assist in financing
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the ODA Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
and ODA; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (b)   in Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement.".
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CODIGEM" means the Borrower's Corporacion de Desarrollo
e Investigacion Geologico-Minero-Metalurgica (Corporation for
Geological-Mining-Metallurgical Development and Research), created
pursuant to Article 23 of the Mining Law (as hereinafter defined);
      (b)   "DINAMA" means MEM's (as hereinafter defined) Direccion
Nacional del Medio Ambiente (National Environmental Directorate);
      (c)   "DINAMI" means MEM's (as hereinafter defined) Direccion
Nacional de Mineria (National Mining Directorate);
      (d)   "Environmental Norms" means MEM's (as hereinafter
defined) Normas Ambientales para la Actividad Minera en el Ecuador
(Environmental Norms for Mining Activity in Ecuador), published in
the Borrower's Registro Oficial (Official Gazette) on July 31, 1992;
      (e)   "Implementation Letter" means the Borrower's letter to
the Bank of even date herewith referred to in Section 3.05 (a) of
this Agreement;
      (f)   "MEM" means the Borrower's Ministerio de Energia y Minas
(Energy and Mines Ministry);
      (g)   "Mining Law" means the Borrower's Ley de Mineria (Mining
Law), published in the Borrower's Registro Oficial (Official
Gazette) on May 31, 1991;
      (h)   "Mining Regulation" means the Borrower's Reglamento
General de la Ley de Mineria (General Regulation of the Mining Law),
published in the Borrower's Registro Oficial (Official Gazette) on
October 24, 1991;
      (i)   "PCU" means MEM's Project Coordination Unit referred to
in Section 3.04 of this Agreement;
      (j)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
Page  3
      (k)   "Strategy Plan" means the Borrower's four-year
institutional and staffing reform and budgetary strategy for public
sector mining institutions, presented to the Bank under cover letter
from the Borrower dated April 19, 1993.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of fourteen million Dollars ($14,000,000), being the sum
of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Banco
Central del Ecuador on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank.  Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
Page  4
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end and in a manner consistent with the
terms of the Policy Letter and the Strategy Plan:
      (a)   shall carry out Parts A, B, C.1-.2 and C.7 of the
Project through MEM with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, technical, financial,
mining and environmental practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for such Parts of the Project;
      (b)   shall, through MEM, cause CODIGEM to carry out Parts
C.3-.6 and C.8 of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate administrative, technical, financial,
mining and environmental practices, shall take or cause to be taken
all action, including the provision of funds, facilities, services
and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable CODIGEM to
carry out Parts C.3-.6 and C.8 of the Project, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
the carrying out of Parts C.3-.6 and C.8 of the Project by CODIGEM;
      (c)   as part of its Project funding obligations set forth in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section, shall make available funds,
from sources other than the Loan, the ODA Grant or the BITS Grant,
equivalent to at least $300,000 during each of the first three
fiscal years (beginning January 1, 1994) and equivalent to at least
$500,000 during each of the two immediately subsequent fiscal years
(beginning January 1, 1997); and
      (d)   shall make available for use by MEM, DINAMA, DINAMI and
CODIGEM, in a timely manner, the funds covered by the annual budgets
Page  5
referred to in Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and services required for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement. All such procure-
ment shall be carried out by MEM through the PCU, and any items or
services so procured for purposes of Parts C.3-.6 and C.8 of the
Project shall be made available by MEM to CODIGEM. Any consultants
or consultant firms whose services are to be financed out of the
proceeds of the BITS Grant or the ODA Grant shall not be employed
for purposes of the Project unless the Borrower first obtains the
non-objection of the Bank.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of Parts C.3-.6 and C.8 of the
Project shall be carried out by CODIGEM.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall coordinate implementation of
the Project through the PCU, to be maintained and staffed in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank throughout the course of the Project
and to at all times include: (a) an experienced mining sector
administrator, with fluency in both Spanish and English and with
other qualifications satisfactory to the Bank, who shall serve as
Project Coordinator acting under terms of reference satisfactory to
the Bank; (b) one technical assistant with qualifications satis-
factory to the Bank; (c) one administrative/procurement assistant
with qualifications satisfactory to the Bank; and (d) four support
staff (including one secretary fluent in both Spanish and English).
The PCU shall be extinguished not later than six months after the
Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed between the Bank
and the Borrower pursuant to Section 9.07 (c) of the General
Conditions.
      Section 3.05. (a) No more than 45 days after the end of every
quarter during Project implementation, beginning with the quarter
concluding on December 31, 1993, the Borrower, through the PCU,
shall furnish to the Bank a progress report on the Project based on
the performance indicators and schedule contained in the Imple-
mentation Letter, such report to be in a format satisfactory to the
Bank and to also include, in the first such report and every fourth
report thereafter, a full analysis of the existing and projected
staffing and budget levels for MEM, DINAMA, DINAMI and CODIGEM.
      (b)   The Borrower, through MEM, shall participate and cause
CODIGEM to participate in annual reviews of Project implementation
to be held in conjunction with the Bank, ODA and BITS beginning
eighteen months after the Effective Date and then every twelfth
month thereafter during Project implementation. Each such review
shall, based on the reports referred to in paragraph (a) of this
Section, examine the status of Project implementation and conclude
with the finalization of an annual plan of action satisfactory to
the Bank, each of which plan shall include specific goals and
projections for Project implementation for the immediately upcoming
twelve months. Each such annual plan of action shall be carried out
(or, with respect to Parts of the Project for which CODIGEM is
responsible, caused to be carried out) by the Borrower during the
twelve months immediately subsequent to its finalization.
      (c)   By no later than December 31, 1997 (but in no case later
than the date by which 85% of uncancelled Loan proceeds have been
disbursed), the Borrower shall participate in a review to be held in
conjunction with the Bank to discuss adequate staffing levels and
recurrent cost financing required to support ongoing MEM and CODIGEM
mining and related environmental programs subsequent to Project
completion.
      Section 3.06. Acting within the bounds of the Mining Law, the
Borrower shall, and shall cause CODIGEM to, carry out the staffing
Page  6
and institutional reforms set forth in the Strategy Plan. To the
extent such reforms require amendment of the Mining Law, the
Borrower shall present such amendment to the Congress of Ecuador for
consideration.
      Section 3.07. Throughout the course of Project implementation,
the Borrower shall: (a) not exercise its option to create new
special mining zones (zonas mineras especiales) or expand already
existing special mining zones pursuant to Article 8 of the Mining
Law; (b) prevent CODIGEM from carrying out mining exploitation
activities in such special mining zones; (c) not exercise its option
to create new mining reserve areas (areas de reserva minera) or
expand already existing mining reserve areas pursuant to Article 9
of the Mining Law; (d) not initiate any new, or expand already
existing, mining exploitation operations partially or fully owned or
managed directly or indirectly by the Borrower outside such special
mining zones or mining reserve areas; and (e) prevent CODIGEM from
initiating any new, or expanding already existing, mining
exploitation operations partially or fully owned or managed directly
or indirectly by CODIGEM outside such special mining zones or mining
reserve areas.
      Section 3.08. By no later than one year after the Effective
Date, the Borrower shall have prepared a plan, satisfactory to the
Bank, for the privatization of the Portovelo mine and of any other
CODIGEM-owned mining operations in Ecuador (such plan to include
identification of environmental problems related to such operations
as well as measures to resolve such problems as part of such
privatization). The Borrower shall thereafter cause such plan to be
carried out in accordance with such plan's terms.
      Section 3.09. Throughout the course of Project implementation,
the Borrower shall, within a reasonable time before such proposal
may be adopted, present to the Bank for comment any proposal
prepared or endorsed by the Borrower or by CODIGEM or formally
debated in the Congress of Ecuador to, in whole or in part, amend,
suspend, abrogate, repeal, waive or supersede the Mining Law, Mining
Regulation, Environmental Norms and associated decrees, norms or
other related statutory or regulatory texts.
      Section 3.10. By no later than four months after the Effective
Date, the Borrower shall have prepared a plan, satisfactory to the
Bank, for carrying out the mining environmental pollution monitoring
referred to in Part C.1 of the Project. The Borrower shall there-
after carry out such plan in accordance with such plan's terms.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower, through MEM, shall, at the same
time as it prepares the institutional reform plan for DINAMA
referred to in Part B.3 (c) of the Project, prepare budgetary goals,
satisfactory to the Bank, to carry out the reforms set forth in the
Strategy Plan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower, through the PCU, shall
maintain or cause to be maintained records and separate accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project.
      (b)   The Borrower, through the PCU, shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, as well as those
                   for the Special Account, for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   private auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
Page  7
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall, through the PCU:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The auditors referred to in Section 4.01 (b) (i)
of this Agreement shall be hired pursuant to audit services
contracts with a minimum three-year term.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause CODIGEM:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance
against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, technical,
environmental and mining practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its facilities,
equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial, technical,
environmental and mining practices.
                            ARTICLE VI
                       Remedies of the Bank
Page  8
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of CODIGEM or for the suspension of its operations;
      (b)   annual Borrower and/or CODIGEM budgets for the fiscal
years during Project implementation shall not contain funds
sufficient to cover the budgetary goals referred to in Section 3.11
of this Agreement;
      (c)   the Mining Law, Mining Regulation, Environmental Norms
and associated decrees, norms or other related statutory or
regulatory texts shall have been, in whole or in part, amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed, waived, superseded or not enforced
so as to affect, in the opinion of the Bank, materially and
adversely the attainment of the objectives of the Project or the
ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this
Agreement; and
      (d)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph,
                   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of the ODA Grant or to use goods and
                   services financed with the proceeds of the BITS
                   Grant shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                   terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to the
                   terms thereof.
           (ii)    Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Bank that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation or termination is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under the BITS Grant
                   Agreement or the ODA Grant Agreement, as the
                   case may be; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, namely
that any event specified in paragraph (a) or (b) or (c) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
BITS Grant Agreement and of the ODA Grant Agreement have been
fulfilled, other than those related to the effectiveness of this
Agreement;
      (b)   the PCU, with all its characteristics set forth in
Section 3.04 of this Agreement, shall have been established and is
fully functional; and
      (c)   a budget for the Project for fiscal year 1994 equivalent
to at least $300,000 shall have been approved, or, if all other
conditions to the effectiveness of this Agreement shall have been
fulfilled before the date of the approval of such budget, budgetary
funds in such amounts as shall be required, in the Bank's opinion,
for the execution of the Project until December 31, 1993 shall have
been allocated for such purpose.
Page  9
      Section 7.02. The date June 8, 1994 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Minister of Finance and Public Credit of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Finanzas y Credito Publico
            Avenida 10 de Agosto y Jorge Washington
            Quito, Ecuador
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFINANZAS               22358 MINFIN-ED
                   Quito, Ecuador
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                         By /s/ Edgar Teran
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                           Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the CaribbeanSCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
Page  10
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category            Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)   Consultant services       5,600,000       86% of local
      (except as provided                       expenditures for
      by trainers) and                          services of
      Project audits                            consultants
                                                domiciled within
                                                the territory of
                                                the Borrower and
                                                100% of foreign
                                                expenditures for
                                                services of other
                                                consultants
(2)   Training                    400,000       100%
(3)   Non-consultant            2,300,000       100%
      services
(4)   Goods (except             2,300,000       100% of foreign
      for education                             expenditures and
      materials)                                44% of local
                                                expenditures   Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(5)  Incremental                600,000         100% until
     operating costs                            withdrawals under
                                                this Category have
                                                reached an aggregate
                                                amount equivalent
                                                to $250,000; then
                                                70% until such
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an aggregate
                                                amount equivalent
                                                to $400,000; then
                                                35% until such
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an aggregate
                                                amount equivalent
                                                to $590,000; and
                                                10% thereafter
(6)   Unallocated               2,800,000
                               __________
      TOTAL                    14,000,000
                               ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "non-consultant services" means laboratory
services, waste neutralization or detoxification services, map
processing services, data processing services, imagery processing
services, airborne geophysics and remote sensing and interpretative
services to be provided under Part C of the Project;
Page  11
      (d)   the term "training" means education materials,
consultant services provided by trainers and travel and reasonable
per diem expenses of trainees;
      (e)   the term "education materials" means items which
directly serve a pedagogical purpose and are used in connection with
the training components of this Project (such as, inter alia,
computer software, trainee textbooks, other publications and
consumable training supplies); and
      (f)   the term "incremental operating costs" means travel, per
diem, rent, utility, fuel, consumable office supply or other
operation and maintenance costs which would not have been incurred
absent the Project (in no case shall such costs include salaries for
government or CODIGEM staff).
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $400,000, may be
made on account of payments made for expenditures before that date
but after December 18, 1992.
4.    The Bank may require withdrawals from the Loan Account to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure for expenditures
under contracts not exceeding $40,000 equivalent, under such terms
and conditions as the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) assist the Borrower
in the proper implementation of the Mining Law and thus attract new
private investment for, and support the systematic development of,
increased but environmentally sound mineral production in Ecuador;
and (b) arrest and mitigate environmental degradation that results
from the use of primitive and inadequate technology by artisanal and
small-scale mining operations in Ecuador.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     PCU
      Creation, and subsequent operation throughout the course of
Project implementation, of the PCU.
Part B:     Institutional Strengthening
1.    Provision of technical assistance to MEM on: (a) application
and revision of the Mining Law, Mining Regulation and associated
decrees, norms and other related statutory or regulatory texts;
(b) organization and operation of mining sector public agencies;
(c) relations between such mining sector public agencies and non-
governmental organizations and private mining companies operating in
Ecuador; (d) minerals marketing, trading and export issues; and
(e) taxation and economic matters pertinent to the mining sector.
2.    Provision of technical assistance and in-service training to
DINAMI on: (a) legal and procedural issues with respect to the
issuance, registration and termination of mining concessions and
processing licenses; (b) accounting, financial and administrative
issues with respect to the assessment, imposition and collection of
mining royalties and fees; and (c) development, application and
enforcement of mine safety and health standards and procedures.
3.    Provision of technical assistance and in-service training to
DINAMA on the development, application and enforcement of environ-
mental standards for the mining sector and on the carrying out of
its other activities with regard to such sector, focussing inter
Page  12
alia on: (a) the establishment of appropriate organizational and
staffing schedules and field inspection procedures in support of
such application and enforcement; (b) the design and establishment
of effective mechanisms to facilitate the participation of non-
governmental organizations in environmental monitoring and
rehabilitation related to mining activities; and (c) the preparation
of an institutional reform plan for DINAMA.
4.    Provision of technical assistance to CODIGEM on strategies and
mechanisms for: (a) the privatization of publicly-held mining
properties or operations and for its divestiture of mining rights in
Ecuador (including the Portovelo mine); (b) attracting new private
investment to the mining sector in Ecuador and upgrading the
technical and managerial capacity of artisanal and small-scale
miners or enterprises; and (c) when appropriate, aiding mining
enterprises or miners with respect to mine safety and health
standards and procedures.
5.    Support for the proper execution of the general managerial and
technical functions of MEM, DINAMI, DINAMA and CODIGEM (including
such functions associated with the geological survey responsi-
bilities of CODIGEM), through the provision of incremental operating
cost funding, office furniture and equipment (including materials,
computer hardware and software and communications and field
equipment) and vehicles to said entities, as well as through the
carrying out for said entities of minor works for office and
laboratory rehabilitation.
Part C:     Specific Technical Components
1.    Systematic monitoring and establishment of a data baseline by
DINAMA of the environmental pollution and occupational health
hazards caused by mining in Ecuador (including in particular
artisanal and small-scale gold mining activities), such monitoring
to be supported by carrying out minor rehabilitation works on DINAMA
facilities and laboratories used by DINAMA and by providing DINAMA
with technical assistance, training, incremental operating cost
funding, field equipment and vehicles and laboratory instruments and
services.
2.    Investigation and implementation by DINAMA of methods (such as
impermeabilization and/or neutralization of waste ponds or dump
areas) to rehabilitate, in a technical and economically feasible
manner, areas environmentally degraded by mining activity or to
prevent further environmental degradation if such rehabilitation is
not technically and economically feasible, such investigation and
implementation to be supported by providing DINAMA with technical
assistance and waste neutralization or detoxification services.
3.    Systematic production and publication by CODIGEM of:
      (a)   at least five 1:250,000 scale basic geological maps of
an approximately 28,000 square kilometer area (located between 1
degree north latitude and 4 degrees south latitude) of Ecuador's
western Cordillera (Andean mountain range); and
      (b)   as access to the territory to be mapped permits and
depending on the availability of existing information, additional
basic geological maps of parts of that same area at 1:100,000 scale,
such production and publication to be supported by providing CODIGEM
with technical assistance, training, data and map processing
services, vehicles, equipment and incremental operating cost
funding.
4.    Systematic production and publication by CODIGEM of at least
five 1:250,000 scale advanced thematic geological map sheets of
areas (located between 1 degree north latitude and 4 degrees south
latitude) of Ecuador's western Cordillera (Andean mountain range)
which provide illustrations of specific data sets on, inter alia,
mineralization, geophysical or geochemical information, such
production and publication to be supported by providing CODIGEM with
technical assistance, training, equipment, vehicles, incremental
Page  13
operating cost funding and data processing, map processing, airborne
geophysics, imagery processing and remote sensing services and
interpretation of the results thereof.
5.    Analysis of known ore-districts in Ecuador and use by CODIGEM
of the results of such analysis to identify and study currently
unrecognized ore-districts, such activities to be supported by
providing CODIGEM with technical assistance, training, equipment and
vehicles.
6.    Computerization by CODIGEM of its budgetary planning,
accounting and control activities, as well as development and
operation by CODIGEM of a computerized mining information system
that would provide the general public as well as other interested
parties with access to mining documentation and to data bases
regarding mines, mining and metallurgical information and sector
statistics, mineral occurrences, showings and prospects and related
environmental matters (including information regarding land
reserves--nature and indigenous--which are either already existing
or in the process of being established), such computerization,
development and operation to be supported by providing CODIGEM with
technical assistance, training, equipment, computer hardware and
software and incremental operating cost funding.
7.    Improvement and implementation by DINAMI of a mining cadastre
for Ecuador which will effectively record, monitor and provide
public access to up-to-date information regarding, inter alia, the
status of applications for mining concessions, the status of such
concessions once they are granted, the exact geographical area
covered by such concessions and the payment of fees pertaining to
such concessions, such improvement and implementation to be
supported by providing DINAMI with technical assistance, training,
vehicles, surveying equipment, computer hardware and software and
incremental operating cost funding.
8.    Provision by CODIGEM of technical assistance to artisanal and
small-scale mining operations in Ecuador with regard to:
      (a)   mining methodology, geology, metallurgy, environmental
safeguards and simple mining economics, with particular emphasis on
demonstrating the use of simple yet effective equipment and
techniques for improving ore recovery and reducing environmental
contamination caused by, inter alia, cyanide discharges and by the
use of mercury associated with mining activities; and
      (b)   identification of suitable potential private joint
venture mining partners, such provision to be supported by providing
CODIGEM with technical assistance, training, equipment, vehicles and
laboratory services.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.\0cCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                      Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                     (expressed in Dollars)*
June 15, 1999                              260,000.00
December 15, 1999                          270,000.00
June 15, 2000                              280,000.00
December 15, 2000                          290,000.00
June 15, 2001                              305,000.00
December 15, 2001                          315,000.00
June 15, 2002                              325,000.00
December 15, 2002                          340,000.00
June 15, 2003                              350,000.00
December 15, 2003                          365,000.00
June 15, 2004                              375,000.00
December 15, 2004                          390,000.00
June 15, 2005                              405,000.00
Page  14
December 15, 2005                          420,000.00
June 15, 2006                              435,000.00
December 15, 2006                          450,000.00
June 15, 2007                              470,000.00
December 15, 2007                          485,000.00
June 15, 2008                              505,000.00
December 15, 2008                          525,000.00
June 15, 2009                              545,000.00
December 15, 2009                          565,000.00
June 15, 2010                              585,000.00
December 15, 2010                          605,000.00
June 15, 2011                              630,000.00December 15, 2011                          
650,000.00
June 15, 2012                              675,000.00
December 15, 2012                          700,000.00
June 15, 2013                              725,000.00
December 15, 2013                          760,000.00
-----------------------------
*     The figures in this column represent Dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan
                                     on the day of prepayment
                                     multiplied by:
Not more than three years                        0.15
      before maturity
More than three years but                        0.30
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                          0.55
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                       0.80
      more than 16 years
      before maturity
More than 16 years but not                       0.90
      more than 18 years
      before maturity
More than 18 years before                        1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Non-consultant Services
Part A:     Contract Packaging
      To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of more
than $150,000.
Part B:     Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $150,000
equivalent per contract or per bid package shall be procured under
contracts awarded through limited international bidding procedures
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from at
Page  15
least three qualified suppliers eligible under the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines) and in accordance with procedures set
forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs
2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign
currency components and the other to the local currency component of
the bid price.  Such an increase shall not be taken into account in
the bid evaluation.
2.    Non-consultant services (as defined in paragraph 2 (c) of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement) shall be procured under contracts
awarded through limited international bidding procedures on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from a number
(acceptable to the Bank) of qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth in Sections
I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and
2.56 thereof). For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign currency components and
the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such an
increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
3.    Goods (excluding instruments, specialized equipment, computer
hardware and software and vehicles) estimated to cost the equivalent
of $150,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $500,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
4.    Goods (including, inter alia, only one all-terrain vehicle
required for Project start-up purposes) estimated to cost the
equivalent of $25,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up to
an aggregate amount equivalent to $225,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
5.    For procurement in accordance with paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of
this Part B, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the
Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Bank.
Part C:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract procured under Parts
B.1 or B.2 of this Section; and (ii) each contract for goods
estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
Page  16
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower and CODIGEM in carrying out
the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" (the Consultants Guidelines) published by the Bank
in August 1981. For complex, time-based assignments, the Borrower
shall employ such consultants under contracts using the standard
form of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank,
the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review or
approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of reference for
consultants, to the employment of individuals, to single-source
selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Bank (such as assignments to carry out
environmental assessments) and to amendments of contracts raising
the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above.
Section III.  Special Provisions
A.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
services referred to in Parts B.1 and B.2 of Section I of this
Schedule:
1.    Bids must be submitted in one single envelope, and the name of
each bidder and the total amount of each bid, as well as any
alternative proposals, if they have been requested or permitted,
shall be read aloud when opened.
2.    Foreign bidders must not be required to have a local
representative for purposes of submitting bids, but may be required
to have such a representative upon entering into contracts which
they have been awarded.
3.    Foreign bidders must be permitted to have their financial
solvency certified by a foreign bank acceptable to the Borrower
without recertification by any Ecuadoran bank or other Ecuadoran
person or entity.
4.    Bid and performance bonds and guarantees issued by foreign
sureties approved by the Borrower must be admissible without
recertification or other participation by any Ecuadoran bank or
other Ecuadoran person or entity.
Page  17
5.    Letters of credit issued to any supplier of goods or provider
of services must not be required to be counter-guaranteed by such
supplier or provider in whole or in part. This shall not prevent
purchasers from obtaining other performance warranties from
suppliers.
B.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods
referred to in Part B.3 of Section I of this Schedule:
1.    Foreign contractors and suppliers shall be allowed to bid on
all contracts.
2.    The date for the opening of bids shall be set on a date which
shall be at least thirty days from the date of the last
advertisement of the invitation to bid.
3.    The invitation to bid shall be advertised for at least three
days in a newspaper of wide circulation in Ecuador.
4.    Contracts must be awarded to the lowest evaluated bidder in
accordance with criteria set forth in the bidding documents.
C.    In addition to and without limitation to any other provisions
set forth in this Schedule or the Consultants Guidelines, the
following principles of procurement shall expressly govern all
procurement of consultants' services referred to in Section II of
this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants must not be required to be locally
registered as a condition of participation in the selection process,
but may be required to be so registered, at the time of contracting,
if the Borrower and the Bank so agree.
2.    Foreign consultants must not be required, either directly or
indirectly, to give any participation in or share of any consulting
contracts to any local firm or person, except in connection with a
joint venture arrangement where: (i) a sufficient number of capable
domestic firms or individual consultants exist to allow a foreign
consultant reasonable freedom of choice; (ii) the contribution of
either party to the joint venture arrangement will not be
constrained by any prescribed manner or extent of participation; and
(iii) the foreign consultant is not required to associate itself
with any specific named domestic firms or individual consultants.
3.    Foreign consulting firms shall not be required, as a condition
to provide services in Ecuador under contracts to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan, to be registered in Ecuador with a minimum
capital different from that required for Ecuadoran firms.
4.    Foreign consultants, either individuals or firms, providing
services under contracts financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,
shall not be required to pay fees to the Ecuadoran Consultants'
Association that are different from those required for Ecuadoran
consultants.
Section IV.  Internal Approvals
      The approval by the Contralor General del Estado (National
Controller General) and the Procurador General del Estado (National
Attorney General), referred to in Article 18 of Law 95 published in
the Borrower's Registro Oficial (Official Gazette) on August 16,
1990, shall be limited to the standard bidding documents referred to
in Section I, Part D of this Schedule.SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
Page  18
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
Page  19
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
