Page  1
                Contribution Agreement
                        between
       HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN IN RIGHT OF CANADA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        for the
          MUTUALIST BANKING PROJECT (SENEGAL)
                  Dated June 5, 1990
                CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
     The Contribution Agreement made in duplicate on this June 5,
1990, between HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN IN RIGHT OF CANADA
(hereinafter referred to as "Her Majesty") herein
represented by the Secretary of State for External Affairs,
acting through the Canadian International Development
Agency (hereinafter referred to as "CIDA") and the
International Development Association (hereinafter
referred to as the "Association").
     WHEREAS CIDA has informed the Association that it
desires to provide grant funds, to be administered by the
Association, to finance technical assistance to support
mutualist banking operations in Senegal as described
further in Annex A hereto (hereinafter called the
"Project");
     AND WHEREAS the purpose of the Contribution
Agreement (hereinafter called "Agreement") between the
Association and CIDA is to set out the terms and
conditions concerning the administration of such
contribution and the implementation of the Project;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
     Section 1.01. CIDA hereby appoints the Association
as Administrator of a contribution of funds in an amount
of one million two hundred seventy-three thousand
Canadian dollars (CDN $1,273,000) (hereinafter referred
to as "the Contribution") for the purpose of the Project
in the following manner:
     (a)  Upon the entry into force of this Agreement,
CIDA shall deposit an amount of two hundred thousand
Canadian Dollars (CDN $200,000) in an account maintained
with the Bank of Canada in the name of the Association
(hereinafter referred to as the T-Account). The grant
funds will be administered by the Association in
accordance with the terms of this letter. The grant funds
Page  2
will be kept separate and apart from the funds of the
Association.
     (b)  Subsequent advances of up to two hundred
thousand Canadian Dollars (CDN $200,000) will be made by
CIDA on a quarterly basis conditional upon receipt of a
cash forecast statement estimating funds required for the
following three months period and receipt of the
statement of account for the preceding quarter in
accordance with Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement.
     (c)  No more than two advances will remain
outstanding at any one time and at no time will the total
amount of the advances available in the T-Account exceed
four hundred thousand Canadian Dollars (CDN $400,000).
     (d)  The grant funds may be commingled with other
trust funds assets maintained in the T-Account. These
funds may be freely exchanged by the Association into
other currencies as may facilitate their disbursement.
     (e)  The Association may invest and reinvest the
grant funds in the T-Account pending their disbursement.
The income therefrom shall be added to the Account and
thereafter be available for the same purpose as said
funds.
     Section 1.02. It is understood between CIDA and the
Association that a portion of the Contribution in an
amount equivalent to two per cent (2%) of the amount of
the Contribution will be utilized to defray the expenses
of the Association in administering the Project. CIDA
hereby authorizes the Bank to transfer to itself, as and
when needed, appropriate amounts to reimburse the
Association for such expenses.
     Section 1.03. If unforeseen. increases in
expenditures or commitments are expected or realized
(whether due to inflationary factors, fluctuation in
exchange rates or unforeseen contingencies), the
Association shall notify CIDA, in writing, of this fact,
and of the estimated amount of the increases in
expenditures or commitments, as soon as possible. CIDA
will consider whether it will agree to increase its
contribution to the Project to cover such increases in
expenditures or commitments.
     Section 1.04. Whenever the events described in
Section 1.03 of this Agreement occur, and an additional
contribution is not forthcoming, CIDA and the Association
may agree to reduce the scope of, the Project or suspend
or terminate this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
     Section 2.01. The Contribution shall be administered
by the Association for the purpose of meeting the costs
of the Project as set out in Annex A.
     Section 2.02. The Association shall disburse from
the T-Account such amounts as from time to time shall be
needed to meet the reasonable costs of goods and services
financed or to be financed for the purposes of the
Project. The recruitment of consultants and disbursements
shall be effected in accordance with the Association's
applicable procedures; provided, however, that the
consultants recruited pursuant to this Agreement shall be
either Canadian citizens or landed immigrants in Canada.
     Section 2.03. The Association, as Administrator on
behalf of CIDA, shall have the sole responsibility for
the supervision of the Project and shall keep CIDA
Page  3
regularly informed of the progress of the Project.
     Section 2.04. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions under this
Agreement as it exercises with respect to the
administration and management of its own affairs and
shall have no further responsibility to CIDA in respect
thereof.
     Section 2.05. The Association shall enter into such
arrangements with the Republic of Senegal as are
necessary to ensure the successful implementation of the
Project.
     Section 2.06. The Association shall enter into
arrangements defining a procedure to administer the
Contribution, including the opening of a special account
in Dakar.
     Section 2.07. The Association and CIDA shall
consult, regularly at the request of each other, on all
matters arising out of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
     Section 3.01. The Association shall maintain
separate records and ledger accounts in respect of the
funds in the T-Account and those disbursed by the
Association pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement,
and the Association shall furnish on a quarterly basis to
CIDA a statement of account on such records and accounts.
     Section 3.02. The Association shall cause the
accounts and records referred to in Section 3.01 to be
audited and certified by the Association's external
auditors for each fiscal year that funds shall remain in
the Account and shall furnish the report of such audit
by said auditors to CIDA. The Association may deduct the
cost of the audit from the amount of the Contribution in
the T-Account.
                      ARTICLE IV
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date first above written and, subject to the
provisions of this Article, shall continue in effect
until all disbursements to Republic of Senegal have been
made from the Account.
     Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of this Agreement can no longer
effectively or appropriately be carried out, this Agreement
may be terminated at the initiative of such party ninety
days (90 days) after giving notice in writing to that
effect.
     Section 4.03. If at any time it appears that funds
of the Contribution were not used appropriately for the
purpose of the Project, CIDA may withhold further
payments and cancel an equivalent amount from the
Contribution.
     Section 4.04. Notwithstanding the termination of
this Agreement, the Association shall continue to hold
unutilized funds of the Contribution until the earlier
of: (i) the satisfaction of all commitments incurred for
the Project prior to the date of termination of this
Agreement, or (ii) the filing of the report required
under Section 4.05 of this Agreement.
     Section 4.05. Promptly after termination of this
Agreement, the Association shall furnish to CIDA a final
Page  4
report and a financial statement on the Account, together
with an opinion of the Association's external auditors on
such statement.
     Section 4.06. All unutilized funds of the
Contribution shall be returned by the Association,
through CIDA, to the Receiver General of Canada.
                       ARTICLE V
     Section 5.01. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 5.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing, Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable or
telex to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other addresses as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice
or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For CIDA:
          Canadian Embassy-Cooperation Section
          67 Bd. de la Republique
          B.P. 3373 Dakar Senegal
                              Telex:
                                   51632 DOMCAN SG
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:      Telex:
               INDEVAS             197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.    248423 (RCA),
                                    64145 (WUI)
                                    82987 (FTCC)
                      ARTICLE VI
     Section 6.01. This Agreement together with Annex A,
which forms an integral part hereof, constitute the
entire Agreement between CIDA and the Association with
respect to the Project.
                      ARTICLE VII
     Section 7.01. No member of the Canadian House of
Commons shall be admitted to any share or part of this
Agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom.
     Section 7.02. Any payment to be made by CIDA under
this Agreement is subject to there being an appropriation
by Parliament for the fiscal year in which the payment is
to be made.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being duly
authorized thereto, have signed the present Agreement in
duplicate.
Page  5
          For HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN IN RIGHT OF CANADA
          By /s/ Roger Conture
          Canadian International Development Agency
          Name  Roger Conture
          Title Directeur Cooperation et Charge d'Affaires
          Date  5/07/90
          For the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
          By /s/ David R. Steeds
          Name  David R. Steeds
          Title Acting Director, AF5
          Date  6/5/90
                        ANNEX A
              Description of the Project
1.   General
     The Project provides technical assistance to the
Government of Senegal to promote and support mutualist
banking operations in Senegal.
2.   Project Elements
     The Contribution for the Project will be used to
finance the fees and expenses of 48 person-months.
3.   Budget Estimates
                         (CDN $)
     Fees                602,000
     Expenses            615,000
     Supervision          26,000
     Contingency          30,000
                       1,273,000
                     *   *   *   *
     The project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1991.
