Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3497 ME
               (Housing Market Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                          BANCO DE MEXICO
               (as Trustee for FONDO DE OPERACION Y
              FINANCIAMIENTO BANCARIO A LA VIVIENDA)
                        Dated July 24, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3497 ME
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 24, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO DE MEXICO
(Banxico) as Trustee for FONDO DE OPERACION Y FINANCIAMIENTO
BANCARIO A LA VIVIENDA.
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to four hundred
fifty million dollars ($450,000,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Banxico
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Guarantee Agreement of even date herewith between
the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and the Bank, the
Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as are
set forth in the Guarantee Agreement;
Page  2
      (C)   by contractual arrangements to be entered into among the
Borrower, the Guarantor and Banxico, the proceeds of the Loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be onlent to Banxico on
the terms and conditions set forth in said contractual arrangements;
and
      WHEREAS Banxico, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Preamble to, and Section 1.02 of, the
Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project;
               Management and Operations of Banxico
      Section 2.01. Banxico declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project and conduct
its operations and affairs in accordance with sound financial and
administrative standards and practices, with qualified management
and personnel, and in accordance with the Charter, the FOVI Trust
Agreement and the FOVI Regulations.
      Section 2.02. (a) Banxico shall relend the proceeds of the
Loan by making Intermediary Loans to Financial Intermediaries in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Schedule 1 to this
Agreement and under Participation Agreements to be entered into
between Banxico and each Financial Intermediary, containing terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Bank which shall include, inter
alia:
            (i)    rights adequate to protect the interests of the
                   Bank, Banxico and the Guarantor, including the
                   right to suspend or terminate the right of the
                   Financial Intermediary to the use of the
                   proceeds of the Loan upon failure by such
                   Financial Intermediary to perform its
                   obligations under the Participation Agreement;
                   and
           (ii)    the applicable terms and conditions set forth or
                   referred to in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Banxico shall exercise its rights under the
Participation Agreements in such manner as to: (i) protect the
interests of the Bank, Banxico and the Guarantor; (ii) comply with
its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes
of the Project. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, Banxico
shall not amend or fail to enforce any Participation Agreement or
any provision thereof.
      Section 2.03. Banxico undertakes that, unless the Bank shall
otherwise agree, FOVI Subloans shall be made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. Banxico shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Section 9.07 of the General Conditions in respect of the
Project.
Page  3
      Section 2.05. Banxico shall enter into, and duly perform all
its obligations under, the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement.  Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, Banxico shall not amend or fail to enforce such
contractual arrangements or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. Banxico shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by Banxico of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.07. Banxico shall allocate funds for Intermediary
Loans exclusively through the auction mechanism for housing
developers or builders set forth in the Reglas para las Subastas de
Derechos sobre Creditos para Financiar Vivienda (Rules for the
Auction of Rights to Credits to Finance Housing) published in the
Guarantor's Diario Oficial on May 30, 1989 as amended from time to
time. In addition to Mexican bidders, only bidders from member
countries of the Bank and from Switzerland and Taiwan, China shall
be allowed to participate in such auction mechanism when Loan
proceeds are involved, and such participation by non-Mexican bidders
shall be on terms no different from those applicable to Mexican
bidders. Such auction mechanism and the availability of Loan
proceeds therefor shall be announced by Banxico, at least yearly
during Project implementation, through a notice in the publication
Development Business similar to the General Procurement Notice
referred to in paragraph 2.8 of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985.
      Section 2.08. By no later than June 30, 1994, Banxico shall
enter into housing sector deregulation agreements with at least 22
States. Such agreements shall be signed on behalf of the States by
their Governors and shall include terms similar to those of housing
sector deregulation agreements already entered into by Banxico as of
March 1, 1992.  Banxico shall take all reasonable steps to promote
compliance by the States with the terms of such housing sector
deregulation agreements.
      Section 2.09. Banxico shall carry out annual surveys, in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank, of the regulatory costs of housing
projects financed through FOVI. Banxico shall, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, cause the results of such surveys to be
published annually, beginning in 1993, by no later than March 31 of
each year.
      Section 2.10. (a) Banxico shall carry out or cause to be
carried out Part B of the Project under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank.
      (b)   Banxico shall cause the study under Part B.2 of the
Project to be completed, and its results presented to the Bank, by
no later than June 30, 1993. By no later than September 30, 1993,
Banxico shall prepare, and thereafter carry out, an action plan,
satisfactory to the Bank, which takes into account the results of
such study.
      (c)   Banxico shall cause the study under Part B.3 of the
Project to be completed, and its results presented to the Bank, by
no later than December 31, 1993. By no later than March 31, 1994,
Banxico shall prepare, and thereafter cause to be carried out, an
action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, which takes into account the
results of such study.
      (d)   Banxico shall cause the study under Part B.1 of the
Project to be completed, and its results presented to and discussed
with the Bank, by no later than June 30, 1993.
      Section 2.11. By no later than March 31 of each year,
beginning in 1993, Banxico shall submit to the Bank annual progress
Page  4
reports with regard to FOVI operations and to the implementation of
the Project, such reports to be in a format satisfactory to the Bank
and to include data pertaining to the performance targets and
monitoring indicators referred to in the targets and indicators
letter of even date herewith addressed by Banxico to the Bank.
Banxico shall meet the performance targets set forth in such letter.
      Section 2.12. (a) Banxico shall participate in annual reviews
of Project implementation to be held in conjunction with the Bank
each month of June during Project implementation, beginning in 1993.
Such reviews shall focus on analyzing the annual progress reports
referred to in Section 2.11 of this Agreement. In case the
performance targets referred to in Section 2.11 of this Agreement or
any other Banxico obligations under this Agreement are not met, and
as part of each such review, the Bank may, without prejudice to any
other remedies it may impose, require that Banxico prepare an action
plan, satisfactory to the Bank, to make adjustments in Project
implementation. Banxico shall prepare such action plan no later than
one month after the conclusion of the review in question and shall
thereafter carry out such action plan in accordance with its terms.
      (b)   Banxico shall participate in a Project implementation
mid-term review to coincide with the annual review to be held in
June 1994. During such mid-term review, attention shall particularly
focus, inter alia, on progress in achieving the aims of the Program
and other objectives of the Project and on the topics referred to in
the mid-term review letter of even date herewith addressed by
Banxico to the Bank.
      (c)   As part of each annual progress report referred to in
Section 2.11 of this Agreement, and based in part on the surveys
referred to in Section 2.09 of this Agreement, Banxico shall:  (i)
provide the Bank information to assess whether the housing sector
regulatory environment in each of the States is either favorable or
unfavorable for promoting commercial bank and private developer
participation in such sector; and (ii) inform the Bank of the
proportion of FOVI financing nationwide which was made available for
housing in each State from the date of this Agreement through the
period covered by such annual progress report.
      (d)   At the mid-term review, Banxico and the Bank shall make,
for each State, the regulatory environment assessment referred to in
paragraph (c) of this Section. If, as a result of such review, the
Bank determines that more than 40% of FOVI financing nationwide
(from the date of this Agreement through the end of the period
covered by the mid-term review) was made available to States
assessed by the Bank, in its sole opinion, as having an unfavorable
regulatory environment, then Banxico shall, no later than one month
after the conclusion of the mid-term review and in addition to any
action plan that may be covered by paragraph (a) of this Section,
prepare and thereafter carry out a mid-term action plan,
satisfactory to the Bank, to improve the means used to encourage
housing sector deregulation in the States deemed by the Bank to have
an unfavorable housing sector regulatory environment.
                           ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Banxico shall maintain records and separate
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices FOVI's operations and financial condition, including
records and separate accounts reflecting the resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   Banxico shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, including FOVI's
                   financial statements (balance sheets, statements
                   of income and expenses and related statements),
Page  5
                   for each fiscal year, audited in accordance with
                   generally accepted auditing standards and
                   procedures consistently applied, by independent
                   and qualified auditors;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of such
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals were made from the Special Account, Banxico shall
provide to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow
the Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Section
4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
                          ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of Banxico thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Banxico thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
Page  6
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For Banxico:
            Banco de Mexico
            5 de Mayo No. 2
            06059 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:
                   BANXICO
                   Mexico City
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Banxico may be taken or executed by its
Director General or such other person or persons as its Director
General shall designate in writing, and Banxico shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                         BANCO DE MEXICO (as Trustee for
                           FONDO DE OPERACION Y FINANCIAMIENTO
                           BANCARIO A LA VIVIENDA)
                         By /s/ Manuel Zepeda Payeras
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
             Procedures for, and Terms and Conditions
             of, Intermediary Loans and FOVI Subloans
Section I:  Intermediary Loans
1.    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of, and procedures for making, Intermediary Loans shall
be as set forth in the FOVI Regulations.
2.    Intermediary Loans: (a) shall be denominated, and their
interest, principal and other charges be payable, in pesos; and (b)
shall have a variable annual interest rate equal to CPP minus 3% in
the case of Intermediary Loans used to finance FOVI Subloans for the
purchase of Type A Houses (in which case Banxico may provide
Financial Intermediaries with commissions, as set forth in the FOVI
Regulations, that would improve such Financial Intermediaries'
incentives to handle FOVI financing) and CPP minus 2% in the case of
Intermediary Loans used to finance FOVI Subloans for the purchase of
Page  7
Type B Houses.
3.    The principal amount of each Intermediary Loan shall be
repaid, irrespective of whether the FOVI Subloan or FOVI Subloans
financed by such Intermediary Loan are repaid, on the same terms and
conditions applicable to such FOVI Subloans, provided, however, that
if a FOVI Subloan or any part thereof shall be repaid to the
Financial Intermediary in advance of maturity, or, if a FOVI Subloan
or any part thereof shall be sold, transferred, assigned or
otherwise disposed of for value by the Financial Intermediary, the
Financial Intermediary shall promptly repay to the Banxico the
amount of the Intermediary Loan corresponding to such FOVI Subloan
or any part thereof so repaid in advance or disposed of for value.
4.    Participation Agreements shall, inter alia, contain:
      (a)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to abide by
the terms of the FOVI Regulations to the extent consistent with this
Agreement; and
      (b)   the obligation of the Financial Intermediary to: (i)
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, including records and separate accounts regarding its
activities under Part A of the Project; (ii) have such records and
accounts, together with its financial statements (balance sheets,
statements of income and expenses and related statements), for each
fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards and procedures consistently applied, by independent and
qualified auditors; (iii) furnish to Banxico no later than six
months after the end of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
financial statements for such year as so audited; and (B) the report
of such audit by said auditors of such scope and in such detail as
Banxico shall have reasonably requested; and (iv) furnish to Banxico
such information and documentation as required to allow Banxico to
comply with its obligations under Article III of this Agreement.
Section II:  FOVI Subloans
1.    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of, and procedures for making, FOVI Subloans shall be as
set forth in the FOVI Regulations.
2.    FOVI Subloans: (a) shall be denominated, and their interest,
principal and other charges be payable, in pesos; (b) shall be in an
amount not to exceed 100% of the selling price of the Eligible House
in question; (c) shall be repaid in monthly installments determined
and adjusted in accordance with the FOVI Regulations; (d) shall have
a variable maturity of at least one year; (e) shall have a variable
annual interest rate equal to CPP; and (f) may require payment by
the Eligible Purchaser to the Financial Intermediary of a market-
determined fixed front-end fee and market-determined variable
commissions to cover administrative expenses and credit risks of the
Financial Intermediary.
3.    No amounts disbursed under a FOVI Subloan shall be eligible
for financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless the FOVI
Subloan shall have been one for which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals from the Loan Account and such amounts shall have been
disbursed not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Bank shall have received the request and information required
under Section II, paragraph 4 of this Schedule in respect of such
FOVI Subloan.
4.    Each request by Banxico for authorization to make withdrawals
from the Loan Account in respect of a FOVI Subloan shall contain:
(a) a statement of where the Eligible House is located and whether
the Eligible House purchased with the proceeds of the FOVI Subloan
is a Type A House or a Type B House; and (b) a statement including
the name of the Financial Intermediary, the FOVI Subloan's
identification number, its date and amount.
Page  8
5.    Each FOVI Subloan shall be made pursuant to a written FOVI
Subloan Agreement between the Financial Intermediary and the
Eligible Purchaser, the terms of which shall include, inter alia:
      (a)   that the Financial Intermediary may, by itself or
jointly with representatives of the Bank or Banxico if the Bank or
Banxico shall so request, inspect the Eligible House acquired with
the proceeds of the FOVI Subloan;
      (b)   that the Bank and Banxico may obtain from the Eligible
Purchaser all such information as the Bank or Banxico shall
reasonably request with respect to the FOVI Subloan or the Eligible
House;
      (c)   that the Financial Intermediary may accelerate maturity
of the FOVI Subloan upon failure by the Eligible Purchaser to
perform any of its obligations under the FOVI Subloan Agreement;
      (d)   that the Financial Intermediary shall have a first
mortgage on the Eligible House in question as security for the
amount of the FOVI Subloan and shall thus be entitled to take
possession of the Eligible House in case of noncompliance by the
Eligible Purchaser with the terms of the FOVI Subloan Agreement; and
      (e)   that, at the expense of the Eligible Purchaser, the
Eligible House be insured by responsible insurers against such risks
and in such amounts as shall be consistent with sound housing sector
practice.
