Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3497 ME
               (Housing Market Development Project)
                              between
       BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 24, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3497 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 24, 1992, between BANCO NACIONAL DE
OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Bank has received a letter dated May 26, 1992
from the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) to which is attached
a program of actions, objectives and policies designed to promote
expanded private sector participation in the housing sector and
improve the efficiency and targeting of public sector housing
programs as pertain to the lower-income segment of the housing
market (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Guarantor, having satisfied
themselves as to the feasibility and priority of the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (C)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
Page  2
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as are set forth in
the Guarantee Agreement;
      (D)   the Project will be carried out by BANCO DE MEXICO
(Banxico), as Trustee for FONDO DE OPERACION Y FINANCIAMIENTO
BANCARIO A LA VIVIENDA and in accordance with the terms of the
agreement (the Project Agreement) of even date herewith between
Banxico and the Bank, and the Borrower will make available to
Banxico the proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted; and
      (b)   in Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is relettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement.".
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CETES" means Certificados de la Tesoreria de la
Federacion (Federal Treasury Certificates), as defined in the
Guarantor's Diario Oficial dated November 28, 1977;
      (b)   "CETES Rate" means the average annual yield, calculated
monthly, on CETES with maturities of up to one month, issued during
the month in which a CETES Rate is calculated, or such other index
reflecting the cost of funds to the Guarantor as shall be acceptable
to the Guarantor and the Bank;
      (c)   "Charter" means the Ley Organica (Organic Law) of
Banxico published in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial on December 31,
1984, as amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (d)   "CPP" means the Costo Porcentual Promedio de Captacion
(average cost of funds) published monthly by the Guarantor and
defined in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial on October 16, 1981;
      (e)   "Eligible House" means a newly-constructed, previously
unoccupied Type A House (as hereinafter defined) or a newly-
constructed, previously unoccupied Type B House (as hereinafter
defined) to be purchased by an Eligible Purchaser (as hereinafter
defined) and which has been built in reliance on the availability of
a FOVI Subloan (as hereinafter defined) to finance such purchase;
      (f)   "Eligible Purchaser" means the head of a household with
a total household monthly income not in excess of five times the
minimum monthly wage for the Distrito Federal (Federal District) as
defined by the Comision Nacional de Salarios Minimos (National
Minimum Wage Commission) and as adjusted in parallel to the
adjustments referred to in Section 1.02 (s) and (t) of this
Page  3
Agreement, who purchases an Eligible House, is the first occupant of
such Eligible House and uses such Eligible House as his or her only
residence;
      (g)   "Financial Intermediary" means a commercial banking
institution determined to be eligible by Banxico for the purpose of
making FOVI Subloans (as hereinafter defined);
      (h)   "FOVI" means Fondo de Operacion y Financiamiento
Bancario a la Vivienda, a housing trust fund established by the
Guarantor and operating in accordance with the FOVI Trust Agreement
(as hereinafter defined);
      (i)   "FOVI Regulations" means: (i) Banxico Circular 1965/88
dated July 27, 1988; (ii) Banxico Circular 1935/85 dated December 9,
1985; (iii) Reglas para las Subastas de Derechos sobre Creditos para
Financiar Vivienda (Rules for the Auction of Rights to Credits to
Finance Housing) published in the Guarantor's Diario Oficial on
May 30, 1989; and (iv) FOVI rules adopted by FOVI's Technical
Committee during its sessions number 219 (of July 17, 1991) and
number 223 (of November 21, 1991), all as amended from time to time;
      (j)   "FOVI Subloan" means a loan made, or proposed to be
made, by a Financial Intermediary, with the proceeds of an
Intermediary Loan (as hereinafter defined), to an Eligible Purchaser
for the acquisition of an Eligible House;
      (k)   "FOVI Subloan Agreement" means an agreement between a
Financial Intermediary and an Eligible Purchaser pursuant to which
a FOVI Subloan is made;
      (l)   "FOVI Trust Agreement" means the agreement between the
Guarantor and Banxico, dated April 10, 1963 as amended on May 21,
1985 and thereafter from time to time, whereby Banxico is appointed
trustee of FOVI;
      (m)   "Intermediary Loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made, with the proceeds of the Loan and pursuant to a Participation
Agreement (as hereinafter defined), by Banxico to a Financial
Intermediary;
      (n)   "Normatividad" means the Normatividad para el Ejercicio
de Creditos Provenientes de Organismos Financieros Internacionales
Destinados a la Banca de Desarrollo y Fondos de Fomento con Apoyos
del Gobierno Federal por Diferenciales Negativos en Tasas de Interes
(Regulations Governing the Use of Loans from International Finance
Institutions to Development Banks and Funds with Assistance from the
Federal Government for Negative Differentials in Interest Rates),
issued by the Guarantor's Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
(Finance Ministry) and Secretaria de Programacion y Presupuesto
(Planning and Budgeting Ministry), by means of Oficio No. 102-B-049,
dated November 18, 1988;
      (o)   "Participation Agreement" means an agreement to be
entered into by Banxico with a Financial Intermediary pursuant to
Section 2.02 of the Project Agreement;
      (p)   "peso" means the currency of the Guarantor;
      (q)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (r)   "States" means the Estados and the Distrito Federal
(Federal District) that constitute the United Mexican States;
      (s)   "Type A House" means a house, as otherwise defined in
the FOVI Regulations, the purchase price of which is no greater than
100 times the minimum monthly wage referred to in Section 1.02 (f)
of this Agreement, as such minimum monthly wage may be adjusted
pursuant to the valores sustitutos (substitute values) mechanism
referred to in the Banxico notice published on pages 35-36 of the
Guarantor's Diario Oficial of April 19, 1991; and
Page  4
      (t)   "Type B House" means a house, as otherwise defined in
the FOVI Regulations, the purchase price of which is no greater than
130 times, but more than 100 times, the minimum monthly wage
referred to in Section 1.02 (f) of this Agreement, as such minimum
monthly wage may be adjusted pursuant to the valores sustitutos
(substitute values) mechanism referred to in the Banxico notice
published on pages 35-36 of the Guarantor's Diario Oficial of
April 19, 1991.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of four hundred fifty million Dollars ($450,000,000),
being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each
withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for amounts paid (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to
be paid) by Banxico to a Financial Intermediary on account of the
disbursement of a FOVI Subloan to an Eligible Purchaser to purchase
an Eligible House in respect of which the withdrawal from the Loan
Account is requested.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Banxico on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed;
            (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
Page  5
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section;
                   and
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
            Transfer of Loan Proceeds; Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Guarantor and
Banxico, providing, inter alia, for:
      (a)   transfer to the Guarantor of the proceeds of the Loan in
the same currencies as received from the Bank;
      (b)   onlending by the Guarantor to Banxico of the proceeds of
the Loan to carry out the Project under terms and conditions which
shall include: (i) funds onlent shall be denominated and repayable
in pesos; (ii) the interest rate charged on funds shall be equal to
the CETES Rate and shall be paid on amounts withdrawn and
outstanding on a monthly basis; and (iii) principal amounts
withdrawn and outstanding shall be repaid semiannually in accordance
with the timetable set forth in the amortization schedule in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement;
      (c)   provision by the Guarantor to Banxico, in accordance
with the Normatividad and by means of specific annual budgetary
allocations, of all amounts required to cover: (i) the difference,
if any, between the CETES Rate and the interest rate charged by
Banxico on Intermediary Loans; and (ii) financial intermediation and
operating costs of Banxico incurred in carrying out the Project; and
      (d)   payment by the Guarantor to the Borrower of all amounts
required by the Borrower to pay to the Bank on account of principal,
interest and other charges on the proceeds of the Loan.
Page  6
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not change or fail to enforce the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Section 9.07 of the General Conditions
shall be carried out by Banxico pursuant to Section 2.04 of the
Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall participate in the reviews
referred to in Section 2.12 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting
practices, its operations and financial condition, including records
and separate accounts for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records referred to in paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, its accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) and records
                   and accounts for the Special Account for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   generally accepted auditing standards and
                   procedures consistently applied, by independent
                   and qualified auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank each month certified
                   statements of the Special Account; and
           (iv)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning the said records, accounts and
                   financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, records and separate accounts
                   reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and separate accounts
                   are included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
Page  7
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Banxico shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that Banxico will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   the Guarantor or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of Banxico or for the suspension of its operations;
      (d)   the Guarantor or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of FOVI or for the suspension of its operations;
      (e)   the Charter or FOVI Trust Agreement shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the operations or the financial condition
of Banxico or FOVI or Banxico's ability to carry out the Project or
to perform any of its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (f)   the FOVI Regulations shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to conflict with any term of the
Project Agreement or in any manner which could materially and
adversely affect the carrying out of the Project; and
      (g)   Banxico shall have allocated rights to housing credits
(except for military housing programs and natural disaster relief
programs combined up to a maximum of 5% of all FOVI funds allocated
in any given fiscal year) through methods other than the auction
mechanisms referred to in the FOVI Regulations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to the
Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) or (e) or
(f) or (g) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                           ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions,
namely, that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section
3.01 of this Agreement have been executed on behalf of the Borrower,
the Guarantor and Banxico.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Page  8
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   on behalf of Banxico, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by Banxico, and is legally binding
upon Banxico in accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   on behalf of each of the parties to the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of this Agreement, that
such contractual arrangements have been duly authorized or ratified
by each such party and is legally binding upon each such party in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date October 26, 1992 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Director General of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
            Insurgentes Norte 423
            06900 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   BANTECARIO                BNOSME 01772619
                   Mexico City               Mexico City
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
                           PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                         By /s/ Enrique Alvarez del Castillo
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  9
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)   FOVI Subloans            310,000,000      60% of amounts
      (through end of                           disbursed by a
      May 1994)                                 Financial Inter-
                                                mediary through
                                                May 31, 1994
                                                under a FOVI Sub-
                                                loan out of the
                                                proceeds of an
                                                Intermediary Loan
(2)   FOVI Subloans             90,000,000      60% of amounts
      (June 1994                                disbursed by a
      through end of                            Financial Inter-
      1995)                                     mediary from June
                                                1, 1994 through
                                                the end of 1995
                                                under a FOVI Sub-
                                                loan out of the
                                                proceeds of an
                                                Intermediary Loan
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(3)   FOVI Subloans             50,000,000      60% of amounts
      (1996 and                                 disbursed by a
      thereafter)                               Financial Inter-
                                                mediary during
                                                1996 and thereafter
                                                under a FOVI
                                                Subloan out of the
                                                proceeds of an
                                                Intermediary Loan
                               ___________
      TOTAL                    450,000,000
                               ===========
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) a FOVI Subloan unless
the FOVI Subloan has been made in accordance with the procedures and
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 1
to the Project Agreement; and (b) payments made for expenditures
prior to the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $5,000,000, may be
made in respect of Category (1) on account of payments made for
Page  10
expenditures before that date but after April 22, 1992.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, any Loan
amount remaining unwithdrawn under Category (1) at the end of May
1994 and under Category (2) at the end of 1995 shall, by notice to
the Borrower, be reallocated by the Bank to Category (2) or Category
(3), respectively, no later than fifteen days after the end of each
such period.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to:  (a) expand the supply
of funding for low-cost housing in Mexico; (b) induce commercial
banks to increase lending to creditworthy lower-income home buyers;
(c) support the removal of unnecessary regulatory barriers to
promote the participation of financiers and private developers in
the low-cost housing sector in Mexico; (d) improve publicly-
available information regarding the housing finance and housing
production market in Mexico; (e) improve the wage index on which
FOVI Subloan repayment adjustments are based; and (f) achieve the
aims of the Program.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Bank and the Borrower may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Housing Finance
      Provision of financing, in the form of FOVI Subloans, for the
purchase of Eligible Houses.
Part B:     Studies
1.    Carrying out of a study on how to develop a secondary mortgage
market in Mexico.
2.    Carrying out of a study to develop a new wage index on which
to base:  (a) FOVI Subloan repayment adjustments; (b) classification
of Eligible House types; (c) amounts of each FOVI Subloan; and (d)
income eligibility of Eligible Purchasers.
3.    Carrying out of a study to improve publicly-available
information on the housing finance and housing production market in
Mexico.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                     Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due              (expressed in dollars)*
On each February 15 and August 15
      beginning February 15, 1998         22,500,000
      through August 15, 2007
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
Page  11
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                        0.20
      before maturity
More than three years but                        0.40
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                          0.73
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                       0.87
      more than 13 years
      before maturity
More than 13 years before                        1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means the Categories set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means amounts disbursed
under FOVI Subloans and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan allocated to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, provided, however, that
notwithstanding the provisions of Section II, paragraph 3 of
Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement, payments to cover amounts
disbursed under FOVI Subloans may be made out of the Special Account
before the Bank shall have authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account in respect thereof. Such amounts disbursed under FOVI
Subloans, however, shall qualify as eligible expenditures only if
the Bank shall subsequently authorize such withdrawals; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $30,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   for withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested; and
Page  12
      (b)   (i)    for replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify; and
           (ii)    prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the eligible Categories, and in the respective
equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents
and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
Page  13
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
