Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3497 ME
               (Housing Market Development Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 24 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3497 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 24, 1992, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a Loan in various currencies equivalent to four hundred fifty
million dollars ($450,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
provided in this Agreement;
Page  2
      (C)   by an agreement (the Project Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Bank and BANCO DE MEXICO (Banxico) as Trustee
for FONDO DE OPERACION Y FINANCIAMIENTO BANCARIO A LA VIVIENDA,
Banxico has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in the
Project Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower and the Project Agreement
with Banxico, has agreed to guarantee such obligations of the
Borrower and of Banxico and to undertake such other obligations as
set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower and of Banxico, all as set forth
in the Loan Agreement and the Project Agreement, respectively.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to Banxico will be inadequate to
meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, promptly to
provide Banxico or cause Banxico to be provided with such funds as
are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor shall:
(a) take all measures required to assist Banxico in carrying out its
obligations under the Project Agreement; (b) not take or permit to
be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with the
performance by Banxico of its obligations under the Project
Agreement; and (c) act in a manner consistent with the Program.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall be a party to the housing
sector deregulation agreements referred to in Section 2.08 of the
Project Agreement and shall take all reasonable steps to promote
compliance by the States with the terms of such agreements.
Page  3
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall participate in the reviews
referred to in Section 2.12 of the Project Agreement and shall, if
requested by the Bank, participate in the preparation and in the
carrying out of the mid-term action plan and other action plans
referred to in Section 2.12 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional
            Patio Central, piso 4
            Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                                 Telex:
                                                   1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                       Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                       248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                   197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                               UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                               By /s/ Gustavo Petricioli
                                         Authorized Representative
                               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                               By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Page  4
