Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2142 GM
                 (Second Education Sector Project)
                              between
                    THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 29, 1990
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2142 GM
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 29, 1990, between THE REPUBLIC OF THE
GAMBIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the European
Economic Community (EEC) a grant (the EEC Grant) in an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to assist in financing Parts A (1) and B of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the EEC Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
and EEC; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
Page  2
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower pur--
suant to an exchange of letters dated November 29, 1988, January 2,
1989, April 26, 1990, and May 16, 1990, between the Borrower and the
Association;
      (c)   "MOE" means the Borrower's Ministry of Education, Youth,
Sports and Culture;
      (d)   "PIU" means the Project Implementing Unit of MOE;
      (e)   "CDC" means the Curriculum Development Center of MOE;
and
      (f)   "BPMRU" means the Book Production and Materials
Resources Unit of MOE.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eleven million three hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 11,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
    (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the Central
Bank of the Gambia on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1997 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 1 and August 1
commencing August 1, 2000 and ending February 1, 2030. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 1,
2010 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
Page  4
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through MOE
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, educational and planning
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall carry out the actions
described in Schedule 5 to this Agreement to the satisfaction of the
Association.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall, not
later than April 30, 1991 and, thereafter, not later than April 30
of each subsequent year during which the Project is due to be
executed, exchange views on the execution of the Project and the
performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement.
      (b)   Not later than one month prior to each such exchange of
views, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its review
and comments: (i) a report on the execution of the Project, in such
form and detail as the Association shall request; and (ii) such
other report or document as the Association may reasonably require
for purposes of each such exchange of views.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall carry out jointly with the
Association by April 30, 1994 a mid-term review of the progress made
in achieving the objectives of the Project, including the reform
measures described in the Borrower's education policy letter dated
April 12, 1990 to the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing princi-
                  ples consistently applied, by independent audi-
                  tors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than three months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
Page  5
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that every six months said auditors fur-
                  nish to the Association an opinion as to whether
                  the statements of expenditure submitted during
                  such period, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their preparation,
                  can be relied upon to support the related with-
                  drawals.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. (a) Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that subject to paragraph (b) of this Section:
            (i)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the pro-
                  ceeds of any grant or loan made to the Borrower
                  for the financing of the Project (including the
                  EEC Grant) shall have been suspended, cancelled
                  or terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                  the terms of the agreement providing therefor; or
           (ii)   any such loan shall have become due and payable
                  prior to the agreed maturity thereof;
      (b)   Paragraph (a) of this Section shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that:
            (i)   such suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and
           (ii)   adequate funds for the Project are available to
                  the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                  conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                  Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely, the
event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement
shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) of that
Section.
                            ARTICLE VII
                   Effective Dates; Termination
Page  6
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as  addi-
tional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower has furnished to the Association detailed
plans satisfactory to the Association providing for the consolida-
tion of schools and multi-grade and double-shift teaching;
      (b)   the Borrower has set up at least two mobile construction
teams for Part A (1) (a) of the Project and employed volunteers to
supervise the work of the said teams;
      (c)   the Borrower has approved rules for the upgrading to
Grade 3 of its Civil Service Salary Scale of primary school teachers
who successfully complete the in-service training program included
in the Project; and
      (d)   the Borrower has appointed and assigned to PIU a deputy
Project Manager with qualifications and experience satisfactory to
the Association.
      Section 7.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Minister responsible for Finance and Trade
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Trade
            The Quadrangle
            Banjul
            The Republic of the Gambia
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  MINFIN
                  The Republic of the Gambia       2264
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INDEVAS                         197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.                248423 (RCA)
                                                   64145 (WUI) or
                                                   82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  THE REPUBLIC OF THE GAMBIA
Page  7
                  By /s/ Ousman A. Sallah
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                               Amount of the
                              Credit Allocated          % of
                               (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category                SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)   Civil works:
      (a)   Part A (1) (a)       4,340,000          100%
            of the Project
      (b)   Other Parts            230,000          90%
            of the Project
(2)   Textbooks and                460,000          100%
      instructional
      materials
(3)   School furniture           1,000,000          80%
(4)   Equipment and                480,000          100%
      vehicles
(5)   Consultants'               1,680,000         100%
      services
(6)   Training                     380,000         100%
(7)   Pre-investment
      studies                      230,000         100%
                              Amount of the
                              Credit Allocated          % of
                               (Expressed in        Expenditures
      Category                SDR Equivalent)      to be Financed
(8)   Operating                    970,000         100%
      costs
(9)   Refunding of                 540,000         Amount due
      Project Prepara-                             pursuant to
      tion Advance                                 Section 2.02
                                                   (c) of this
                                                   Agreement
(10)  Unallocated                  990,000
                                __________
           TOTAL                11,300,000
                                ==========
Page  8
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "Operating costs"
means all costs arising on account of local staff salaries and
allowances, maintenance of vehicles and equipment, fuel, office
rent, supplies and services under the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) improve the quality
of and expand access to primary education in the Gambia; (ii)
restructure the secondary education system; (iii) strengthen the
vocational educational system; and (iv) improve education sector
management.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Expanding and Improving Primary Education
(1)   (a)   Program to expand and improve primary school education
facilities including: (i) rehabilitation of about 200 classrooms;
(ii) construction of 600 additional low-cost classrooms under a
self-help construction program in which communities participate;
(iii) equipping of said classrooms with school furniture; and (iv)
construction of 80 water wells.
      (b)   Development by PIU of standardized, low-cost building
designs including adaptation of existing designs; development of
PIU's capacity to purchase and supply locally unavailable con-
struction materials to communities participating in the self-help
school rehabilitation and construction program; establishment of
five mobile contruction teams linked to Regional Education Offices
to (i) help villagers develop construction skills, and (ii) super-
vise the classroom construction program.
(2)   Curriculum development including: (i) development by MOE's
Curriculum Development Center (CDC) of revised syllabi and manu-
scripts for primary schools and new syllabi for lower-secondary
(middle) schools; (ii) preparation by CDC of teachers' guides along
with the manuscripts; (iii) establishment by CDC of subject panels
to review curricula, create new syllabi, write new manuscripts or
adapt existing textbooks; (iv) preparation by CDC in conjunction
with the Gambia College School of Education of special short courses
to introduce teachers to the new syllabi and textbooks; and (v)
construction of a facility for CDC to use in the consolidation of
its operations and the improvement of the quality of the materials
it produces.
(3)   Production, publication and distribution of textbooks,
teachers' guides and other instructional materials including: (i)
assistance to MOE's Book Production and Materials Resources Unit
(BPMRU) to publish and/or procure textbooks and teachers' guides for
distribution to all primary and middle schools; (ii) training for
staff of BPMRU in publishing and distribution; (iii) provision of
vehicles for use in book distribution; and (iv) construction of a
warehouse in the Greater Banjul Area for book distribution to the
Regional Education Offices.
(4)   (a)   In-service teacher training programs to be carried out
by the Gambia College School of Education including: (i) upgrading
of the teaching skills of about 1,200 unqualified teachers; (ii)
local workshops to familiarize teacher trainers with the in-service
training program; and (iii) provision of the necessary books,
stationery and equipment, vehicles and other logistic support.
      (b)   Pre-service teacher training programs consisting of two-
Page  9
year full-time training for primary and secondary school teachers
including: (i) assistance to the Gambia College School of Education
to increase its students intake from 43 students in 1989 to about
120 students in 1992 and thereafter; and (ii) conversion of the
existing assembly hall of the Gambia College School of Education
into a multipurpose lecture hall for about 150-200 students.
Part B:     Restructuring and Improving Secondary Education
(1)   Introduction of a unitary secondary education system con-
sisting of three years of lower-secondary or middle school education
and three years of upper-secondary school education.
(2)   Refurbishing of science laboratories including rehabilitation
and/or conversion of existing facilities at 17 secondary technical
schools into laboratory/science rooms and provision of science
equipment and demonstration materials.
(3)   Assisting CDC to develop syllabi for the new middle schools
including: (i) identification of textbooks and instructional
materials that closely match the new syllabi; (ii) procurement of
adaptation rights to the textbooks and materials; (iii) adaptation
and printing by BPMRU (for pilot testing by CDC) of limited
quantities of manuscripts of the textbooks and instructional
materials; (iv) after testing by CDC, publication by BPMRU or
overseas publishers of textbooks and materials including teachers
handbooks; (v) provision of office equipment, furniture, stationery,
reference books and two vehicles and spare parts; (vi) local
workshops for teachers and evaluators in the use of the new
textbooks and materials; and (vii) overseas training for staff of
CDC and BPMRU.
Part C:     Strengthening Vocational Training
      Improving quality of vocational education and training (VET)
in the Gambia including: (i) reorganization of the National
Vocational Training Center (the Center) into an annex of the Gambia
Technical Training Institute (GTTI); (ii) transfer of the management
and financial responsibility for the Center to GTTI; (iii) revision
of the curriculum of the Center to emphasize practical training and
occupational competency and promote entrepreneurial skills develop-
ment; (iv) improving ties between the Center and potential
employers; (v) provision of professional and practical training for
VET instructors; (vi) provision of training equipment and materials
for the Center; (vii) physical improvements of the Center's training
facilities including (A) construction and equipping of a new
library, an audio-visual and documentation center and a small
workshop for mechanical trades, and (B) rehabilitation and equipping
of classrooms; and (viii) improvement of trade certification
standards, apprenticeship programs, and small business training.
Part D:     Strengthening Sectoral Institutions
(1)   Reorganization of MOE's central administration and restruc-
turing of the national examinations system including: (i) es-
tablishment within MOE of a senior management team to review all
major policy, strategy and management decisions of MOE; (ii)
strengthening of PIU's capability to manage and administer project
activities; (iii) local and, as necessary, overseas training of
staff of PIU in project administration, procurement and finance; and
(iv) provision of vehicles for the mobile construction teams.
(2)   Development and administration of new primary and lower-
secondary examinations which reflect the changing needs of the
education system including: (i) development of syllabus-based local
examinations for primary and middle school leavers; (ii) replacement
of the Common Entrance Examination administered by the West African
Examination Council (WAEC) with the Primary School Leaving Certifi-
cate examination; (iii) establishment of an assessment scheme for
grades 1-9; (iv) development of a feedback system to monitor student
performance in the schools; and (v) provision to WAEC's Gambian
Office of (A) technical assistance in testing and measurement and in
Page  10
evaluation techniques, (B) overseas fellowships in testing,
measurement and evaluation, (C) local workshops for teachers and
inspectors in student assessment and evaluation, and (D) office
equipment and logistic support.
                           *     *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1996.
                           SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods (including all
textbooks, instructional materials, equipment, vehicles and spare
parts and construction materials for school rehabilitation and
construction program included in Part A of the Project) shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost an amount equivalent to
$150,000 or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Gambia may
be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works consisting of: (i) construction of water wells; (ii)
skilled labor contracts for primary school rehabilitation/con-
struction; (iii) the remodelling and/or rehabilitation of middle
schools; and (iv) construction of new facilities for CDC, BPMRU, the
Gambia College School of Education, GTTI and the National Vocational
Training Center may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    School furniture may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost an amount equivalent to $20,000 or
less, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $520,000 equivalent,
may be procured on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
4.    Primary schools may be constructed by communities par-
ticipating in the Project with technical support from the mobile
construction teams to be set up under the Project.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Page  11
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditures.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of para
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satis-
factory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (8) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods, works and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $200,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Page  12
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible Cate-
gories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
Page  13
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 5
                Actions Referred to in Section 3.03
                         of this Agreement
1.    The Borrower shall as from the start of its 1991/92 school
year:
      (a)   begin to carry out the measures set out in an im-
plementation plan satisfactory to the Association to increase the
pupil/teacher ratio of the primary schools to 39:1 by the start of
the 1996/97 school year, and to 45:1 by the year 2003;
      (b)   begin to carry out an action plan satisfactory to the
Association to improve female enrollment and achievement in the
Gambian schools including: (i) measures to increase the number of
women teachers, (ii) provision of gender-neutral teaching materials
for schools, (iii) encouragement of girl pupils to take up and study
science, technology, mathematics and other technical subjects, and
(iv) the incorporation of family life education into the curricula
of schools; and
      (c)   begin to carry out a restructuring program satisfactory
to the Association for secondary general and technical education
including the phasing out by the 1995/96 school year of all
technical secondary schools.
2.    The Borrower shall: (i) no later than March 31, 1991 (A)
complete a study to determine increases required in tuition and user
fees for secondary schools and training levies for secondary and
vocational training programs and, (B) based on the results of the
study, furnish to the Association specific proposals satisfactory to
the Association for increases in said fees and training levies; and
(ii) as from the start of its 1991/92 school year begin in effect
the said increases in fees and training levies.
3.    The Borrower shall: (i) no later than March 31, 1991, furnish
to the Association a plan satisfactory to the Association specifying
criteria to be applied in determining the eligibility of the
madarassas for assistance under the Project; and (ii) as from the
start of its 1991/92 school year begin to implement the said plan.
4.   The Borrower shall not later than March 31, 1991:
      (a)   furnish to the Association a detailed plan satisfactory
to the Association which:
            (i)   provides for the establishment and operation of a
                  textbook revolving fund into which textbook fees
                  will be deposited; and
           (ii)   specifies (A) the Borrower's contributions to the
                  textbook revolving fund, (B) arrangements for the
                  collection of funds to be paid into the textbook
Page  14
                  revolving fund and the safeguarding of all funds
                  paid therein, and (C) the means of conversion
                  into hard currency of all paid-in funds;
      (b)   duly establish and thereafter maintain, in place of the
Borrower's National Vocational Training Board, a National Council
for Technical Education and Vocational Training satisfactory to the
Association on which ministries, employers and workers' organi-
zations shall be adequately represented.
      (c)   assign to technical assistance staff employed on the
Project an adequate number of Gambian nationals with qualifications
and experience satisfactory to the Association;
      (d)   furnish to the Association for its review and comments
MOE's draft rules for the Primary School Leaving Certificate (PSLC)
and the Middle School Leaving Certificate (MSLC) examinations; and
      (e)   enter into arrangements satisfactory to the  Association
for the carrying out by the West African Examination Council of
responsibility for the design, administration and management of the
PSLC and the MSLC examinations.
5.    The Borrower shall, by June 30, 1991, adopt and publish rules
for the PSLC and the MSLC examinations satisfactory to the
Association.
6.    The Borrower shall assign competent volunteers from reputable
international and other organisations to supervise the work of
mobile construction teams established under the Project.
7.    The Borrower shall: (i) continue to maintain the new
organizational structure of MOE in a form satisfactory to the
Association; and (ii) appoint to all senior positions of MOE persons
with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the Association.
