Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3272 ME
                    (Basic Health Care Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated April 12, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3272 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 12, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred eighty
million dollars ($180,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guaran-
tor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
such loan and to undertake such other obligations as provided in
this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guaran-
tee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such other
obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through SSA,
in conjunction with the Project States, with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate health, financial,
environmental and administrative standards and practices. Without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other obligations under
the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and
punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges
on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower as set forth in the Loan Agreement and the punctual
performance of all the obligations of the Project States as set
forth in the Participation Agreements referred to in Sections 3.06,
3.07 and 3.08 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide and also cause the
Project States, pursuant to Section 3.06 (d) of this Agreement, to
provide, in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project. Included in
such obligation is the provision of funding for health sector
recurrent costs, new staff for health facilities built or improved
under the Project and salaries for health sector staff in accordance
with the results of the annual reviews referred to in Section 3.16
of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall maintain a
Federal PCU within the SSA, at a level equivalent to that of an SSA
Direccion General, for the general purpose of coordinating execution
of the Project. Such Federal PCU shall have the characteristics
specified in the October 11, 1990 letter, regarding the Federal PCU
and Project State PCUs, furnished to the Bank by the SSA.
Page  3
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall maintain a
Project State PCU, within each of the Territorial Entities of the
SSA in the Distrito Federal and the states of Chiapas, Hidalgo and
Oaxaca, for the general purpose of, under supervision of the Federal
PCU, coordinating execution of the Project within those Project
States. Each such Project State PCU shall have the characteristics
specified in the October ll, 1990 letter, regarding the Federal PCU
and Project State PCUs, furnished to the Bank by the SSA.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor shall cause to be maintained
five sets of separate records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the resources and
expenditures in connection with its execution of the Project. One
set, maintained through SSA, shall reflect the resources and expen-
ditures in connection with its execution of the entire Project. The
other sets, one for each of the Distrito Federal and the states
of Chiapas, Hidalgo and Oaxaca, shall be maintained through the
respective Project State PCUs, under supervision by the Federal PCU
and with assistance from the SPP delegation in each of those Project
States, and shall each reflect the resources and expenditures
in connection with its execution of the Project in or for the
respective Project State.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested;
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request; and
            (iv)  cause SECOGEF to comply with its obligations set
                  forth in the agreement referred to in Section
                  3.06 (b) (ii) of this Agreement.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, and for all expenditures with respect to which with-
drawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall
provide to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow
the Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Section
4.01 of the Loan Agreement and Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      (d)   Once a Project State has entered into an amended Parti-
cipation Agreement referred to in Section 3.08 of this Agreement,
the Guarantor need no longer maintain the set of separate records
and accounts, for that particular Project State, referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section. However, the Guarantor shall complete
performance of all its obligations, set forth in paragraphs (b) and
(c) of this Section, that may remain pending with regard to that set
of separate records and accounts which it need no longer maintain.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor, through SSA and SPP, shall enter
into a separate Participation Agreement, satisfactory to the Bank,
with each of the Project States, whereby each of those Project
States agrees to:
      (a)   have the terms of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement
govern with regard to any procurement by the Project State in
Page  4
question, or by any municipality or other jurisdiction therein, of
contracts for goods, works or consulting or other services to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan;
      (b)   (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, separate
                  records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
                  accordance with sound accounting practices, the
                  resources applied and expenditures incurred by
                  the government of the Project State in question,
                  or by the government of any municipality or other
                  jurisdiction therein, in connection with its
                  execution of the Project;
            (ii)  perform, or cause to be performed, in collabora-
                  tion with SECOGEF, the obligations with regard to
                  such records and accounts as set forth in the
                  agreement between the Bank and SECOGEF entitled
                  Providencias de Auditoria Externa para la
                  Ejecucion del Programa Solidaridad-SSA por parte
                  de la Secretaria de Salud y los Estados
                  Participantes (External Auditing Arrangements
                  Regarding the Health Secretariat's and Project
                  States' Execution of Solidaridad-SSA); and
            (iii) perform, or cause to be performed, the same obli-
                  gations with regard to the records and accounts
                  referred to in paragraph (b) (i) of this Section
                  as the Guarantor must perform with regard to the
                  Guarantor's records and accounts pursuant to
                  Section 3.05 (b) (iii) and (c) of this Agreement.
      (c)   carry out, or cause to be carried out, the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions with regard to parts of the Project carried out
by the Project State in question or by any municipality or other
jurisdiction therein;
      (d)   provide, or cause to be provided, in a timely manner as
needed, a portion, consistent with the Decentralization Action Plan,
of the funds, facilities, services and other resources required to
carry out the Project in the Project State in question; and
      (e)   have its share of Loan proceeds withheld upon applica-
tion of the provisions of Section 5.01 of the Loan Agreement or
paragraph 7 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.07. The Participation Agreement entered into with
the state of Guerrero pursuant to Section 3.06 of this Agreement
shall also include provisions whereby the state of Guerrero agrees
to:
      (a)   maintain a Project State PCU within SESA for the general
purpose of, in cooperation with the Federal PCU, coordinating execu-
tion of the Project within the state of Guerrero. Such Project State
PCU shall in all other respects be governed by terms identical to
those set forth for other Project State PCUs in the letter referred
to in Section 3.04 of this Agreement, except that it shall be
assisted by support staff positions already existing within SESA;
      (b)   contribute data required for proper operation of
the HMIS and for proper compilation of data regarding the M&E
Indicators;
      (c)   prepare and carry out, in conjunction with SSA, the
SESA Maintenance Plan and SESA Human Resources Training Plan, all
satisfactory to the Bank, addressing for the state of Guerrero the
same matters as are addressed for the other Project States pursuant
to the plans referred to in Sections 3.10 and 3.12 of this Agree-
ment, and to be presented to the Bank no later than either the
Effective Date or the dates specified in Sections 3.10 or 3.12 of
this Agreement for each particular type of plan;
Page  5
      (d)   contract, not later than June 30, 1991, with a
consultant to prepare the SESA Institutional Development Plan,
satisfactory to the Bank, addressing for the State of Guerrero the
same matters as are addressed for the other Project States pursuant
to the plans referred to in Section 3.13 of this Agreement and carry
out such SESA Institutional Development Plan once it is prepared;
and
      (e)   participate, through SESA, in the annual reviews
referred to in Section 3.16 of this Agreement.
      Section 3.08. Upon entering into an agreement similar to the
Acuerdo de Coordinacion, pursuant to the Decentralization Action
Plan, with a Project State other than the state of Guerrero, the
Guarantor shall simultaneously amend the Participation Agreement for
that Project State referred to in Section 3.06 of this Agreement so
as to add the following provisions:
      (a)   that the Project State PCU for the Project State in
question become part of that Project State's SHA and continue to
cooperate with the Federal PCU in coordinating execution of the
Project in that Project State;
      (b)   that the Project State in question adopt as its own and
carry out, in conjunction with SSA, the Maintenance Plan, Human
Resources Training Plan and Institutional Development Plan already
existing with regard to that Project State;
      (c)   that the Project State in question contribute data
required for proper operation of the HMIS and for proper compilation
of data regarding the M&E Indicators; and
      (d)   that the Project State in question participate, through
its SHA, in the annual reviews referred to in Section 3.16 of this
Agreement.
      Section 3.09. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Guarantor shall not change or fail to enforce any provisions of the
Participation Agreements referred to in Sections 3.06, 3.07 and 3.08
of this Agreement, or any provisions of the contract with Hospital
Infantil referred to in Section 1.02 (l) of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.10. No later than July 31, 1991, the Guarantor shall
present to the Bank Maintenance Plans, satisfactory to the Bank, for
each of the Project States of Chiapas, Hidalgo, Oaxaca or the
Distrito Federal for which no Maintenance Plans were presented as of
the Effective Date. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall carry out the
Maintenance Plans with regard to all those Project States, and
assist the state of Guerrero and any Project State which has entered
into an amended Participation Agreement referred to in Section 3.08
of this Agreement in carrying out their Maintenance Plans.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor shall carry out the measures
referred to in the Staffing Normalization Letter with regard to SSA
personnel (including such personnel working in the Territorial
Entities of the SSA and in SHAs).
      Section 3.12. No later than June 30, 1991, the Guarantor shall
present to the Bank Human Resources Training Plans, satisfactory to
the Bank, for each of the Project States of Chiapas, Hidalgo, Oaxaca
or the Distrito Federal for which no Human Resources Training Plans
were presented as of the Effective Date. Such Human Resources Train-
ing Plans shall specify actions and recommendations to be imple-
mented through SSA, CONALEP and CECADE, over a five-year term
beginning in January 1991 to meet the professional training needs of
SSA staff in each of those Project States. The Guarantor shall carry
out the Human Resources Training Plans with regard to all those
Project States, and assist the state of Guerrero and any Project
State which has entered into an amended Participation Agreement
referred to in Section 3.08 of this Agreement in carrying out their
Human Resources Training Plans.
Page  6
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor shall, no later than June 30,
1991, enter into contracts, satisfactory to the Bank, with consul-
tants for the preparation of Institutional Development Plans,
satisfactory to the Bank, for each of the Project States of Chiapas,
Hidalgo, Oaxaca and the Distrito Federal. Such Institutional
Development Plans shall be presented to the Bank no later than
December 31, 1991. Such Institutional Development Plans shall
specify actions and recommendations to be implemented to ensure that
SSA develop sound administration, planning, budgeting and inventory
control procedures in each of those Project States. The Guarantor
shall carry out the Institutional Development Plans with regard to
all those Project States, and assist the state of Guerrero and any
Project State which has entered into an amended Participation
Agreement referred to in Section 3.08 of this Agreement in carrying
out their Institutional Development Plans.
      Section 3.14. The Guarantor, through SSA and in conjunction
with SESA, shall review the operation of the HMIS and shall prepare
an HMIS Plan for its improvement, satisfactory to the Bank, and
deliver such HMIS Plan to the Bank no later than December 31, 1991.
The Guarantor shall carry out the HMIS Plan. Throughout Project
execution, SSA shall use the HMIS to gather data regarding the M&E
Indicators.
      Section 3.15. The Guarantor shall carry out the Decentraliza-
tion Action Plan.
      Section 3.16. (a) The Guarantor, through SSA, shall conduct
annual reviews, beginning in September 1991 and again during each
month of September throughout Project implementation, regarding past
and proposed future implementation and budgeting of the Project
(including budgeting to cover the obligations referred to in Section
2.02 of this Agreement) and each of the Maintenance Plans, Human
Resources Training Plans, Staffing Normalization Letter, Institu-
tional Development Plans, Decentralization Action Plan and HMIS
Plan. Such reviews shall be conducted jointly with the Bank, shall
include participation by IMSS/Solidaridad administrators, each
COPLADE, each SHA, the Borrower, SHCP, SPP, Hospital Infantil and
any other research institutions carrying out studies under Part C of
the Project, CECADE, and CONALEP and shall analyze, inter alia, the
data regarding M&E Indicators collected by SSA through HMIS.
      (b)   As part of this annual review procedure, by August 30 of
each year beginning in 1991, Hospital Infantil and any other
research institutions carrying out studies under Part C of the
Project, and each Project State PCU shall deliver to the Federal
PCU draft annual plans containing targets and a description of
activities for Project implementation proposed for the subsequent
calendar year. These annual plans, which in the case of the Project
State PCUs would include updates regarding performance of the
obligations referred to in Section 3.06 (d) of this Agreement,
as well as updates regarding each of the Maintenance Plans, Human
Resources Training Plans, Staffing Normalization Letter, Institu-
tional Development Plans, Decentralization Action Plan and HMIS
Plan, would be studied and finalized during the annual reviews in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank. The annual plans submitted by
Hospital Infantil and any other research institutions carrying out
studies under Part C of the Project, would refer to planned research
studies and terms of reference therefor, all of which must be
approved by the Bank in order to proceed. By June 30 of each year
beginning in 1993, the Federal PCU shall submit to the Bank, in
terms acceptable to the Bank, annual reports on Project status,
including a comparison of how the M&E Indicators for the immediately
preceding calendar year compare to the targets set in the annual
plans for such calendar year.
      Section 3.17. In addition to the annual reviews referred to in
Section 3.16 of this Agreement, the Guarantor, through SSA and with
the assistance of consultants, shall complete a mid-term review of
the Project no later than three, but no earlier than two and a half,
years after the Effective Date. The mid-term review shall analyze
whether the Project has been meeting its objectives in a manner
Page  7
consistent with SSA policy. The mid-term review shall also assess
the Project's organization, coordination, monitoring, equity,
effectiveness and efficiency. The Federal PCU shall prepare terms of
reference, satisfactory to the Bank, for the consultants involved in
the mid-term review, and shall present the results of the mid-term
review to the Bank immediately upon its completion.
      Section 3.18. The Guarantor shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) with regard to all parts of the Project
carried out by the Guarantor.
      Section 3.19. No civil works for new health centers under
Part A.1 of the Project shall be undertaken without taking into
account the results of an environmental impact study, satisfactory
to the Bank, regarding such works. For civil works under Part A.1 of
the Project involving expansion or rehabilitation of already
existing hospitals and health centers, it must first be determined
by SSA, to the Bank's satisfaction, that increased waste disposal
generated by such facilities would not have negative environmental
impact. Such environmental impact studies and waste disposal
analyses shall be prepared based on environmental assessment
guidelines, satisfactory to the Bank, to be prepared by SSA no later
than July 31, 1991, and the results of such studies and analyses
shall be examined during the course of the annual reviews referred
to in Section 3.16 of this Agreement.
      Section 3.20. No later than July 30, 1992, the Guarantor,
through SSA, shall present to the Bank for comments the results of
a review performed by SSA of the efficiency and adequacy of the
purchase and distribution of drugs and medical supplies by the SSA
and SHAs in the Project States. Such results shall include an action
plan, to be carried out by SSA and the SHAs during the course of
Project implementation, for the purpose of improving such purchase
and distribution practices.
      Section 3.21. The Guarantor, through SSA, shall, no later than
June 30, 1992, complete the health sector resource allocation and
mobilization study included in Part C of the Project, present its
results to the Bank and exchange views with the Bank regarding such
results. On the basis of the results of the study and such exchange
of views, the Guarantor shall, by December 31, 1992, prepare an
action plan satisfactory to the Bank. The Guarantor shall implement
such action plan in accordance with the implementation schedule
included in such action plan.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Patio Central, piso 4
            Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Fax:                          Telex:
Page  8
               522-7550                     1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                              UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                              By /s/ Oscar Espinosa Villarreal
                                         Authorized Representative
                              INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                              RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                              By /s/ Shahid Hussain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
