Page  1
            ODA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2220 MAI
                 Overseas Development
            Administration Grant Agreement
                (Republic of Malawi -
    Population, Health and Nutrition Sector Credit)
                        between
                  REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    provided by the
          OVERSEAS DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION
                 Dated August 27, 1992
            ODA GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2220 MAI
                 OVERSEAS DEVELOPMENT
            ADMINISTRATION GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 27, 1992, between REPUBLIC
OF MALAWI (the Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION acting as Administrator (the Administrator)
of the ODA Grant (as hereinafter defined) provided by the
Overseas Development Administration of the United Kingdom
(ODA).
     WHEREAS (A) the Recipient has requested the
assistance of the International Development Association
(the Association) for the financing of the Population,
Health and Nutrition Sector Credit (the Project);
     WHEREAS (B) the Association has granted a Credit for
the said Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Development Credit Agreement (Credit No. 2220-MAI)
dated May 31, 1991, between the Recipient and the
Association (the IDA Development Credit Agreement);
     WHEREAS (C) the Recipient has requested the
assistance of ODA for the financing of Part D of the
Project (the Social Program Support Fund Component)
described in Schedule 2 to the IDA Development Credit
Agreement;
     WHEREAS (D) ODA wishes to make available to the
Recipient a grant in an amount not exceeding three
hundred thousand pounds sterling (\1a300,000) (the ODA
Page  2
Grant) to assist the Recipient in carrying out the Social
Program Support Fund Component on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
     WHEREAS (E) by an understanding set out in an
exchange of letters dated March 17, 1992 between ODA and
the Association (the Arrangements), ODA has requested the
Association, and the Association has accepted, to
administer, the ODA Grant in accordance with the
provisions of the Arrangements; and
     WHEREAS (F) the Recipient acknowledges that the
financial assistance extended to the Recipient under this
ODA Grant Agreement will be considered as part of the
bilateral development aid extended by the Government of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
to the Recipient;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985 (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement, subject, however, to the
following modifications thereof:
     (a)  the term "Association", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association, acting as Administrator of the ODA Grant
pursuant to the Arrangements, except in the phrase
"member of the Association" in Section 2.01 (5), 4.02 (b)
and Section 6.02 (e) of the General Conditions;
     (b)  the term "Development Credit Agreement",
wherever used in the General Conditions, means this ODA
Grant Agreement;
     (c)  the term "Credit", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the ODA Grant extended to the Recipient
under this Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit Account", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the ODA Grant Account, the
account opened by the Administrator in its books in the
name of the Recipient to which the amount of the ODA
Grant is credited;
     (e)  the term "Special Account", whenever used in
the General Conditions or in this Agreement, means the
account opened by the Recipient in accordance with
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement;
     (f)  in Sections 6.02 and 7.01 of the General
Conditions, the term "Association" shall also include the
International Development Association acting in its own
capacity;
     (g)  Section 9.06 (c) of the General Conditions
shall be modified to read:
               "(c) Not later than six months after the
          Closing Date or such later date as may be
          agreed for this purpose between the Recipient
          and the Administrator, the Recipient shall
          prepare and furnish to the Administrator a
          report, of such scope and in such detail, as
          the Administrator shall reasonably request, on
Page  3
          the execution of the Project referred to in
          the Preamble to the ODA Grant Agreement, the
          performance by the Recipient and the
          Administrator of their respective obligations
          under the ODA Grant Agreement, and the
          accomplishment of the purposes of the ODA
          Grant";
     (h)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02, 12.04 and
12.05 are deleted; and
     (i)  the term "Borrower", wherever used in the
General Conditions, means the Recipient.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the IDA Development Credit
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth,
and the terms "Pounds Sterling" and "L" mean the currency
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern
Ireland.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
the Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to, a grant in an amount not exceeding three
hundred thousand pounds sterling (\1a300,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The proceeds of the ODA Grant may
be withdrawn from the ODA Grant Account for 100% of
expenditures made (or, if the Administrator shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
goods and services required for the Social Program
Support Fund Component and to be financed out of the ODA
Grant.
     (b)  Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, procurement of goods and services required by the
Recipient in carrying out the Social Program Support Fund
Component and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
ODA Grant shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 3 to the IDA Development Credit
Agreement, which is hereby incorporated into this
Agreement with the same force and effect as if it were
fully set forth herein, it being understood that the
references in said Schedule to the "Association" shall be
deemed to be references to the Association acting as
Administrator of the ODA Grant.
     (c)  The Recipient shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Administrator, including appropriate protection
against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to the IDA
Development Credit Agreement, said provisions being
hereby incorporated as if they were fully set forth
herein; it being understood that the amount of the
Authorized Allocation shall be deemed to be an amount
equivalent to fifty thousand dollars ($50,000).
     (d)  If the Administrator shall have reasonably
determined that the procurement of any item is
inconsistent with the procedures set forth or referred to
in paragraph (b) above, no expenditures for such item
shall be financed out of the proceeds of the ODA Grant,
Page  4
and the Administrator may, without in any way restricting
or limiting any other right, power or remedy of the
Administrator under this Agreement, by notice to the
Recipient, cancel such amount of the ODA Grant as, in the
Administrator's reasonable opinion, represents the amount
of such expenditures which would otherwise have been
eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the ODA
Grant.
     Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1997, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify the
Recipient of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, Articles III and IV of the IDA Development Credit
Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement
with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth herein, it being understood that all references in
said Articles III and IV to "the Association" shall be
deemed to be references to the Administrator of the ODA
Grant under this Agreement and all references to the
"Credit" and the "Credit Account" shall be deemed to be
references to the ODA Grant and the ODA Grant Account,
respectively.
                      ARTICLE IV
  Representation; Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Recipient shall be the representative of the Recipient
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Recipient:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 30049
          Lilongwe 3
          Malawi
          Cable address:                Telex:
               FINANCE                    44407 MI
               Lilongwe
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
               INDEVAS                    248423 (RCA)
               Washington, D.C.                 64145
(WUI)
                                          197688 (TRT) or
                                           82987 (FTCC)
     Section 4.03. In accordance with the Arrangements,
the rights and obligations of the Administrator under
Page  5
this Agreement may be transferred to the ODA. The
Recipient accepts and agrees that, upon notice by the
Administrator to the Recipient to that effect, ODA shall,
ipso facto, from the date specified in such notice, be
substituted in all rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement as if ODA had been an
original party to this Agreement, without any further
action or formality required on the part of any party,
and from such date the Administrator shall cease to have
any rights or obligations as a party under this
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
                     Effectiveness
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date first above written and shall continue in
effect until the ODA Grant has been fully disbursed and
the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations under this Agreement.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
               REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
               By /s/ B. B. Mbanya
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 as Administrator of the ODA Grant
               By /s/ F. J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
