Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3637 SK
                        Guarantee Agreement
                   (Telecommunications Project)
                              between
                          SLOVAK REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated August 18, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3637 SK
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 18, 1993, between SLOVAK REPUBLIC (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Slovak Telecommunications,
Bratislava (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibil-
ity and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to fifty-five million
dollars ($55,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k) An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
      several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
      this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
      Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, all as
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall take all measures as may be
required within its powers (including, without limitation, increases
of tariff levels, the granting of licenses and issuance of approv-
als) to enable the Borrower to carry out the Project and to comply
with its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, including,
inter alia, the provision of Sections 5.02 and 5.03 of the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor and the Bank shall, from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views with regard to
the Guarantor's telecommunications tariff policies and its plans in
respect of the overall development of the telecommunications sector.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   review the allocation of responsibilities for adjusting
the structure and level of tariffs and, taking into consideration
the recommendations of any studies on tariffs charged by the
Borrower, including the study referred to in paragraph 2 (a) of
Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement, by January 1, 1994, prepare an
action plan for review and comments by the Bank for putting into
effect a revised tariff regulatory structure, methodology and
procedures for telecommunications tariffs; and
    (b)   by April 1, 1994, taking into consideration the Bank's
comments on the action plan referred to in subparagraph (a) above,
put into effect such revised tariff regulatory structure,
Page  3
methodology and procedures.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            Letenska 15
            11810 Prague 1
            Slovak Republic
                                           Telex:
                                             121868
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         SLOVAK REPUBLIC
                         By /s/ M. Jezovica
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ K. Dervis
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
Page  4
