Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3419 ME
             (Irrigation and Drainage Sector Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                    NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                      Dated December 6, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3419 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 6, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and NACIONAL
FINANCIERA, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS: (A) United Mexican States (the Guarantor) and the
Borrower, having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Inter-American
Development Bank (IDB) a loan (IDB Loan) in an amount of two hundred
million dollars ($200,000,000) to assist in financing the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the IDB Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and IDB;
      (C)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is re-lettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be incon-
      sistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of the
      Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      (b)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Action Plans" means collectively the Transfer Action
Plan (as hereinafter defined), the Cost Recovery Targets Plan (as
hereinafter defined) and the Institutional Development Action Plan
(as hereinafter defined);
      (b)   "Annual Investment and Operating Plan" means each of the
annual plans to be prepared by CNA and submitted to the Bank
pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Guarantee Agreement and which plans
shall include the proposed Subprojects (as hereinafter defined) and
other activities to be executed by the Guarantor in the following
year, all selected in accordance with the criteria set forth in the
Reglamento Operativo (as hereinafter defined), and the proposed
financing plans therefor;
      (c)   "CNA" means the Guarantor's National Water Commission
(Comision Nacional del Agua);
      (d)   "Concesion" means the agreement entered into between CNA
and a User's Association (as hereinafter defined) for purposes of
transferring to the latter the administration and maintenance of an
Irrigation District (as hereinafter defined) or Irrigation Module
(as hereinafter defined), all in accordance with the Transfer Action
Plan (as hereinafter defined);
      (e)   "Contractual Arrangements" means the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of this Agreement;
      (f)   "Cost Recovery Targets Plan" means the set of targets
for the recovery from beneficiaries of operation and maintenance
costs and capital costs related to irrigation and drainage
infrastructure, as such targets are set forth in the letter of even
date herewith;
      (g)   "Environmental Assessment Agreement" means the agree-
ment, satisfactory to the Bank, to be entered into between CNA and
SEDUE (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to Section 6.01 (d) of this
Agreement, providing for, inter alia, the rules and procedures on
environmental assessments of proposed Subprojects (as hereinafter
defined);
      (h)   "Fiscal Year" means the Guarantor's fiscal year starting
Page  3
January 1 and ending December 31;
      (i)   "IMTA" means the Guarantor's Mexican Institute of Water
Technology (Instituto Mexicano de Tecnologia del Agua);
      (j)   "IMTA Instruction Letter" means the instruction letter,
satisfactory to the Bank, to be issued by CNA's Director General
setting forth IMTA's responsibilities in the carrying out of Part B
of the Project;
      (k)   "Institutional Development Action Plan" means the plan
of actions, and timetables therefor, for purposes of strengthening
the institutional capabilities of CNA, as such plan is set forth in
the letter of even date herewith;
      (l)   "Irrigation District" means a Guarantor's Distrito de
Riego as defined in the Guarantor's Federal Water Law (Ley Federal
de Aguas) dated December 30, 1971 and published in the Guarantor's
Official Gazette on January 11, 1972, as amended to this date;
      (m)   "Irrigation Module" means an administrative unit (Modulo
de Transferencia) established by CNA within an Irrigation District,
for purposes of transferring to the respective users the operation
and maintenance of the irrigation and drainage infrastructure within
such unit;
      (n)   "Irrigation Unit" means a Guarantor's Unidad de Riego
para el Desarrollo Rural as defined in the Guarantor's Federal Water
Law (Ley Federal de Aguas), dated December 30, 1971 and published in
the Guarantor's Official Gazette on January 11, 1972 as amended to
this date;
      (o)   "Legislation" means the Guarantor's Federal Water Law
(Ley Federal de Aguas) dated December 30, 1971 and published in the
Official Gazette on January 11, 1972; Federal Law of Rights on Water
Matters (Ley Federal de Derechos en Materia de Aguas) published in
the Official Gazette on December 31, 1981; Law on Contributions for
Improvements of Hydraulic Infrastructure Public Works (Ley de
Contribucion de Mejoras por Obras Publicas de Infraestructura
Hidraulica) dated December 17, 1990 and published in the Official
Gazette on December 26, 1990 and any other legal provision,
including without limitation leyes and decretos, related to the
Guarantor's irrigation and drainage sector, each as amended from
time to time;
      (p)   "Monitoring Indicators" means each of the indicators for
monitoring progress in the implementation of Subprojects (as
hereinafter defined) as such indicators are set forth in the letter
of even date herewith;
      (q)   "New Subproject" means any Subproject (as hereinafter
defined) carried out or to be carried out under the Project, the
execution of which Subproject was initiated in 1991 or thereafter.
New Subprojects include, inter alia, ampliaciones as such term is
defined in the Reglamento Operativo;
      (r)   "Program" means the Guarantor's 1991-1994 Irrigation,
Drainage and Agricultural Flood Control Program, El Programa de
Inversiones en Riego y Drenaje (PIRD);
      (s)   "Reglamento Operativo" means the operating regulations
approved by CNA through (add reference to legal provision), for the
implementation of the Project and which operating regulations
include the following annexes: (1) Metodologia y Criterios de
Elegibilidad de Proyectos; (2) Procedimientos Operativos;
(3) Control y Seguimiento; (4) Operacion y Mantenimiento; and
(5) Convenios;
      (t)   "SEDUE" means the Guarantor's Secretariat of Urban
Development and Environment (Secretaria de Desarrollo Urbano y
Ecologia);
Page  4
      (u)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (v)   "SPP" means the Guarantor's Secretariat of Planning and
Budget (Secretaria de Programacion y Presupuesto);
      (w)   "SPS System" means the system, satisfactory to the Bank,
to be established by CNA, for purposes of the planning, programming,
implementation, monitoring and review in respect of the carrying out
of the Project, as such system is defined in the Reglamento
Operativo;
      (x)   "Subproject" means a specific development project, which
may include civil works, acquisition of goods, provision of services
and/or studies, in the irrigation and drainage sector, and which
project: (i) is included in one of the categories described in the
Reglamento Operativo; and (ii) meets the eligibility criteria set
forth in the Reglamento Operativo;
      (y)   "Transfer Action Plan" means the Guarantor's plan of
actions and timetables therefor regarding the transfer to User's
Associations (as hereinafter defined) of the administration,
operation and maintenance of 21 Irrigation Districts, as such plan
is set forth in the letter of even date herewith; and
      (z)   "User's Association" means each of the private associa-
tions with legal personality, including Asociaciones Civiles and
Sociedades de Responsabilidad Limitada de Interes Publico, formed or
to be formed by the users in an Irrigation District or Irrigation
Module, for purposes of the administration and maintenance of the
respective Irrigation District or Irrigation Module pursuant to the
Transfer Action Plan, and "User's Associations" means all such
private associations.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of four hundred million dollars ($400,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in Banco de Mexico on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
Page  5
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
            (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
            (iii) "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                  "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                  "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
            Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the
            Guarantor of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined
            in respect of such Quarter."
                  "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
            Transfer of Loan Proceeds; Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements with the Guarantor, satisfactory to the Bank, provid-
ing, inter alia, for: (i) the transfer to the Guarantor of the
proceeds of the Loan for the carrying out of the Project; and (ii)
the transfer by the Guarantor to the Borrower of such funds as the
Borrower shall be required to pay to the Bank on account of
Page  6
principal, interest and other charges on the Loan. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not change or fail to
enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.02. The Borrower shall participate in the annual
reviews referred to in Section 3.03 (b) of the Guarantee Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, records and separate accounts for the Special Account
adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound accounting practices,
the resources and expenditures in connection with the execution of
the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have such records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with generally accepted auditing
                  standards and procedures consistently applied, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank each month certified state-
                  ments of the Special Account; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Bank such other information con-
                  cerning said records and accounts as well as the
                  audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall provide to the Guarantor any
information that may be required by the Guarantor, to comply with
the Guarantor's obligations under Section 4.01 (c) of the Guarantee
Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   that any of the parties to the Environmental Assessment
Agreement shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
thereunder or IMTA shall have failed to perform any of its obliga-
tions under the IMTA Instruction Letter;
      (b)   the Transfer Action Plan or any part thereof shall have
not been implemented or any situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that such Transfer Action Plan, or any part thereof, will
be implemented;
      (c)   any of the targets in the Cost Recovery Targets Plan
shall have not been achieved or any situation has arisen which shall
make it improbable that any of such targets will be achieved; and
Page  7
      (d)   the Legislation, or any part thereof, shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, or waived in a manner which, in the
opinion of the Bank, would materially and adversely affect the
implementation of the Project or Action Plans or the attainment of
the objectives of the Project.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to the
Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (b), or (c), or (d) of
this Agreement shall occur.
                             ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the SPS System has been established and made operational
in a manner satisfactory to the Bank;
      (b)   the Bank shall have received the Annual Investment and
Operating Plan, satisfactory to the Bank, for calendar year 1992;
      (c)   the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01
of this Agreement shall have been executed;
      (d)   the Environmental Assessment Agreement and the IMTA
Instruction Letter have been executed; and
      (e)   the Bank has received the final and official budget
proposal presented by CNA to SPP, covering the operation and
maintenance costs of the Guarantor's hydraulic infrastructure.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   the Contractual Arrangements and the Environmental
Assessment Agreement have been executed and delivered on behalf of
the parties thereto and are legally binding upon them in accordance
with their terms;
      (b)   the IMTA Instruction Letter has been validly issued by
CNA and is legally binding upon CNA and IMTA in accordance with its
terms; and
      (c)   the Reglamento Operativo has been validly approved by
CNA.
      Section 6.03. The date March 5, 1992 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Director Internacional of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  8
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD               248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                          197688 (TRT)
      For the Borrower:
            Direccion Internacional
            Nacional Financiera, S.N.C.
            Plaza NAFINSA, Insurgentes Sur 1971
            Torre Cuatro, piso 8
            01020 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  NAFIN                     NAFIME 383-1775765
                  Mexico City               Mexico City
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                        NACIONAL FINANCIERA, S.N.C.
                        By /s/ Oscar Espinoza Villarreal
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of expendi-
tures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Civil Works
    (a)  procured under        235,000,000      80%
Page  9
         the procedures
         referred to in
         Part A of Sched-
         ule 4 to this
         Agreement
    (b)  procured under         70,000,000      40%
         the procedures
         referred to in
         Part C.1 of Sched-
         ule 4 to this
         Agreement
(2) Goods                      36,000,000       100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                55% of local
                                                expenditures
(3) Consultant's                6,000,000       100%
    services
(4) Unallocated                 53,000,000
                               ___________
         TOTAL                 400,000,000
                               ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Guarantor for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Guarantor; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Guarantor or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Guarantor.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $40,000,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after January 1, 1991;
      (b)   payments made for expenditures in respect of civil works
procured under contracts costing less than $2,000,000 equivalent
excluding those expenditures covered under paragraph 3 (a) above.
For these last expenditures no withdrawals shall be made in respect
of civil works procured under contracts costing less than $500,000
equivalent;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures in respect of goods
procured under contracts costing less than $100,000 equivalent;
      (d)   payments made for expenditures in respect of a Sub-
project or activity under Part B of the Project unless the respec-
tive Subproject or activity is included in an Annual Investment and
Operating Plan approved by the Bank; and
      (e)   payments made for expenditures in respect of a New
Subproject unless the Bank has received evidence, satisfactory to
the Bank, that the respective beneficiaries have assumed, by
contract with CNA or any other adequate and valid legal means, the
responsibility for, at least, their respective minimum share of the
capital costs (20% or 30% or 40%) related to the New Subproject in
question, all in accordance with the specifications in the Cost
Recovery Targets Plan.
                            SCHEDULE 2
Page  10
                    Description of the Project
      The Project consists of the Program and its main objectives
are to assist the Guarantor in: (a) sustaining its irrigation and
drainage sector; (b) decentralizing irrigation funding and manage-
ment; (c) acquiring full utilization of its existing irrigation
schemes; (d) improving water use efficiency; (e) optimizing the use
of land and water resources in the Guarantor's Irrigation Districts
and Irrigation Units; (f) strengthening the institutional capacity
of the Guarantor and User's Associations to implement policy
programs, investments and maintenance; and (g) monitoring and
preventing environmental and natural resource degradation.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
      Carrying out of Subprojects.
Part B:
      A technical assistance program to strengthen the institutional
capacity of CNA and User's Associations to adequately develop and
manage irrigation activities including:
      (a)   strengthening of the organizational processes including
planning, programming, budgeting, implementation, monitoring and
evaluation;
      (b)   assistance to CNA personnel to strengthen: (1) its
technical capabilities in areas such as project evaluation, studies
and designs, modernization, rehabilitation, operation and main-
tenance and transfer of Irrigation Units and Irrigation Districts;
and (2) its research efforts to adapt and apply new technology in
areas such as modernization, operation and maintenance, and drainage
and salinity control;
      (c)   training of User's Associations in management, operation
and maintenance of irrigation systems;
      (d)   assistance to CNA personnel to evaluate, monitor and
mitigate adverse environmental impacts including: (1) the upgrading
of CNA's environmental unit; and (2) the establishment of new
operational procedures to integrate the output of CNA's environ-
mental unit in CNA's project preparation cycle;
      (e)   assistance to improve the internal management function
of CNA to increase the efficiency of its administrative procedures
and its planning, budgeting, accounting, monitoring and evaluation
systems; and
      (f)   a study on the feasibility of User's Associations
raising resources through public borrowing.
                           *     *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1994.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                     Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due               (expressed in dollars)*
On each June 1 and December 1
      beginning June 1, 1997
      through June 1, 2008                 16,665,000
Page  11
And on December 1, 2008                    16,705,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                               The interest rate (expressed as a
                               percentage per annum) applicable to
                               the Loan on the day of prepayment
                               multiplied by:
Not more than three years                  0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.88
      more than 15 years
      before maturity
More than 15 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$5,000,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $200,000,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
Page  12
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $250,000
per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $15,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:
      All procurement of goods and works, whether or not interna-
tional competitive bidding applies, shall take place using standard
bidding documents which are satisfactory to the Bank.
Part E:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract procured under the
procedures referred to in Part A.1 above; (ii) the first three (3)
contracts for civil works procured under the procedures referred to
in Part C.1 above; and (iii) the first three (3) contracts for goods
procured under the procedures referred to in Part C.2 above, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower or the Guarantor in carrying
out the Project, the Borrower or the Guarantor shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms and condi-
tions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1), (2)
and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
Page  13
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $40,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   for withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested; and
      (b)   (i)    for replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such inter-
                   vals as the Bank shall specify.
            (ii)   prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Page  14
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be;
      (b)   if the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount;
      (c)   the Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account; and
      (d)   refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
