Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3419 ME
             (Irrigation and Drainage Sector Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated December 6, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3419 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 6, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to four hundred million
dollars ($400,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement,
shall: (a) carry out the Project, through CNA, with the participa-
tion of IMTA in respect of Part B of the Project, with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with the Reglamento Operativo, each
Annual Investment and Operating Plan approved by the Bank, and
appropriate financial, technical, engineering, public utility,
administrative and environmental standards and practices; and
(b) shall provide, or cause to be provided, in a timely manner, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation upon the obligations under
Sections 9.06 and 9.07 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor,
through CNA, shall: (a) not later than September 15 in each year
during the execution of the Project furnish to the Bank for its
review and approval: (i) the proposed Annual Investment and
Operating Plan; and (ii) a progress report on the Project of such
scope and detail as the Bank may reasonably request; (b) exchange
views with the Borrower and the Bank, in each month of October
during the execution of the Project, on the progress of the Project,
the Action Plans (including the employment reduction and hiring
actions set forth in the Institutional Development Action Plan), the
Page  3
Annual Investment and Operating Plan carried out during the previous
year, and the proposed Annual Investment and Operating Plan for the
following year; and (c) not later than March 15 in each year during
the execution of the Project, furnish to the Bank for its review and
comment an annual report, in such detail and of such scope as the
Bank may reasonably request, on the execution of the Project.
      Section 3.04. The Bank shall, during the exchange of views
referred to in Section 3.03 (b) of this Agreement, assess the
progress made in the implementation of the Action Plans and the
Annual Investment and Operating Plan in the previous year. If such
progress is not satisfactory to the Bank, the Guarantor shall
promptly implement the remedial actions and introduce the adjust-
ments which the Bank may recommend. In assessing progress made in
the implementation of the respective Annual Investment and Operating
Plans, the Bank shall utilize, among other factors, the Monitoring
Indicators.
      Section 3.05. (a) Without limitation or restriction to any of
its other obligations under this Agreement, the Guarantor shall
implement the Project in accordance with each of the provisions  set
forth in the Reglamento Operativo, including the eligibility
criteria and methodology provided therein.
      (b)   As part of, and without limitation to the above, the
Guarantor shall not finance under the Project any Subproject or
other activity unless the respective Subproject or activity meets
the eligibility criteria set forth in the Reglamento Operativo.
Subject to the Bank's agreement and based on social factors,
Subprojects or other activities not meeting the economic efficiency
criteria set forth in Reglamento Operativo may be financed under the
Project provided, however, that the aggregate cost of all such
Subprojects and other activities shall: (1) not exceed, at any time,
three (3%) percent of the total cost of the Project, as calculated
in accordance with a methodology satisfactory to the Bank; and (2)
not result in a decrease exceeding fifteen (15%) percent of the
total present value of net economic benefit of the Project as
measured in accordance with the definitions, specifications and
methodology set forth in the Reglamento Operativo.
      (c)   Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank and the Guarantor,
the Guarantor shall not amend, abrogate, waive or fail to enforce
the Reglamento Operativo or any part thereof.
      (d)   In the event of discrepancy, the terms and conditions of
the Loan and Guarantee Agreements shall prevail over the Reglamento
Operativo.
      Section 3.06. The Guarantor shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) with regard to the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Guarantor shall, or shall cause CNA to,
maintain: (a) an organizational structure and functions; and (b) an
adequate staff, all satisfactory to the Bank, for the implementation
and supervision of the Project and the Action Plans.
      Section 3.08. The Guarantor shall, or shall cause CNA to: (a)
adequately supervise and monitor the performance of each User's
Association; (b) exercise its rights under each Concesion in such a
manner as to adequately protect the interests of the Guarantor and
the Borrower; and (c) without limitation or restriction to (b)
above, promptly take all adequate and necessary remedial action in
case of noncompliance by a User's Association of its respective
duties and obligations including those related to the recovery of
operation and maintenance costs.
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor shall, or shall cause CNA to,
complete all Subprojects financed under the Project.
Page  4
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor shall: (a) not finance under the
Project any New Subproject unless the respective beneficiaries have
assumed, by adequate legal means, the responsibility to contribute,
at least, their minimum respective share of total capital costs (20%
or 30% or 40%) of the respective New Subproject, all in accordance
with the specifications set forth in the Cost Recovery Targets Plan;
      (b)   not transfer an Irrigation Module or an Irrigation
District to a User's Association unless the respective User's
Association assumes, by adequate legal means, the responsibility to
fully recover from the users within the respective Irrigation Module
or Irrigation District all the respective operation and maintenance
costs; and
      (c)   ensure that, in respect of all the Irrigation Districts
and Irrigation Modules not to be transferred to the users, all
operation and maintenance costs are fully recovered from the
respective beneficiaries in accordance with the specifications and
timetable set forth in the Cover Recovery Targets Plan.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor shall cause CNA, SEDUE and IMTA to
exercise their respective rights under the Environmental Assessment
Agreement and IMTA Instruction Letter in such a manner as to protect
the interests of the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Bank, and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan and, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall cause CNA, SEDUE and IMTA not
to assign, amend, abrogate or waive said agreement or IMTA Instruc-
tion Letter or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.12. The Guarantor shall: (a) carry out and furnish
to the Bank the study referred to in Part B (f) of the Project by
not later than December 31, 1993; (b) carry out and furnish to the
Bank, through CNA and the Secretaria de Agricultura y Recursos
Hidraulicos, a study, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, on the feasibility for market transfer of water, including
economic and regulatory analysis, by not later than September 15,
1992.
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, the Institutional Development Action Plan.
      Section 3.14. The Guarantor shall: (a) submit to its Congress
proposed annual fiscal budgets for fiscal year 1992 and thereafter,
each of such budgets to be consistent, in the opinion of the
Guarantor and the Bank, with the Guarantor's macroeconomic policy
framework and with an adequate allocation of resources to cover the
operation and maintenance costs of the Guarantor's hydraulic
infrastructure.
      (b)   By not later than March 15 in each year, furnish
evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, of: (1) the approved budgetary
allocations for operation and maintenance of its hydraulic
infrastructure for such year; and (2) the expenditures made by CNA
in the previous year in respect of the operation and maintenance of
the hydraulic infrastructure.
      Section 3.15. (a) The Guarantor shall, through CNA, until
completion of the Project, maintain in CNA a qualified and
experienced board of experts responsible for verifying, through
periodic visits to the project sites, the appropriateness of the
detailed design and construction methods of dams and related
infrastructure works to be carried out under the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation to or restrictions upon any provision
of this Agreement, the Guarantor, through CNA, shall, under
arrangements satisfactory to the Bank, cause the dams and related
infrastructure works constructed under the Project to be
periodically inspected in accordance with sound engineering
practices in order to determine whether there are any deficiencies
in infrastructure works or in the quality and adequacy of main-
tenance or methods of operations of the same, which may endanger
their safety. To this end the Guarantor, through CNA, shall propose
Page  5
to the Bank appropriate arrangements for the Bank's review not later
than one year before the expected completion of each such dam and
related infrastructure works, with respect to post-construction
inspection and operation.
      Section 3.16. Without limitation or restriction to any of its
obligations under this Agreement, should implementation of the
Project require displacement or resettlement of population, the
Guarantor shall, through CNA, notify the Bank thereof, and upon the
Bank's request shall present a resettlement plan, satisfactory to
the Bank, prior to any such displacement or resettlement and shall
thereafter, implement such plan in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, separate records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each Fiscal
                   Year audited, in accordance with generally
                   accepted auditing standards and procedures
                   consistently applied, by independent and quali-
                   fied auditors;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and separate accounts
                  reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan Ac-
                  count or payment out of the Special Account was
                  made, all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
                  bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing
                  such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts
                  are included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
Page  6
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to
the Borrower any information that may be required by the Borrower to
comply with the Borrower's obligations under Section 4.01 (b) of the
Loan Agreement.
                           ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Primer Patio Mariano, piso 4
            Despacho 4037
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                           Telex:
                                             1777313 SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                         By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Page  7
