Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2895 SL
                       SLRA PROJECT AGREEMENT
                     (Transport Sector Project)
                               between
                INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                 and
                    SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
                         Dated July 22, 1996
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2895 SL
                       SLRA PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 22, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association) and SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY (SLRA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Republic of Sierra Leone (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to twenty four
million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 24,300,000),
on the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that SLRA agrees to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary financing agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and SLRA, a part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made
available to SLRA on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Subsidiary Financing Agreement; and
      WHEREAS SLRA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                              ARTICLE I
                             Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several
Page  2
terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                             ARTICLE II
                      Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) SLRA declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A (2) (b), A (3), B
(1), C (1) and  C (2) of the Project on behalf of itself and Parts A (2)
(b) and C (5) on behalf of the Borrower with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, transport
sector and environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the said Parts of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section and except as the Association and SLRA shall otherwise
agree, SLRA shall carry out Parts A (2) (b) A (3), B (1), C (1), C (2)
and C (5) of the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required for
Parts A (2) (b), A (3), B (1), C (1), C (2) and C (5) of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 5 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. SLRA shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Condi-
tions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the SLRA Project Agreement and Parts A (2)
(b), A (3), B (1), C (1), C (2) and (C) (5) of the Project.
      Section 2.04. SLRA shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Financing Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, SLRA shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Financing Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) SLRA shall, at the request of the Association,
exchange views with the Association with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Financing Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   SLRA shall promptly inform the Association of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the per-
formance by SLRA of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Financing Agreement.
                             ARTICLE III
                  Management and Operations of SLRA
      Section 3.01. SLRA shall carry on its operations and conduct its
affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, transport
sector and environmental practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. SLRA shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof,
all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and public utility
practices.
      Section 3.03. SLRA shall take out and maintain with responsible
Page  3
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation upon the provisions of Article IX
of the General Conditions, SLRA shall: (a) prepare and furnish to the
Association no later than six months after the Closing Date or such later
date as may be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the Association
shall reasonably request, for the future operation of Parts (A) (2) (b),
(A) (3), B (1), C (1), C (2) and C (5) of the Project; and (b) afford
the Association a reasonable opportunity to exchange views with SLRA on
said plan.
                             ARTICLE IV
                         Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) SLRA shall maintain records and accounts adequate
to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its operations
and financial condition.
      (b)   SLRA shall:
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in paragraph
                  (a) of this Section for each fiscal year audited
                  including those for the SLRA Special Account and the
                  SLRA Project Account, audited in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently applied,
                  by independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited; and
                  (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  (including the auditors' management letter), of such
                  scope and in such detail as the Association shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                              ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination;
                     Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect on
the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02 (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of SLRA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agreement
                  shall terminate in accordance with its terms; or
            (ii)  the date 20 years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in accordance
with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this
Section, the Association shall promptly notify SLRA of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation or suspension
under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE VI
Page  4
                      Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to be
given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or
request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall
be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to
the party to which it is required or permitted to be given or made at
such party's address hereinafter specified or at such other address as
such party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, NW
            Washington, DC 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                   Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, DC             248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For SLRA:
            Sierra Leone Roads Authority
            P.M.B. 1324
            Black Hall Road
            Freetown, Sierra Leone
                                             Telex:
                                             3210 Booth SL
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any
document required or permitted to be executed, under this Agreement on
behalf of SLRA or by SLRA on behalf of the Borrower under the Development
Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by the Director General or
such other person or persons as SLRA shall designate in writing, and
SLRA shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several counter-
parts, each of which shall be an original, and all collectively but one
instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in
their respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                                            Regional Vice President
                                                             Africa
                  SIERRA LEONE ROADS AUTHORITY
Page  5
                  By /s/ Thomas K. Kargbo
                                          Authorized Representative
                              SCHEDULE
                       Implementation Program
1.    (a)   SLRA shall carry out Parts A (2) (b), A (3), B (1), C (1), C
(2) and C (5) of the Project in accordance with the procedures set out
in the Project Implementation Manual.
      (b)   SLRA shall not amend, abrogate or waive any provision of the
Project Implementation Manual if such amendment, abrogation or waiver
may materially and adversely affect the carrying out of the Project; and
SLRA shall afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to comment on
a proposed amendment, abrogation or waiver to the Project Implementation
Manual before it is made.
      (c)   SLRA shall take all action necessary to put into effect and
carry out, to the satisfaction of the Association, the recommendations
and provisions of the plan of action for strengthening and improving
SLRA's management, operations and organizational structures, which SLRA
has prepared and furnished to the Association in April 1996.
      (d)   SLRA shall hire or lease equipment in the Plant Pool in
accordance with sound commercial practices and on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association.
      (e)    SLRA shall: (i) no later than August 1, 1997 carry out and
complete a study of the second phase of the restructuring of SLRA's
Equipment Department; (ii) furnish to the Association for its review
and comments the results and recommendations of the said study; and
(iii) put into effect no later than July 1, 1998 such of the results and
recommendations of the study as SLRA and the Association shall determine.
2.    SLRA shall participate and join with the Borrower, SLPA and SLAA
in the carrying out of the annual meetings, and the holding of the mid-
term review, specified in paragraph 6 of Schedule 4 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
