Page  1
                                                               CONFORMED
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3872 RU
                             Project Agreement
           (Emergency Oil Spill Recovery and Mitigation Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                              OTJSC KOMINEFT
                           Dated April 25, 1995
                                             LOAN NUMBER 3872 RU
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 25, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and OTJSC
KOMINEFT (Komineft).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Russian Federation (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to ninety nine million dollars
($99,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Komineft agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and Komineft the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to
Komineft on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS Komineft, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Page  2
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Komineft declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering,
environmental and oil industry practices, and shall provide, or
cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b) Komineft shall maintain the unit set up for the
purpose of execution of the Project under the leadership of a
suitably qualified manager supported by qualified staff in
sufficient numbers.
      Section 2.02. Komineft shall take all necessary measures
to effectively assist communities impacted by the oil spill in
a timely manner in carrying out: (a) Social Assistance Sub-
projects under Part A.1 of the Project; and (b) other
appropriate interventions not included in the Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) Komineft shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of
the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      (b) Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, Komineft shall:
              (i)       prepare, on the basis of guidelines
                        acceptable to the Bank, and furnish to the
                        Bank not later than six (6) months after
                        the Closing Date or such later date as may
                        be agreed for this purpose between the
                        Bank and Komineft, a plan for the future
                        operation of the Project;
             (ii)       afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity
                        to exchange views with Komineft on said
                        plan; and
            (iii)       thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                        diligence and efficiency and in accordance
                        with appropriate practices, taking into
                        account the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 2.05. Komineft shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, Komineft shall not take or concur
in any action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement
or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) Komineft shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of
Page  3
the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   Komineft shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Loan, or the performance by Komineft of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                   Management and Operations of Komineft
      Section 3.01. Komineft shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and oil industry practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. Komineft shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property,
and from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial and oil industry practices.
      Section 3.03. Komineft shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) Komineft shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   Komineft shall:
              (i)       have its records, accounts and financial
                        statements (balance sheets, statements of
                        income and expenses and related
                        statements) for each fiscal year audited,
                        in accordance with appropriate auditing
                        principles consistently applied, by
                        independent auditors acceptable to the
                        Bank;
             (ii)       furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
                        but in any case not later than six months
                        after the end of each such year, (A)
                        certified copies of its financial
                        statements for such year as so audited and
                        (B) the report of such audit by said
                        auditors of such scope and in such detail
                        as the Bank shall have reasonably
                        requested; and
            (iii)       furnish to the Bank such other information
                        concerning said records, accounts and
                        financial statements as well as the audit
                        thereof, as the Bank shall from time to
                        time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, Komineft shall not incur any debt, unless the net
revenues of Komineft for the fiscal year immediately preceding
the date of such incurrence or for a later twelve-month period
ended prior to the date of such incurrence , whichever is the
greater, shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated maximum debt
Page  4
service requirement of Komineft for  any succeeding fiscal year
on all debt of Komineft, including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
                  Komineft.
            (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under
                  a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the
                  date of such contract, agreement or instrument;
                  and (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the
                  date the agreement providing for such guarantee
                  has been entered into.
           (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the
                  difference between:  (A) the sum of
                  revenues from all sources related to
                  operations adjusted to take account of the
                  Borrower's prices in effect at the time of
                  the incurrence of debt even though they
                  were not in effect during the twelve-month
                  period to which such revenues relate and
                  net non-operating income; and (B) the sum
                  of all expenses related to operations,
                  including administration, adequate
                  maintenance, social payments paid from
                  profits, taxes and payments in lieu of
                  taxes, but excluding provision for
                  depreciation, other non-cash operating
                  charges and interest and other charges on
                  debt.
            (iv)  The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:  (A) revenues from all
                  sources other than those related to operations;
                  and (B) expenses, including taxes and payments
                  in lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation of
                  revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including
                  sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                  and other charges on, debt.
            (vi)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section, it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, Komineft shall maintain: (i) a ratio of current assets
to current liabilities of not less than 1.25 commencing with
the fiscal year ending December 31, 1996; (ii) accounts
receivable at a level not greater than 60 days of sales
revenues equivalent to the preceding 60 days; and (iii)
accounts payable including taxes and payments in lieu of taxes
at a level not greater than 75 days of cash expenses equivalent
to the preceding 75 days.
      (b)   Before September 30 in each of its fiscal years,
Komineft shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by Komineft
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such
Page  5
fiscal year and the following fiscal year and shall furnish to
the bank the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that Komineft would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for
Komineft's fiscal years covered by such review, Komineft shall
promptly take all necessary measures (including limiting
payments of dividends or other payments from profits) in order
to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purpose of this Section:
            (i)   The term "current assets" means cash, all
                  assets which could in the ordinary course of
                  business be converted into cash within twelve
                  months, including accounts receivable,
                  marketable securities, inventories and pre-paid
                  expenses properly chargeable to operating
                  expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (ii)  The term "current liabilities" means all the
                  liabilities which will become due and payable
                  or could under circumstances then existing be
                  called for payment within twelve months,
                  including accounts payable, customer advances,
                  debt service requirements, taxes and payments
                  in lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (iii)  The term "debt service requirements" means
                  the aggregate amount of repayments
                  (including sinking fund payments, if any)
                  of, and interest and other charges on,
                  debt.
            (iv)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section, it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payment in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made
                  on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at
                  the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of Komineft thereunder shall terminate on the date on
which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify Komineft thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
Page  6
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                      Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For Komineft:
            OTJSC Komineft
            13 Oktyabr'skaya St.
            169400 Ukhta
            Komi Republic
            Russian Federation
                                                Telex:
                                             181413 PARMA
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of Komineft or by Komineft on
behalf of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement may be taken or
executed by the Director General or such other person or
persons as the Director General shall designate in writing, and
Komineft shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                  RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Wilfried Thalwitz
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                                  Europe and Central Asia
                  OTJSC KOMINEFT
Page  7
                  By /s/ Andrei Yakimov
                                                Authorized Representative
                                 SCHEDULE
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A: General
      Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines
and paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.    The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B:
      (a) Grouping of contracts
      To the extent practicable, contracts for equipment and
materials shall be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost
$200,000 equivalent or more each.
      (b) Preference for domestically manufactured goods
      The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.
      (c) Prequalification
      Bidders for contracts in respect of works for pipeline
remediation under Parts B.2 and B.3 of the Project shall be
prequalified in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs
2.9 and 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1. Limited International Bidding
      Goods and works, which the Bank agrees can only be
purchased from a limited number of suppliers or contracted only
from specialized contractors, regardless of the cost thereof,
may be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 3.2 of the Guidelines.
2. International Shopping
      Goods estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent or less per
contract may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of international shopping procedures in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
3. National Shopping
      (a) Goods for emergency response and pipeline maintenance
Page  8
under Part B.4 of the Project and goods in respect of Social
Assistance Sub-projects under Part A.1 of the Project estimated
to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per contract, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of national
shopping procedures in accordance with paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6
of the Guidelines.
      (b) Works in respect of Social Assistance Sub-projects
under Part A.1 of the Project estimated to cost $200,000
equivalent or less per contract may be procured on the basis of
comparison and evaluation of at least three bids from qualified
contractors, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Bank.
4. Direct contracting
      The management contract for the oil spill containment and
clean-up in respect of the activities under Parts A.1, A.2 and
A.3 of the Project, the contract in respect of completion of
pipeline replacement under Part B.1 of the Project, both due to
the emergency nature of such interventions, and contracts for
goods and works in respect of Social Assistance Sub-projects
under Part A.1 of the Project that can be carried out only by
one supplier or contractor in response to the oil spill may,
with the Bank's prior agreement, be procured in accordance with
the provisions of paragraph 3.7 of the Guidelines.
Part D: Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1. Procurement Planning
      Prior to the issuance of any invitation to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Bank for its review
and approval, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines. Procurement of all goods and
works shall be undertaken in accordance with such procurement
plan as shall have been approved by the Bank, and with the
provisions of said paragraph 1.
2. Prior Review
      With respect to all contracts procured in accordance with
Parts C.1 and C.4 of this Schedule and with respect to all
other contracts estimated to cost $200,000 equivalent or more,
the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to
the Guidelines shall apply.
3. Post Review
      With respect to all other contracts, the procedures set
forth in paragraph 4 of Annex 1 of the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist in the carrying out of the Project,
consultants shall be employed whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultants' Guidelines). For
complex, time-based assignments, such consultants shall be
employed under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank. Where no relevant
standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank, the
Borrower shall cause other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultants' Guidelines
requiring prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short
Page  9
lists, selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to contracts
with consulting firms estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review
shall not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts,
to single source contracts, to assignments of a critical
nature, as reasonably determined by the Bank, or amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
more.  The above also applies for the employment of individuals
under contracts of less than $50,000.
