Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2836 UR
                    Loan Agreement
             (Structural Adjustment Loan)
                        between
            REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated September 2, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2836 UR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
Page  2
     AGREEMENT, dated  September 2, 1987,  between
REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY (the Borrower) and
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
    WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received a letter dated May
28, 1987 from the Borrower attaching thereto a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve
structural adjustment of  the  Borrower's  economy
(hereinafter  called  the  Program), declaring  the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting assistance from the Bank in the financing
of urgently needed imports required during such
execution; and
     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Bank has decided in support of the Program to provide
such assistance to the Borrower by making the Loan in two
tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1,  1985, with the  modifications thereof set forth below
(the  General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 11, shall be modified
to read:
          "'Project' means the imports and other
activities that may be financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Loan Agreement.";
     (b)  Section 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
     (c)  Not later than six months after the Closing
Date or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose
between the Borrower and the Bank, the Borrower shall
prepare and furnish to the Bank a report, of such scope
and in such detail as the Bank Shall reasonably request,
on the execution of the program referred to in the
Preamble to the Loan Agreement, the performance by the
Borrower and the Bank of their respective obligations
under the Loan Agreement and the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan."; and
     (c)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section  1.02.  Unless the context  otherwise
requires,  the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein and the following additional
terms have the following
     (a)  "SITC" means the United Nations Standard
International Trade Classification, 1974 Revision (SITC,
Rev. 2), published in Commodity Indexes for the Standard
International Trade Classification,  Revised,
Statistical  Papers,  Series  M,  No.  38/Rev.2 (1981);
Page  3
     (b)  "Technical Assistance Project" means the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement
between  the Borrower and the Bank, dated  September  2,
1987,  (Technical Assistance Project), as such Schedule
may be amended from time to time; and
     (c)  "Bill" means a draft law proposal, satisfactory
to the Bank, prepared by the Borrower's Executive Branch
to revise the Borrower's existing legislation in the
field in question.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eighty million dollars
($80,000,000).
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1988 or such later date as  the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05 (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one per cent
per annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the
last Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)    "Interest Period" means the six-month
                 period commencing on each date
                 specified in Section 2.06 of this
                 Agreement, including the Interest
                 Period in which this Agreement is
                 signed.
         (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means
                 the cost of the outstanding borrowings
                 of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                 1982, expressed as a percentage per
                 annum, as reasonably determined by the
                 Bank.
        (iii)    "Semester means the first six months or
                 the second six months of a calendar
                 year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each
Page  4
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.08. (a) The Borrower's Central Bank is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be
taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
     (b)  Without limitation or restriction  to  the
foregoing, the Borrower hereby entrusts its Central Bank
with responsibility for the preparation of withdrawal
applications under the Loan and for the collection of
the documents and other evidence to be furnished to the
Bank in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be
consolidated so as to apply for withdrawal of aggregate
amounts of not less than $100,000 equivalent.
                      ARTICLE III
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall
from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the actions specified in Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank for its review and
comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program, in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably
request.
     Section 3.02.  Except  as  the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03.  (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in  accordance  with  consistently
maintained  sound  accounting practices the expenditures
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
    (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)    have  the  records  and  accounts
                 referred  to  in paragraph (a) of this
                 Section for each fiscal year audited,
                 in accordance with appropriate auditing
                 principles  consistently  applied,  by
                 independent auditors acceptable to the
                 Bank;
         (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as
                 available, but in any case not later
                 than four months after the end of each
                 such year, a certified copy of the
                 report of such by said auditors, of
                 such scope and in detail as the Bank
                 shall have reasonably requested; and
        (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other
                 information concerning said records and
                 accounts and the audit thereof as the
Page  5
                 Bank  shall  from  time  to  time
                 reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                 accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                 Section, records and accounts
                 reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii)   retain, until at least one year after
                 the Bank has received the audit report
                 for the fiscal year in which the last
                 withdrawal from the Loan Account was
                 made, all records (contracts,   orders,
                 invoices,  bills, receipts and other
                 documents) evidencing such
                 expenditures;
          (iii)  enable the Rank's representatives to
                 examine such records; and
          (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts
                 are included in the annual audits
                 referred to in paragraph (b) of this
                 Section and that the report of such
                 audit contains a separate opinion by
                 said auditors as to whether  the
                 statements  of  expenditure submitted
                 during such fiscal year, together with
                 the procedures  and  internal  controls
                 involved  in  their preparation,  can
                 be relied upon to support the related
                 withdrawals.
                      ARTICLE IV
            Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
Genera
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that an event has occurred which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01.  The following events are specified as
additional conditions  to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions, namely, that Bills have been
submitted to the Borrower's Congress in the fields of
investment banking and leasing.
     Section 5.02 The date December 2, 1987 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 (a)
Page  6
of this Agreement, the Minister of Economy and Finance of
the Borrowers designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
     Ministerio de Economia y
          Finanzas
     Colonia 1089
     Montevideo, Uruguay
     Cable address:                     Telex:
          MINECON                       6269 MINECON UY
          Montevideo, Uruguay
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
                 Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                            64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
            REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
               By /s/ Ricardo Zerbino
                                   Authorized
Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                   Regional Vice
President
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
Page  7
1.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods required during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of such
proceeds.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112            -              Alcoholic beverages
     121            -              Tobacco,
unmanufactured
                                   tobacco refuse
     122            -              Tobacco, manufactured
     667            -              Pearls, precious
and                 semi                  precious
stones, unworked                          or worked
     688            -              Uranium depleted in
U235                                    and thorium, and
their                                   alloys, unwrought
or                                 wrought, and articles
                                   there for, n.e.s.;
waste                                   and scrap of
uranium                                 depleted in U235
and of                                  thorium
     718            718.7          Nuclear reactors, and
                                   parts thereof, n.e.s.
     897            897.3          Jewelry of gold,
silver                                  or platinum group
metals                                  (except watches
and watch                                 cases) and
goldsmiths'                               or
silversmiths' wares                       (including set
gems)
     -              971.0          Gold,  non-monetary
                                   (excluding gold ores
and                                concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures  in the currency of the Borrower
or for goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
     (c)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;
     (d)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $5,000 equivalent;
     (e)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Bank shall have
financed or agreed to finance; and
     (f)  expenditures  for  goods  intended  for  a
military  or para-military purpose or for luxury
consumption.
Page  8
3.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to the Borrower or others
in respect of expenditures to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan after the aggregate of the proceeds
of the Loan withdrawn from the Loan Account and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the
equivalent of $40,000,000, unless the Bank shall be
satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement:
     (a)  with  the  progress  achieved  by  the
Borrower  in  the carrying out of the Program, including
maintaining and deepening the results of actions already
taken and described in paragraphs 2 and 7 of the Program
as well as taking new actions other than those referred
to in (b) below; and
     (b)  that the actions proposed by the Borrower as
part of the Program and described in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement have been taken.
4.   If the exchange of views referred to in paragraph 3
of this Schedule has taken place after a date nine months
after the Effective Date and, after such exchange of
views, the Bank is not so satisfied and this situation
shall not be rectified by the Borrower within 90 days
after notice thereof by the Bank, then the Bank may, by
notice to the Borrower, cancel the amount of the Loan
unwithdrawn from the Loan Account or any part thereof.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                 Amortization Schedule
     Date Payment Due                   Payment of
Principal
                                   (expressed in
dollars)*
     On each May 15 and November 15
          beginning November 15, 1990
          through November 15, 2001       3,295,000
     On May 15, 2002                  3,295,000
     *    The  figures  in  this  column represent
          dollar  equivalents determined as of the
          respective dates of withdrawal.  See General
          Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
                   Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3,04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                Premium
Page  9
                                   The interest rate
                                   (expressed as a
                                   percentage per
                                   annum) applicable to
                                   the balance
                                   outstanding on the
                                   Loan on the day of
                                   prepayment
                                   multiplied by:
Not more than three years               0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but               0.40
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                 0.73
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not          0.87
     more than thirteen years
     before maturity
More than thirteen years                1.00
     before maturity
                      SCHEDULE 3
                      Procurement
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods, except
petroleum imports, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$5,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines), subject to the following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph  2.8  of  the Guidelines  is  deleted
and  the following is substituted there for:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
     The international community should be notified  in
a timely manner of the opportunity to bid.  This will be
done by  advertising  invitations to apply for inclusion
in  a bidder's  invitation list, to apply for
prequalification, or to bid; such advertisements should
be placed in at least one newspaper of general
circulation in the Borrower's country and, in addition,
in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)  a notice in the United Nations
                 publication, Development Forum,
                 Business Edition; or
           (ii)  an advertisement in a newspaper,
                 periodical or technical journal of wide
                 international circulation; or
          (iii)  a notice to local representatives of
                 countries and territories referred to
                 in the Guidelines,  that are potential
                 suppliers of the goods required."
Page  10
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
may require the bidder to state the bid price in a single
currency widely used in international trade and specified
in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $5,000,000 each shall be awarded on the
basis of the normal procurement procedures of the
purchaser of such goods.
3.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect of such contract, two conformed copies
of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures
followed and such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect thereof, such documentation and
information as the Bank may reasonably request to support
withdrawal applications in respect of such contract.
                      SCHEDULE 4
        Actions Referred to in Paragraph 3 (b)
            of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
     (a)  That the Borrower has updated  the Borrower's
public investment program for years 1988 and 1989 without
substantially departing from the current public
investment program for such years as shown in Section II
(A) of the Program;
     (b)  that a Bill has been submitted to the
Borrower's Congress in each of the fields of corporate,
securities and bankruptcy law;
     (c)  that the maximum rate level in the Borrower's
import tariff (net of consular fees and port charges) has
been reduced to 40% of the CIF price, coupled with a
parallel reduction of identifiable protectionist elements
in the corresponding reference prices,
     (d)  that the Borrower's retirement and pension
system has been modified in a manner that will ensure
that by the end of the year 2000 such system, as
modified, will be self-sufficient from a financial
viewpoint. This will be determined in accordance with a
methodology satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank;
and
     (e)  that reasonable progress has been achieved in
reducing the deficit of the Borrower's  retirement  and
pension  system towards a deficit target of 2% of the
gross domestic product to be reached by December 31,
1990.
Page  11
