Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3404 TH
              (Distribution System Upgrading Project)
                              between
                        KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 27, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3404 TH
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 27, 1991, between KINGDOM OF
THAILAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Provincial Electricity Authority
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to forty million dollars
($40,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Guarantor shall carry out a periodic review and take all such
measures (including, without limitation, adjustment of the structure
or levels of electricity tariffs of the utilities in the Guarantor's
power sector) as shall be required to produce for the Borrower for
each fiscal year funds from internal sources equivalent to not less
than 25% of the annual average of the Borrower's capital
expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that fiscal
year, the previous fiscal year, and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   The sum of net operating income; net non-
                         operating income, all depreciation and
                         other non-cash operating charges; and any
                         reduction in working capital other than
                         cash; and
                   (B)   The sum of debt service requirements;
                         dividends and all remittances to the
                         Government excluding those taxes or
                         payments in lieu of taxes which are
Page  3
                         deducted from net operating income; other
                         cash distributions of surplus; increase in
                         working capital other than cash and other
                         cash outflows other than capital
                         expenditures; and major repairs
                         expenditures, not charged against net
                         operating income.
            (ii)   The term "net operating income" means the
                   difference between (a) operating revenues and
                   (b) operating expenses, including the cost of
                   purchased power, the cost of fuel and oil,
                   operations and maintenance, taxes or any
                   payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                   depreciation. Interest and other charges on debt
                   are not considered to be operating expenses for
                   the purposes of determining net operating
                   income.
            (iii)  The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
            (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable or
                   could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   debt service requirements, taxes and payments in
                   lieu of taxes, and dividends.
            (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
            (vii)  The term "capital expenditures" means all
                   expenditures incurred on account of fixed
                   assets, including interest charged to
                   construction, related to operations.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            Bangkok 10400
            Thailand
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINANCE                   82823 FISPOLO TH
                   Bangkok
Page  4
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                         By /s/ Biraghongse Kasemsri
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
