Report No. PID8646
Project Name             Armenia-Natural Resources Management (@)
and Poverty Reduction Project
Region                   Europe and Central Asia Region
Sector                   Natural Resources Management
Project ID               AMPE57847
Borrower(s)              REPUBLIC OF ARMENIA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF NATURE PROTECTION
Address: 35,Moskovian Str., Yerevan
Contact Person: Mr. Vardan Ayvazyan,
Minister of Nature Protection
Gohar Chazynian, PIU Director, Ministry
of Nature Protection
Tel: 374-1-521099
Fax: 374-1-531861
Email: NRMPRP@netsys.am
Environment Category     B
Date PID Prepared        February 6, 2002
Projected Appraisal
Date                     February 7, 2002
Projected Board Date     June 4, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Rural poverty. Since the dissolution of the former Soviet Union, Armenia
has suffered a number of serious setbacks that have led to the
impoverishment of many rural communities, especially in the remote
mountain and border areas. The withdrawal of Soviet subsidies and markets
has destroyed industries that once provided employment and has led to the
deterioration of rural infrastructure. At present, some 55; of the
Armenian population is classified as poor. Rural poverty is particularly
evident among those living in high altitude mountain areas such as
Tavoush and Gegharkunik. The primary activity of approximately 70 percent
of rural households in the project area is subsistence farming with small
amounts of agricultural surplus bartered in local markets. Remittances,
pensions and day labor provide cash. The rural economy has provided a
"safety net" during the crisis years and absorbed a significant share of
Armenia's excess labor, as rural communities have been able to buffer
themselves somewhat through their access to natural resources. The
majority of farmers are cash constrained and are unable to invest in their
land and pasture, which leads to slow mining of renewable natural
resources. By the same token, rural people have had little choice but to
exploit the natural resource base for survival. For example, timber and
non-timber products in Dilijan State Reserve are illegally harvested, as
are fish of Lake Sevan. Over time, this "mining" of natural resources has
led to severe degradation of forests, fish stocks, pastures and soil, with
consequent loss of habitat and decline in indigenous flora and
fauna.Declining soil fertility and degradation of pastures.     Since the
transition land that is near villages, where cost of access is lower, is



farmed more intensively, while remote land is left idle. More intensive
farming of land near villages has led to reduced application of crop
rotation techniques, leading to declining soil fertility and nutrient
mining, while use of production inputs that could protect the soil from
exhaustion remains sub-optimally low. At the same time, inappropriate
farming techniques, especially on slope lands, have increased soil
erosion.  It has been estimated that more than 60- of Armenia's arable
land now needs improved soil management. Grazing patterns, like crop
production patterns, have undergone a fundamental shift since the economic
transition began. Small average household livestock numbers, collapse of
organized grazing arrangements, high costs of accessing more distant
pastures, and limited availability of labor have led to increased use of
pastures located around villages. These areas have become subject to
heavy pressure from overgrazing, even while carrying capacities have
improved in Armenia's pasturelands as a whole, and while more-remote
summer pastures and Alpine meadows are underutilized. Pressure on village
pastures is further increased by the shortened pen-feeding periods that
are increasingly farmers' practice as winter fodder and farm by-products
become relatively more expensive. In a further turn of the vicious cycle,
declining livestock productivity has pushed households to generate income
through increasing their livestock numbers, which have added further
pressures on pastures. Most community pastures are now overgrazed,
subject to various forms of degradation that range from change in
vegetative cover to generation of erosion centers, leading in turn to
landslides and mudflows.     Degradation of forests.  The rising cost to
Armenians of other fossil fuel sources has increased reliance on wood as a
source of heating and cooking fuel, in both rural and urban areas.     The
demand for wood, including both fuel wood and also the timber illegally
harvested, now seriously exceeds the sustainable cut, resulting in
significant loss of forest cover from year to year. Overgrazing in forest
areas contributes to loss of forest cover. For all these reasons, forest
cover has diminished 10. over the last ten years.   Moreover, as a result
of overlogging, soil erosion has increased in the mountain areas,
contributing to increased siltation of irrigation structures and surface
waters. An inadequate legal and policy framework for forest stewardship
exacerbates these problems, and sustainable management of forests is
limited by the weak capacity of the Forest Administration (Hayantar) to
implement or enforce sustainable forest management practices.Weakness of
protected areas network. Armenia has a network of protected areas.
However, the network is geographically fragmented. In a number of cases,
park boundaries omit areas of high biodiversity value that are just beyond
the boundary, while including large-scale farming areas and high-intensity
tourism sites. In addition, the reserve, recreation and economic zones are
far too broadly defined.     In addition, management effectiveness is very
low. The various environmental and conservation laws, decrees and
regulations developed over the past decade do not provide a clear and
effective enabling environment for protected areas management, and the
protected areas generally operate as "paper parks." Management of natural
resources within both protected areas is largely restricted to minor
enforcement of laws and regulations. Monitoring systems are not well
developed. Communication and transport equipment required for even a
minimal level of management and enforcement is lacking. Infrastructure
development and maintenance is nonexistent due to financial constraints.
Outdated materials and the poor condition of visitors' centers hamper
public awareness and education programs. Scientific studies within
- 2-



protected areas have been very limited in the past decade and are not well
integrated into protected management decisions. Planning for biodiversity
conservation in protected areas is constrained by weak financial, human
and technical capacity, and does not employ participatory management
planning or make a primary goal of maintaining ecological integrity.
Local people are largely unaware of the protected areas system values it
protects, while the resource managers often view communities in the
vicinity as enemies rather than potential partners in biodiversity
conservation.Global importance of Armenia's biodiversity. Besides being
of vital importance to those whose subsistence depends on them, the
habitats and ecosystems under threat have global biodiversity
significance. Armenia is located in the Caucasus Eco-Region, one of the
Global 200 Eco-Regions, at the crossroads of three biogeographic zones,
the European, Central Asian, and Middle Eastern. This eco-region includes
unusually rich flora, fauna and natural landscapes and ecosystems.
Armenian habitats contain nearly every plant community found in the
southern Caucasus and 50t of the region's floral diversity; a great
variety of landscape zoning and climatic conditions in Armenia has
resulted in the generation of plant forms in diversity centers independent
of each other. These species are notable for their productivity and their
resilience to unfavorable conditions, diseases, and pests; they constitute
a significant basis for conservation of agro-biodiversity. However,
biodiversity is threatened by natural resource mining. Increasing
pressures on critical rangelands and forest habitats have reduced to
isolated areas of globally significant biodiversity, making the movement
of wildlife increasingly difficult. Even within protected areas such
Dilijan State Reserve, for example, many demarcated "protected" areas are
becoming small islands rather than part of a larger mosaic of protected
ecosystems inside and outside park boundaries.Under-use of remote cropland
and pasture also threatens agro-biodiversity, which depends on interaction
with agricultural activities such as grazing and mowing. Due to the
difficulty of access to them, many meadows are no longer used and may lose
their global ecological value.Rich forest biodiversity is subject to heavy
pressure as well. Illegal logging often completely removes dominant trees
and species, resulting in the loss of wildlife habitats in the forest
ecosystem. In the legal sector, the historic forestry orientation of
Armenia's resource managers means that they tend to support stand-level
interventions, such as removal of over-mature trees and deadfall in
accessible forest areas. In contrast to this, broader ecosystem management
would allow some areas in different forest cover types to follow natural
cycles, providing ecological and socio-economic benefits other than simply
maximizing sustainable timber yields.As for Armenia's fauna, about 330 of
the 17,500 species found in Armenia are listed as rare or declining. The
Armenian Red Book lists 99 vertebrates, among which are many considered
internationally threatened by the IUCN.Government Strategy The immediate
development goals of the GOA include restoration of macroeconomic
stabilization and mitigation of possible social impacts of the economic
hardships on the poor. In that context project objectives provides the
necessary linkage to address rural poverty through improved and
sustainable use of natural resources. The following reform policies are
relevant to the successful implementation of project interventions:Reduce
rural poverty. The immediate development goals of the Government of
Armenia include mitigation of the social impact of the transition on the
poor, and the Interim Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper (I-PRSP) identifies
conservation and improved management of natural resources as one of
- 3 -



Armenia's priorities in attacking poverty.Reverse declining soil fertility
and degradation of pastures. To reverse the spiral of poverty and natural
resource degradation, the Government has initiatives underway to make
agriculture more profitable and meanwhile to increase the incentives for
good management of natural resources. The Government's strategy in
agriculture includes further liberalization of the agriculture sector,
support for the development of agricultural support services, and halting
the deterioration of basic agricultural infrastructure. The Government is
also committed to land-use policy reform and establishment of a
functioning land market. Steps have been taken to establish a legal
framework for land registration and titling. Land ownership is expected
to increase incentives for sustainable land management. In the meantime,
the Government has been granting short-term leases of state pasture lands
to local households and communities. The Government has recognized,
however, that these short-term leases have had a negative impact on the
lands involved. In order to address the disincentive for sustainable
management that is inherent in such leases, the new Land Code (adopted in
2000) sets up the legal framework for long-term lease arrangements. The
Government plans to undertake transfer of pastures to local communities on
a long-term basis.Restore forests. The Government of Armenia intends to
declare the 21st century the century of Armenia's reforestation. It has
initiated a process of reform in the forestry sector that aims to
rationalize the functions of different state institutions, resolve
overlapping responsibilities, and update the professional knowledge and
skills of foresters. The Government has made attempts to increase the
flow of revenue from utilization of state forests in order to generate the
budget resources needed for forest management activities. To that end, it
has set out to improve collection of taxes and social fees among citizens
and enterprises and to better control black market activities in the
forest sector. At the same time, public awareness of forestry issues needs
to be raised, and the Government intends to re-institute community forests
and facilitate local participation in forest management in rural
areas.Conserve biodiversity and strengthen protected areas network.
Armenia ratified the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in May 1993.
Recognizing the importance of contributing to the international effort to
mitigate greenhouse gas emissions, Armenia also ratified the UN Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UN FCCC) in May 1993. In order to fulfill
the basic provisions of these conventions, Armenia has committed to
contribute to international objectives by developing two national projects
(i) First National Report to CBD and Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan
(BSAP), and (ii) Country Study on Climate Change, which were funded by
GEF. As a result, Armenia has identified at national and regional levels,
natural ecosystems and spheres of activity that are most vulnerable to
climate change effects and ecological consequences that need to be
addressed through practical actions. Armenia's strategy for biodiversity
conservation, as identified in its National Environmental Action Plan
(1999) and BSAP focuses on sustainable development of landscapes, building
human capital and increasing financial investments to achieve improvements
in four key areas: (i) institutional and community activities in
sustainable development and the legal framework that would enable it; (ii)
public awareness and participation; (iii) protected area network planning
and management; and (iv) safeguarding of flora and fauna through
mainstreaming of biodiversity conservation in agriculture, forestry and
other sectors.The Government has established a National Steering Committee
for the implementation of the BSAP. The Committee will form one avenue for
- 4 -



mainstreaming biodiversity conservation into central and other line
Ministries. The Committee comprises the Minister of environment
(chairman), Deputy Minister, head of International Relations Department,
head of Department of Fauna and Flora, the CBD focal point,
representatives of the Ministries of Agriculture, Education, Economy and
Finance, Industry, Trade, and Tourism; representatives of the National
Academy of Sciences, NGOs, UNDP, and the World Bank.
2. Objectives
Development objective. The project's development objective is to promote
adoption of sustainable natural resource management practices and
alleviation of rural poverty in the Tavoush and Gegharkunik districts of
Northern Armenia, mountainous areas where degradation of natural resources
is now reaching a critical point.   The project will help avert further
deterioration of natural resources (soil, water, forest, fishery, and
biodiversity), stabilizing incomes in the local communities that depend on
these resources.Natural landscapes in the project area are managed by the
following Government institutions: state forests are managed by Forest
Administration (Hyantar) under the Ministry of Nature Protection (MONP);
protected areas are managed by the Department of Bioresources and Land
Protection of MONP; and Village Councils (Haymanks) have legal
responsibility for community pastures whilst overseeing management of
privately held land within the village area. Since the end of Soviet
times, the landscapes have not been managed in a planned or coordinated
way. As a result of this, and the economic hardship experienced during the
past decade, the natural resource assets of Gegharkunik and Tavoush marza
are degrading. Global environmental objective. The global environmental
objective of the proposed project is to preserve the mountain, forest, and
grassland ecosystems of the Southern Caucasus, through enhanced protected
area and mountain ecosystem conservation and sustainable management.
Project BackgroundArmenia is a mountainous country with a territory of
29,000 sq. km, and a population of 3,740,000 people. More than 50% of the
population is rural and living in poverty. Only 28 percent of the land
area is below 1,500 m elevation. The mountain ecosystems of Armenia are a
productive asset that produces a valuable flow of goods and services of
local and global significance. Unsustainable exploitation of natural
resources is eroding the asset's productivity. The project area include a
variety of mountain, forest, meadows, aquatic and steppe ecosystem, which
host a significant share of country's biodiversity resources. Forests in
the project area have a significant role in fauna conservation and
creation of the transboundary wildlife corridor between Armenia and
Georgia. Two main protected areas in the geographic area of the project
are the Sevan National Park (1,500 sq.km) and Dilijan State Preserve (280
sq.km). In addition the area is rich for its cultural heritage amenities,
which together forms a unique ecosystem which has significant potential
for developing eco and natural heritage tourism. The proposed project is a
long term investment for sustainable management of the country's natural
resources.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The project is a logical follow up of the NEAP and Lake Sevan Action Plan,
which identified a set of national priorities and will continue the
support to the implementation of a number of measures of the environmental
reform agenda. The project is in full correspondence with the NEAP and
LSAP and BSAP priorities. The value added of Bank support in this project
- 5 -



lies in its global experience in: (i) developing and implementing
community-based strategies for natural resources management; (ii)
establishing a community based institutional arrangements for natural
resources management; and (iii) acting as a catalyst for mobilizing
co-financing from various multilateral and bilateral sources to contribute
towards project needs and future investments. Furthermore, the Bank's
involvement would promote valuable lessons and initiatives tested by the
project to be scaled up into a larger program in the future and to be used
for the development and implementation of the similar initiatives in other
CEE/NIS countries. The GOA has indicated its interest to use the project
implementation experience to potentially replicate the project activities
on a nationwide scale. Specifically, the project implementation
experience will be used to replicate project activities as part of a
national system of protected areas. The GEF value added comes from its
global experience in the design, implementation, and financing of
biodiversity conservation projects. GEF support is justified by the
global importance of the province's biodiversity and by the unique
opportunity to strengthen the management of globally and regionally
important protected areas. The Bank's suite of GEF and biodiversity
projects in the Caucasus region provides opportunities for promotion of
exchange of ideas, cross-fertilization with other GEF projects in the
region, and strengthened trans-boundary cooperation in biodiversity
monitoring and evaluation, review, and scientific oversight. Finally, the
value of the GEF support comes from providing additional funds in a form
of grants to allow the farmers to be involved in biodiversity conservation
projects. Without the Banks and GEF support the GOA and NGOs will not be
able to ensure protection of Armenia's diverse and abundant
biodiversity, which is likely to continue from unsustainable timber and
fuel wood harvesting, overgrowing and associated disturbance, illegal
hunting and habitat loss and fragmentation.
4. Description
la. Description of project areas.Project intervention will focus on
Gegharkunik and Tavoush marzes located in Northern part of Armenia. The
area of Gegharkunik marza is 4,055 sq.km, out of which Lake Sevan National
Park consists of 1,500 sq. km. The altitude range in the marza is 2,000
to 3,500 m, and total population is 277,000 thousand (175,000 rural, which
is 84t of total). It is estimated that extreme poverty in the area ranges
from 30t to 70t depending on location.   The area of Tavoush marza is 2,688
sq.km, with total population of 156,000 ( 98,000 rural which is 79t of
total), of which Dilijan State Preserve consists 290 sq. km. Total area
covered with forests in Tavoush is 131,800 ha. Altitude range in the marza
is 400 to 2,800 m. Poverty is high among the 62 communities, where
extreme poverty ranges from 30t to 70t depending on location. The GOA has
identified these two marzes as priority sites where project approaches
will be piloted. Tavoush marza has the largest share of forest resources
of any district in the country. Gegharkunik marza is selected because of
strategic location of the Lake Sevan, which is the largest water basin in
Armenia that has high economic, environmental and cultural heritage
values. Both marzes have above national average rural poverty levels (51w,
72t and 65t for Armenia, Tavoush and Gegharkunik respectively). l.b
Project Components: The project will include four components: 1.
Community-based Watershed Management; 2. State Forest Management; 3.
Protected Areas Management and Biodiversity Conservation; and 4. Project
Management and Administration. Component 1. Community-Based Watershed
- 6 -



Management.This component will focus on Gegharkunik and Tavoush marzes
located in northern Armenia. At the outset, it will focus on eight
watersheds in these marza, including nineteen communities. However,
identification and selection of additional watersheds will start during
the second year of project implementation, based on agreed selection
criteria.The component would support preparation and implementation of
community based micro-catchment rehabilitation plans. The plans will be
generated by the community selecting from a menu of activities developed
by the project (presented below). Participating communities will be
eligible to apply for small grants to support small-scale local
initiatives related to biodiversity conservation. The menu of options
from which communities will choose is as follows:1.1: Community forest
management. Support will be provided for preparation and implementation
of community forest management plans including: rehabilitation and
enriching of forests (under planting), reforestation and afforestation,
thinning and tending, rehabilitation of forest pastures, demonstrations of
sustainable pig-beech-oak silvo-pastoral agro-forestry; and demonstrations
of bio-gas production installations. 1.2: Community small-grants for
biodiversity conservation. Participating communities will be eligible for
financial assistance (maximum $5,000) to support local initiatives which
benefit biodiversity conservation either directly or indirectly by
supporting local livelihoods and reduce pressure on the protected areas
and biological resources.     1.3: Community pasture management.   This
activity will undertake improvement of the management of natural
grasslands and hay meadows in the project area, including rehabilitation
of hay meadows, indigenous reseeding, rotational grazing and restoration
of degraded pasturelands, construction of livestock watering points and
re-introduction of forage legumes into crop rotations. 1.4: Sustainable
agricultural practices. Financing will be provided for demonstration
cultivation of improved variety of rainfed barley and wheat, improved soil
fertility and improved methods of animal husbandry, and bee-keeping. The
project will assist communities participating in the IFAD-supported
irrigation project or the USDA agricultural-marketing project. 1.5:
Community infrastructure and income generation. The project would also
support small water-collection systems for irrigation, restoration of
field tracks and culverts, road network rehabilitation for management and
protection of community forests, and measures to control land slides and
gully erosion. In collaboration with IFAD, the project would support
improvement of small-scale on-farm irrigation systems. Other opportunities
will be identified during implementation.    1.6: Development of Community
Institutions. Logistical support will be provided to village councils,
marza-level organizations and village resource user groups to develop
capacity to implement and monitor watershed and community forest plans.
The project would finance small works, equipment, work hire and materials
(e.g., seeds, tree seedlings, inputs, and fertilizers) and technical
assistance (resources planning, training, outreach and awareness, and
demonstrations). Communities are expected to contribute their labor. GEF
funds would finance technical assistance for measures to conserve forest
biodiversity and to co-finance the costs of recovery of alpine meadows and
steppes, including re-seeding with indigenous grass species, native wild
fruit trees and non-wood forest products.Component 2: State Forest
Management. It will support rehabilitation, protection and sustainable
management of state forests in the project area; improve the forest
sector's institutional, legal and policy framework; and enhance
institutional capacity to monitor and control forest operations.2.1:
-7 -



Demonstrate improved forest management practices. This sub-component will
undertake: (i) preparation of modern multipurpose state forest management
plans in state forests; (ii) pre-commercial thinning and thinning of pole
stands in naturally regenerated forests; (iii) measures for regeneration
of over-mature, partially disintegrating stands by applying group
selection felling and low-impact harvesting methods; (iv) reforestation of
overlogged stands and afforestation of blanks in forests; (v) protection
of forests against fires and insects; (vi) rehabilitation of road network
for implementation of the approved forest management plans and for
efficient forest protection; (vi) measures for strengthening the
operational capacity of the forest service (Hayantar) and its local
branches as well as to rehabilitate its offices and equipment. 2.2:
Strengthen legal and institutional framework and increase human resources
capacity for sustainable forest management and biodiversity
conservation.This component will increase national and local capacity for
implementation of sustainable forest management programs. I would support:
(i) review and improvement of forest-related legislation; (ii) improved
marketing and pricing of forest products, including initiatives to reduce
illegal logging and to undertake forest certification; (iii)
organizational reform of Hyantar; (iv) development and execution of
training programs for staff of Hyantar, protected areas, extension and
inspection services; (v) establishment of a national forest and
biodiversity training center in Zikatar. SIDA will provide technical
assistance for studies, training and capacity building. GEF funds will be
used for training and awareness activities, mainstreaming of
biodiversity-conservation issues into national forest laws, and
development of regulations and forest management plans.Component 3:
Protected Areas Management and Biodiversity Conservation. This component
will support measures to: (i) improve the role of two key protected areas
(Lake Sevan National Park and Dilijan State Reserve) in the conservation
and sustainable use of the region's biodiversity, and sustain these
improvements; (ii) improve the capacity of the Department of Bioresources
and Land Protection of the MoNP to meet its biodiversity conservation
mandate inside and outside protected areas - including mainstreaming of
biodiversity in government policies and laws as well as activities of the
line ministries and marza governments. 3.1: Improve the management of
Dilijan State Reserve and Lake Sevan National Park. This sub-component
will support preparation and implementation of new management plans for
Lake Sevan National Park and Dilijan State Reserve. The management plans
will review the boundaries of these protected areas and propose more
effective boundaries and zoning. The planning process will take the view
that protected area management plans are tools to address a wide variety
of demands and values (biodiversity, human, cultural, socioeconomic) with
a primary goal of conserving globally and nationally important
biodiversity. In the case of Dilijan State Preserve, the management plan
will be input for the decision of the Government of Armenia concerning the
Preserve's proposed change in status. Specific activities under this
component will include: (i) preparing participatory protected area
management plans; (ii) developing monitoring systems and undertaking
applied studies in support of improved management; (iii) providing
professional development and training for protected-areas staff and local
stakeholders; (iv) providing environmental education and public community
programs to build local awareness of the protected area's multiple
objectives and encourage participation of local communities; (v)
establishing park infrastructure and logistical support at Dilijan State
- 8 -



Reserve and Lake Sevan National Park.3.2: Build capacity in the MoNP to
administer the system of protected areas, and build public awareness of
biodiversity conservation. Specific activities under this sub-component
will include:(i) reform of key legislation and regulations concerning
conservation of flora and fauna of protected areas; (ii) mainstreaming
biodiversity conservation into the planning and policy processes of
central and sectoral ministries; (iii) strengthening information
dissemination; (iv) rapid assessment of biodiversity conservation at the
landscape level; (vi) strengthening of transboundary cooperation in
biodiversity monitoring and protected-areas management. Component 4:
Project Management and Administration. This component will support
project administration and implementation. The project will finance the
incremental operational costs of the project management team, essential
technical assistance for project management (e.g., financial management
and procurement training, project audit, institutional coordination,
implementation assistance to communities and public sector training for
capacity building, basic equipment and facilities, and the operating costs
of the PIU).
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
GOVERNMENT                       1.51
IDA                              8.31
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY      5.12
SWEDEN: SWEDISH INTL. DEV.
COOPERATION AGENCY (SIDA)        1.08
Total Project Cost               16.02
6. Implementation
Project Management Board. The Project Management Board (PMB) established
for the preparation of the project will continue functioning during the
implementation phase. The Minister of Nature Protection will chair the
PMB with membership from Ministries of Finance and Economy, Agriculture,
Social Welfare and State Department of Cadastre who be represented on the
Board. Representatives of Tavoush and Gegharkunik Marzes will have a
deliberative voice in the PMB. On behalf of the Government the PMB will
have the responsibility for overall supervision of project activities
including approval of annual work plans and budgets and inter-agency
coordination. Project Lead Agency: Ministry of Nature Protection (MoNP)
will be the lead agency responsible for project implementation in close
coordination with other stakeholder agencies and beneficiary groups.
However, the Department of Forestry (Hayantar) will be responsible through
its district branches for implementation of Component 2, "Forest
Management," under the supervision of the MONP and PMB; while Component 3,
"Protected Areas Management," will be the direct responsibility of the
Department of Biodiversity and Land Protection in close coordination with
the PIU, administrations of Lake Sevan National Park and Dilijan Nature
Reserve. Hayantar will also provide forest extension services to community
for implementation of forest management activities, and the Forest
Research Center (FREC) will provide assistance in forest management
planning and forest training activities. Project Implementation Unit. A
Project Implementation Unit (PIU) has been established in the MoNP. Good
inter-agency coordination is crucial for project implementation. The PIU
would be responsible for coordinating activities with project stakeholders
and government institutions during project implementation.PIU staff in the
-9-



Marzes will provide day-to-day implementation support to communities.
Specifically the PIU will: (a) provide planning and technical assistance
to participating communities in the Marzes; (b) serve as liaison with the
Marza governments and local agencies; (c) coordinate project activities
with other donor-funded projects in the project area; and (d) popularize
project activities and disseminate information. The project will provide
logistical support and training for environmental and agricultural
departments of the Marza governments that will be involved in monitoring
project activities.On behalf of the Government, the PIU will enter into
Micro-Catchment (MC) agreements with Village Councils that will specify
the MC activities, implementation arrangements, monitoring requirements
and budgets of annual village plans The PIU will help the villages to
prepare and implement MC and involve in preparation of community forest
management plans. The PIU will contract implementation services, such as
technical support and supervision of implementation of annual community
work plans, review of design works and supervision of work undertaken by
contractors, and will carry out quality control by site visits.
Implementation Arrangements at Watershed Level. Implementation
arrangements at the local level will be as set out in the Guidelines for
Participatory Watershed Management that were developed during
preparation. The project will strengthen existing village-level
institutions for project management and administration and support the
establishment of informal community-based groups.In each project area, the
Marzpeteran's office will facilitate coordination between local
stakeholders and participating communities. Local service providers may
qualify for provision of technical and implementation services and will be
contracted by the PIU on a competitive basis. Existing Agricultural
Support Centers could be contracted to assist village Resource Management
Associations in planning and implementing community-based soil control,
forestry, pasture and resource management sub-projects, farmers' training
and extension support. The PIU will be responsible for independent
monitoring to ensure efficient and transparent use of project funds by
communities. Such monitoring will be carried out through frequent site
visits, significant site presence, and preparation and dissemination of
public information
7. Sustainability
The project will create conditions for land use that address the
sustainability of proposed interventions at watershed and household level;
in particular, institutional stability, financial sustainability, and a
high level of ownership. Institutional stability is being promoted by
consensus-building on the project design among a wide range of
stakeholders and by adopting a participatory process throughout. Most of
the implementing institutions are at the local level, and therefore strong
participation and better coordination among the Ministries responsible for
natural resources planning and management (MOA and MONP and Hayantar) and
their local departments and district branches are critical for
sustainability of project investments.     Second, financial sustainability
is a clear necessity. This is to be pursued by selection of investments
and activities that will generate income streams over time, often in the
sense of increased profitability of ongoing natural resources use, and
which rural communities and producers' organizations will become capable
of managing and maintaining over time. Third, a high level of ownership of
the planning and implementation process by project beneficiaries is
critical for the project success. Early involvement of key stakeholders
- 10 -



( i.e. village communities, farmers, NGOs, local authorities) in decision
making and later during implementation will increase the chances of
sustainability. The project will promote equity among community members as
most households will gain access to project investments. The
sustainability of GEF biodiversity projects elsewhere in the region has
been considered good (e.g. Romania, Ukraine). The project will address
the problem of financial sustainability by designing the project with
activities that promote nature-based tourism, and by strengthening
mechanisms for the MONP to collect user fees and other charges that
finance the long-term maintenance cost of protected areas.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Lessons from a review of Bank experience in natural resources management
and poverty alleviation include the following.It is important clearly to
identify the impact of project interventions on use of natural resources
and on the incomes of rural poor who use these resources. The project
needs to have clear development objectives and a simple yet flexible
monitoring and evaluation system to avoid activities with questionable
financial and environmental sustainability or which have little overall
impact.The project's rationale, benefits and objectives should be made
known to all stakeholders, though consultations and public awareness
programs.Substantial capacity often exists at the local and national
level, even though project beneficiaries may not be able to fully
demonstrate their skills at the outset of project implementation.
Beneficiary training and extension programs are important, therefore, to
provide the skills necessary to utilize the investments and opportunities
delivered by the project in the most profitable and sustainable way.Active
participation of project beneficiaries is important in identification of
problem and solutions. Activities and strategic approaches will have
greatest impact and full ownership by beneficiaries if problems are solved
jointly with them, not for them. Capacity and skill transfer to
beneficiaries leads to the best results in practice. Project design should
be within the limits of the Government's ability to implement the
project. Past environmental and natural resources management projects
often suffered from over-sizing, attempting to cover diverse issues and
placing large implementation/coordination burdens on environmental/natural
resources management agencies that are often young and
inexperienced.Environment-friendly agricultural activities should
establish a link between environmental protection and tangible benefits
for local communities and other key stakeholders. The focus of the project
on participatory, community-based activities that lead to improved
management and conservation of resources should be maintained; focus
should not be transferred to a rural development project. Lessons learned
from other Bank projects in Armenia point to additional critical issues.It
is important that the project addresses the need for better inter-sectoral
and inter-agency coordination of implementation activities.Sufficient time
should be allocated for planning to ensure adequate participation of local
population in project activities and full response to new ideas proposed
by the community and its individual members.      Decentralization of
decision-making to the local level is critical to make the project
demand-driven and to strengthen project ownership among beneficiaries.
There is a critical need to strengthen the capacity of local government
staff and communities so that they can fully participate in the
preparation and implementation of the proposed project activities.In
accordance with GEF guidelines a STAP review was undertaken. The review
- 11 -



was generally positive and approval by GEFSEC was recommended.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        Environmental Assessment. Based on the
Environmental Assessment conducted during preparation, the project is
classified as Category B. The project objectives are to achieve a range of
positive environmental and social impacts, and the components of the
project have been designed to enhance the positive outcomes and to also
include mitigation measures for possible adverse or negative impacts. The
EA process involved a secondary assessment of possible impacts, both
positive and negative as well as an assessment of the proposed enhancement
and mitigation measures. The project will have an overall positive
environmental impact by reversing current trends of natural resources
degradation in mountainous areas through improved watershed management.
The project will have positive impact by conserving globally and
nationally significant biodiversity in two protected areas and in
watersheds in the project area. The environmental benefits of improving
natural resource management would include increased productivity of
grazing lands, better protection against soil erosion, and more
sustainable use of biological resources. In the short term, unsustainable
forest and pasture use in the project areas would be reduced. These
benefits are expected to have a noticeable impact before the end of the
GEF funding. The primary major impacts are not individually significant
but have the potential to be cumulatively significant. Public
consultations were held in project communities during project preparation
and during the EA public consultations and Disclosure process.
Participating communities, stakeholders and interested parties were fully
informed of the environmental assessment process and given opportunity to
voice their concerns and opinions. Consultations were carried out at two
levels: national and local level. Given the nature of the work to be
financed under this project, the project is classified as Environmental
Category "B." d. Status of Category A assessment: BEA start-up date:
08/15/2001               Date of first EA draft:    10/18/2001Current
status: Final draft completed on December 18,2001. Public consultations
completed in January 2002. Final EA issued February 1, 2002.Proposed
Actions: The MONP and PIU will be responsible for ensuring that
mitigation measures included in the EMP are incorporated in
microcatchment, forest management and protected areas management plans.
Status of any other environmental studies: Completed National
Environmental Action Plan, Lake Sevan Action Program, and National
Biodiversity Strategy and Action plan.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Adriana Damianova
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202 743 2159
Fax: 202 614 0715
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
- 12 -



The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
March 1, 2002.
- 13 -



