Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2938 IN
                    Loan Agreement
           (Second Karnataka Power ProJect)
                        between
                         INDIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 27, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2938 IN
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1988, between INDIA,
acting by its President (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
    WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  Part A of the Project will be carried. out by
the Karnataka Power Corporation Limited (the Corporation)
with the Borrower's assistance;
     (C)  Part B of the Project will be carried out by
the State of Karnataka (Karnataka) through the Karnataka
State Electricity Board (the Board) with the Borrower's
assistance;
     (D)  For the purposes of carrying out the Project,
as part of the Borrower's assistance, the Borrower will
make available to Karnataka the proceeds of the Loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Page  2
Agreement, in the Project Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Corporation, and in the
Karnataka Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and Karnataka.
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Karnataka" means the State of Karnataka, a
State of India;
     (b)  "Karnataka Agreement" means the agreement
between the Bank and Karnataka of even date herewith, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (c)  "Corporation" means the Karnataka Power
Corporation Limited, a company registered under the
Companies Act, 1956, of the Borrower;
     (d)  "Project Agreement" means the Agreement between
the Bank and the Corporation of even date herewith, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to the
Project Agreement;
     (e)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between Karnataka and the Corporation
pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of the Karnataka Agreement,
as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
     (f)  "Board" means the Karnataka Electricity Board
established under the provisions of the Borrower's
Electricity (Supply) Act, 1948, as amended to the date of
this Agreement;
     (g)  "Talakalale Dam" means the structure which
holds a balancing reservoir between the Linganamakki
reservoir and the intake structure of the Sharavathy
Power Station in Karnataka; and
     (h)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred sixty million
dollars ($260,000,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account  in accordance with the
Page  3
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of the Special Account shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1996 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end,
without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Loan Agreement, shall cause
Karnataka to perform in accordance with the provisions of
Page  4
the Karnataka Agreement all the obligations of Karnataka
therein set forth, shall take or cause to be taken all
action, including the provision of funds, facilities,
services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to
enable Karnataka to perform such obligstions, and shall
not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with such performance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the
Loan available to Karnataka in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental
assistance to the States of India.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to the Karnataka Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part A of the
Project shall be carried out or caused to be carried out
by the Corporation pursuant to Section 2.03 of the
Project Agreement, and in respect of Part B of the
Project, shall be carried out or caused to be carried out
by Karnataka pursuant to Section 2.04 of the Karnataka
Agreement.
                          ARTICLE IV
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower
shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices,  bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Bank has received the
               audit report for the fiscal year in which
               the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
               was made; and
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section for
               each fiscal year audited, in accordance
               with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than seven
               months in respect of withdrawals for the
Page  5
               Corporation and nine months in respect of
               withdrawals for the Board, after the end
               of each such year the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested, including a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be  relied upon to support the
               related withdrawals; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records
                    and accounts and the audit thereof
                    as the Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall have the Special
Account for each financial year audited in accordance
with appropriate auditing principles, consistently
applied by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank
and furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any
case not later than six months after the end of each year
the report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
and in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
requested.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  Karnataka or the Corporation shall have failed
to perform any of its respective obligations under the
Karnataka Agreement or the Project Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that Karnataka or the Corporation will be able
to perform its respective obligations under the Karnataka
Agreement or the Project Agreement.
     (c)  A change shall have been made in the Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Corporation amended to
the date of this Agreement, without the consent of the
Bank, whioh would materially and adversely affect the
financial condition or operations of the Corporation.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of the Board or the
Corporation or for the suspension of its operations.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events  specified in paragraphs (c) and (d)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
Page  6
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The following event is specified as
an additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions, namely, that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been executed on behalf of Karnataka and
the Corporation.
     Section 6.02.  The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Karnataka Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by Karnataka and is legally
binding upon Karnataka in accordance with its terms.
     (b)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or
ratified by the Corporation, and is legally binding upon
the Cor-
poration in accordance with its terms; and
     (c)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by Karnataka and the
Corporation and is legally binding upon Karnataka and the
Corporation in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  Any Secretary, Additional Secretary,
Joint Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under
Secretary of the Department of Economic Affairs in the
Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          The Secretary to the Government of India
          Department of Economic Affairs
          Ministry of Finance
          New Delhi, India
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ECOFAIRS                 953-313546
               New Delhi
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
     1818 H Street, N.W.
     Washington, D.C. 20433
     United States of America
     Cable address:                Telex
Page  7
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INDIA
                    By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Bilsel Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
alloc.ition of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                    Amount of the
                    Loan Allocated           % of
                    (Expressed in            Expenditures
     Category       Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)  Civil works            40,000,000       65%
(2)  Equipment and    180,000,000       100% of foreign
     materials                          expenditures, and
                                        100% of local
                                        expenditures
                                        (ex-factory cost)
(3)  Talakalale Dam     8,000,000       70%
     repairs
(4)  Afforestation       400,000        80%
(5)  Consultants'            1,600,000       100%
     services and
     training
(6)  Unallocated            30,000,000
                    _________________
         TOTAL        260,000,000
Page  8
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to: (i) develop
low cost hydro resources to meet power shortages in the
Southern Region; (ii) provide efficient evacuation of
power from the Sharavathy Hydropower Complex; (iii)
strengthen Karnataka's transmission grid and the power
distribution system in the City of Bangalore; (iv)
introduce new technologies in Karnataka's distribution
system; and (v) improve the Board's management
capabilities .
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A:   The Corporation
          (i)  The construction of the 240 MW Sharavathy
               tail race hydroelectric scheme at
               Gersoppa;
          (ii) The establishment of compensatory
               afforestation associated with the
               hydroelectric scheme under Part (i)
               above; and
          (iii)     The carrying out of a program of
                    repairs of the Talakalale Dam.
Part B:   The Board
          (i)   The construction of about 250 km of
               double circuit 400-kV line, about 250 km
               of single and double circuit 220 kV line
               and about 225 km of single circuit 220 kV
               line on existing towers together with
               associated substations.
          (ii) The laying of about 6 km of 66 kV cable
               together with the construction of the
               associated substations.
          (iii)     The reinforcement of the 11 kV
                    primary distribution grid in the
                    City of Ban galore.
          (iv) The establishment of a computerized
               distribution system control center.
           (v) The acquisition of tools and equipment,
               and carrying out a program of training of
Page  9
               their use, for transmission and
               distribution construction works and its
               maintenance.
          (vi) Utilization of consultants' services for
               the design and construction supervision
               of 400 kV lines and substations under the
               Project.
                    *   *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1995.
                      SCHEDUIE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
Date Payment Due                        Payment of
Principal
                                   (Expressed in
dollars)*
December 1, 1993                             4,745,000
June 1, 1994                            4,930,000
December 1, 1994                             5,120,000
June 1, 1995                            5,315,000
December 1, 1995                             5,520,000
June 1, 1996                            5,735,000
December 1, 1996                             5,955,000
June 1, 1997                            6,185,000
December 1, 1997                             6,425,000
June 1, 1998                            6,675,000
December 1, 1998                             6,930,000
June 1, 1999                            7,200,000
December 1, 1999                             7,475,000
June 1, 2000                            7,765,000
December 1, 2000                             8,065,000
June 1, 2001                            8,375,000
December 1, 2001                             8,700,000
June 1, 2002                            9,035,000
December 1, 2002                             9,385,000
June 1, 2003                            9,745,000
December 1, 2003                             10,120,000
June 1, 2004                            10,510,000
December 1, 2004                             10,920,000
June 1, 2005                            11,340,000
December 1, 2005                             11,775,000
June 1, 2006                            12,230,000
December 1, 2006                             12,705,000
June 1, 2007                            13,195,000
December 1, 2007                             13,705,000
June 1, 2008                            14,220,000
__________________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
equivalents determined as of the respective dates of
withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                                   The interest rate (ex-
                                   pressed as a
percentage
                                   per annum) applicable
to
                                   the balance
Page  10
outstanding
                                   on the Loan on the day
of
                                   prepayment multiplied
by:
Not more than three years
 before maturity                                  0.15
More than three years but                         0.30
 not more than six years
 before maturity
More than six years but                           0.55
 not more than 11 years
 before maturity
More than 11 years but not                        0.80
 more than 16 years
 before maturity
More than 16 years but not                        0.90
 more than 18 years
 before maturity
More than 18 years before                         1.00
 maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means the
Categories (1), (2), (3), (4) and (5), set forth in the
table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $20,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify. On the basis of such
requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account such amounts as
Page  11
shall be required to replenish the Special Account with
amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made out of
the Special Account for eligible expenditures. All such
deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by the evidence supporting the request for such
deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Bank shall have determined that all
               further withdrawals should be made by the
               Borrower directly from the Loan Account
               in accordance with the provisions of
               Article V of the General Conditions and
               paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
               Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
               allocated to the eligible Categories,
               minus the amount of any outstanding
               special commitment entered into by the
               Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
               General Conditions with respect to the
               Project, shall be equal to the equivalent
               of twice the amount of the Authorized
               Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawal shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank, deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank) an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. No further deposit
by the Bank into
the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
Page  12
