Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2938 IN
                  Karnataka Agreement
           (Second Karnataka Power Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                  STATE OF KARNATAKA
                  Dated July 27, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2938 IN
                  KARNATAKA AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1988, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and STATE OF KARNATAKA, acting by its Governor
(Karnataka).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between India, acting by its President (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred sixty million dollars
($260,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Karnataka
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  the Project will be carried out by the
Karnataka Power Corporation Limited (the Corporation) and
the Karnataka Electricity Board (the Board) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance,
the proceeds of the Loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be made available to Karnataka by the
Borrower for relending to the Corporation and the Board;
and
Page  2
     WHEREAS Karnataka, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) Karnataka declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall cause
the Board to carry out Part B of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
public utility practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under this Agreement, Karnataka
shall cause the Corporation to perform in accordance with
the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of the Corporation therein set forth, shall
take or cause to be taken all actions, including the
provision of funds, facilities, services, and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the
Corporation to perform such obligations, and shall not
take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent
or interfere with such performance.
     Section 2.02. (a) Karnataka shall relend the
proceeds of the Loan made available by the Borrower to
Karnataka as follows:
          (i)  an amount equivalent to $130,000,000 to
               the Corporation under a subsidiary loan
               agreement to be entered into between
               Karnataka and the Corporation under terms
               and conditions which shall have been
               approved by the Bank which shall, except
               as the Bank may otherwise agree, include
               interest at a rate of not less than
               11.50% per annum on the principal amount
               so relent and withdrawn by the
               Corporation and outstanding from time to
               time, and repayment over a period of
               twenty years, including therein a period
               of grace of five years; and
          (ii) an amount equivalent to $130,000,000 to
               the Board under terms and conditions
               satisfactory to the Bank, which shall,
               except as the Bank may otherwise agree,
               include interest at a rate of not less
               than 11.50% per annum on the principal
               amount so relent and withdrawn by the
               Board and outstanding from time to time,
Page  3
               and repayment over a period of twenty
               years, including therein a period of
               grace of five years.
     (b)  Karnataka shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect
the interests of Karnataka and the Bank and to accomplish
the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, Karnataka shall not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any
provision thereof.
     Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
     Section 2.04. Karnataka shall carry out or cause to
be carried out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Karnataka Agreement and Part B of the
Project.
     Section 2.05. (a) Karnataka shall, at the request of
the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  Karnataka shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment
of the purposes of Loan, or the performance by Karnataka
of its obligations under this Agreement.
     Section 2.06. Karnataka shall cause the Board to
complete the detailed route survey for the 220 kV
Gersoppa-Talaguppa transmission line and, not later than
December 31, 1988, make an application to the Borrower's
appropriate authorities for clearance under the Forest
(Conservation) Act, 1980 of the Borrower.
                      ARTICLE III
        Management and Operations of the Board
     Section 3.01. Karnataka shall cause the Board to:
(i) carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers; (ii) at
all times operate and maintain its plant, machinery,
equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial and public utility practices; and
(iii) take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
make other provision satisfactory to the Bank for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
     Section 3.02. Karnataka shall cause the Board: (i)
by April 1, 1990 to collect its accounts receivable from
its principal debtors as of March 31, 1987, in accordance
with a monitorable action program satisfactory to the
Bank; and (ii) to maintain its accounts receivable with
respect to the sales at no more than the equivalent of
Page  4
the preceding two month's sales.
     Section 3.03. Karnataka shall cause the Board to
retain by December 31, 1988, the services of a qualified
firm under terms and reference satisfactory to the Bank,
to review the Board's work planning procedures, introduce
new tools and equipment, and train the Board's staff in
their use.
     Section 3.04. Karnataka shall cause the Board to
ensure that all sums owed by the Board to the Corporation
in respect of sales of electricity and not covered by a
letter of credit, are cleared within 30 days of billing.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. Karnataka shall cause the Board to:
     (a)  maintain records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices its
operations and financial condition;
     (b)   have its records, accounts and financial
statements (balance sheets, statements of income and
expenses and related statements) for each financial year
audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
principles consistently applied, by independent auditors
acceptable to the Bank;
     (c)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
in any case not later than nine months after the end of
each such year, commencing financial year 1986/87, (i)
certified copies of its financial statements for such
year as so audited, and (ii) the report of such audit by
said auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
     (d)  furnish to the Bank such other information
concerning said records, accounts and financial
statements as well as the audit thereof, as the Bank
shall from time to time reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) Karnataka shall cause the Board to
take from time to time all such measures as may be
necessary including, if necessary, adjustment of tariffs
of the Board to ensure that the total revenues in any
financial year shall, after meeting: (i) all expenses
properly chargeable to revenues, including operating
maintenance and management expenses; (ii) taxes on income
and profits; (iii) depreciation; and (iv) interest
payable on all debentures, bonds and loans; produce such
surplus as is not less than 3% of the net fixed assets of
the Board in service at the beginning of such year.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "total revenues" means revenues of the
               Board from the sale of electricity and
               other services, miscellaneous income,
               rural electrification subsidies received
               from Karnataka, state electricity duties
               received, and such other subventions as
               shall be made in respect of extraordinary
               costs which are borne by the Board and
               which should not reasonably be borne by
               customers of the Board;
          (ii) "expenses" means the cost of power
               purchased, fuel, operating, maintenance,
               management and administrative expenses,
Page  5
               and all taxes and duties accruing during
               the financial year, other than taxes on
               income and profits of the Board;
          (iii)     "taxes on income and profits"
                    consists of income taxes and other
                    levies accrued by the Board
                    according to the provisions of any
                    legislation or regulation applicable
                    in this respect;
          (iv) "depreciation" means a provision derived
               in accordance with the straight-line
               method based on the useful life of assets
               as stipulated in the Borrower's
               notification G.S.R. 244(E)-F No. 25(9)82-
               D(SEB) dated March 31, 1985, issued under
               the provisions of Section 68 of the
               Electricity (Supply) Act 1948, of the
               Borrower, based on the gross value of the
               Board's fixed assets in service at the
               beginning of each year;
          (v)  "interest payable on all debentures,
               bonds and loans" means all interest,
               excluding interest during construction,
               accrued by the Board during the financial
               year and all other charges on debt; and
          (vi) "net fixed assets of the Board in
               service" means the original cost of such
               fixed assets, as reduced by the aggregate
               of the cumulative depreciation in respect
               of such assets, less consumers'
               contribution for service lines, also
               reduced by the aggregate of the
               cumulative depreciation in respect of
               such portion of the service lines as has
               been financed by consumer contributions.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of Karnataka thereunder shall terminate on
the date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify Karnataka thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
Page  6
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For Karnataka:
          Secretary to the Government
            of Karnataka
          Department of Power
          Bangalore
          Karnataka, India
          Cable address:           Telex:
               POWER                         953-845239
               Bangalore
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Karnataka may
be taken or executed by a Secretary to the Government of
Karnataka or such other person or persons as Karnataka
shall designate in writing, and Karnataka shall furnish
to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Bilsel Alisbah
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               STATE OF KARNATAKA
               By /s/ N. Misra
                              Authorized Representative
Page  7
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, a margin of
preference to domestic contractors may be granted in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for civil works and equipment estimated to
cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 and $200,000 each or
less, respectively, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
2.   Equipment required for limiting fault current at
existing 11 kV substations may be procured from the known
suppliers through negotiated contracts.
3.   Works for compensatory afforestation may be carried
out by force account.
Part E:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for civil works
and equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of
$5,000,000 and $1,000,000 each or more, respectively, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
Page  8
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (a) (ii) of the Loan Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Corporation and the Board in
carrying out the Project, consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank shall be
employed. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
