Page  1
                                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2212-HO
                 (Social Investment Fund Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 14, 1991
                                              CREDIT NUMBER 2212-HO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 14, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from bilateral and
multilateral aid and development organizations (hereinafter
"Additional Financiers") loans and grants to assist in expanding the
activities of the Social Investment Fund (as hereinafter defined) on
the terms and conditions set forth in agreements to be entered into
between the Borrower and each of the Additional Financiers
(hereinafter "Additional Funding Agreements");
      (C)   among the loans and grants referred to above, the
Page  2
Borrower intends to contract from Kreditanstalt fcr Wiederaufbau
(hereinafter "KfW") a loan or a grant (hereinafter the "KfW
Financing") in an amount equivalent to $12,000,000 (twelve million
dollars), for the purposes above described, on the terms and
conditions set forth in an agreement (hereinafter the "KfW Financing
Agreement") to be entered into between the Borrower and KfW;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Decree No. 12-90" means the Decree No. 12-90 of the
Borrower, dated February 22, 1990, published in the Official
Gazzette (La Gaceta) on March 2, 1990;
      (b)   "FAP" means the Family Assistance Program (Programa de
Asignacion Familiar) of the Borrower, established pursuant to
Presidential Decree No. 1208-A (as hereinafter defined);
      (c)   "MHS" means the multiple purpose permanent household
survey of the Borrower;
      (d)   "MOE" means the Ministry of Education (Ministerio de
Educacion) of the Borrower;
      (e)   "MOH" means the Ministry of Health (Ministerio de Salud)
of the Borrower;
      (f)   "NPO" means the National Planning Office (Secretaria de
Planificacion) of the Borrower;
      (g)   "Operational Manual" means the manual containing the
administrative, promotion, appraisal and supervision criteria to be
followed by SIF and to be approved pursuant to the provisions of
Section 7.01 (c) of this Agreement;
      (h)   "Presidential Decree No. 1208-A" means the Acuerdo
Presidencial No. 1208-A of the Borrower, dated August 7, 1990,
published in the Official Gazette (La Gaceta) on August 22, 1990, as
amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (i)   "Requesting Entities" means the governmental or non-
governmental entities which meet the eligibility criteria under the
Operational Manual and which propose to carry out or are carrying
out Subprojects; and "Requesting Entity" means any one of the such
Requesting Entities;
      (j)   "SIF" or "Social Investment Fund" means the Social
Investment Fund (Fondo Hondureno de Inversion Social) of the
Borrower, established as a public entity with juridical personality
pursuant to Decree No. 12-90;
      (k)   "SIF Subsidiary Agreement" means the Agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SIF, pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to such agreement;
Page  3
      (l)   "Subproject" means a project carried out, or to be
carried out, under Part A of the Project financed in part by the
proceeds of the Credit; and
      (m)   "Subproject Agreement" means the Agreement to be entered
into between SIF and a Requesting Entity and, where applicable, a
contractor or supplier, for the purposes of carrying out a
Subproject, under terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules to the Subproject Agreements.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fourteen million three hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 14,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank (Banco Central de Honduras) on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
Page  4
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each April 1 and October 1 commencing
April 1, 2001 and ending October 1, 2025. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on October 1, 2010 shall be one
and one fourth of one percent (1 1/4%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half of one percent
(2 1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Executive Director of SIF or such other
person or persons as such Executive Director or the Secretario de
Estado en el Despacho de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Borrower
shall appoint in writing are designated as representatives of the
Borrower for the purpose of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions in respect of Parts A and B
of the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall: (i) cause SIF to carry out Parts
A and B of the Project; and (ii) carry out Part C of the Project
through FAP and Parts D and E of the Project through NPO, all with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
financial, administrative, health, education and managerial
practices, and also in accordance with the Operational Manual in the
case of SIF, and shall provide or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall enter into a subsidiary agreement
with SIF, satisfactory to the Association, providing, inter alia,
for:
            (i)   the transfer of part of the proceeds of the
                  Credit to SIF, on a grant basis, for the purposes
                  of carrying out Parts A and B of the Project; and
Page  5
           (ii)   the obligation of SIF to carry out Parts A and B
                  of the Project in accordance with the terms and
                  conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the
                  Operational Manual.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the SIF
Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower and the Association, and to accomplish the purposes of
the Credit, and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not change, assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
SIF Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall cause SIF, until the Project
completion, to maintain an executive director whose experience and
qualifications shall be at all times acceptable to the Association
and to consult with the Association with respect to the replacement
of the executive director of SIF prior to any such replacement.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation to or restriction upon its
reporting requirements under the General Conditions and this
Agreement, the Borrower shall, and shall cause SIF, in respect of
Parts A and B of the Project, to, promptly inform the Association of
any condition which interferes, or threatens to interfere, with the
progress of the Project or the Subprojects, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance of SIF of its
obligations under the SIF Subsidiary Agreement, or the performance
of SIF and the Requesting Entities under Subproject Agreements.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower undertakes that, unless the
Association shall otherwise agree, Subprojects shall be promoted,
identified, appraised, carried out and monitored in accordance with
the procedures set forth or referred to in the Operational Manual.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall, without limitation to
its obligations under Article IX of the General Conditions, by not
later than December 31, 1991, review with SIF and the Association
the progress in the carrying out of the Project, such review to
include, inter alia, the determination of the appropriateness of the
amounts established in Part C of Schedule 3 of this Agreement for
the achievement of the purposes of the Project.
      (b)   Pursuant to such review and if so required by the
Association, the Borrower shall take or shall cause SIF to take, by
not later than January 31, 1992, all actions deemed appropriate by
the Association, in form satisfactory to the Association, in order
to allow the Borrower and SIF to achieve the purposes of the
Project.
      Section 3.07. Without limitation to its obligations under the
General Conditions and under Section 3.01 (a) of this Agreement, the
Borrower shall provide SIF, as and when requested, with the funds
necessary to cover the investment and operating costs of Subprojects
as well as the operating expenses of SIF, in form satisfactory to
the Association.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall cause SIF to prepare and
present to the Association, by not later than June 30 and
December 31 of each year, a report, in form satisfactory to the
Association, containing, inter alia, a list of Subprojects approved
by SIF.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall carry out the surveys and
studies included in Part E of the Project under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.10. In order to carry out Part A, III (i) of the
Page  6
Project, the Borrower shall cause SIF to:
      (a)   include in the Operational Manual the terms and
conditions of the financing to be provided under such Part of the
Project; and
      (b)   enter into arrangements with non-governmental
organizations, satisfactory to the Association, such arrangements to
include, inter alia, the conditions under which such non-
governmental organizations shall assist SIF in the carrying out of
such Part of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained and shall cause SIF to maintain (in respect of Parts A
and B of the Project) records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, and shall cause SIF to:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall, and shall cause SIF to:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
Page  7
      Section 4.02. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
4.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall cause: (i) SIF's
operations to be audited by independent auditors acceptable to the
Association, every quarter during the execution of the Project, such
audits to include a financial review of Subprojects and a physical
inspection of works in the field; and (ii) SIF to furnish to the
Association, as soon as available, but in any case not later than
two months after the end of each such quarter, a certified copy of
the report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
detail as the Association shall have reasonably requested.
                              ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause SIF:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice; and
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial and managerial
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified, provided,
however, that if the event specified in paragraph (d) below shall
have occurred and be continuing, the suspension of the Borrower's
right to make withdrawals from the Credit Account may be limited by
the Association to withdrawals in respect of Parts C, D and E of the
Project:
      (a)   Decree No. 12-90 or any provision thereof shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association,
the ability of SIF to perform any of its obligations under the SIF
Subsidiary Agreement or under any Subproject Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that SIF will be able to perform its obligations under
the SIF Subsidiary Agreement or under any Subproject Agreement;
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of SIF, or for the suspension of its operations;
      (d)   Presidential Decree No. 1208-A or any provision thereof
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived;
      (e)   the KfW Financing Agreement or any Additional Funding
Agreement shall have failed to become effective by June 30, 1991, or
such later date as the Association may agree; provided, however,
that the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes, to the satisfaction of the Association, that
adequate funds for the Project are available to the Borrower from
other sources, on terms and conditions consistent with the
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement;
      (f)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
Page  8
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor, or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
           (ii)   Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  Project are available to the Borrower from other
                  sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                  the obligations of the Borrower under this
                  Agreement.
      (g)   The Operational Manual shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived, or other legal provisions
shall have been enacted, so as to affect materially and adversely,
in the opinion of the Association, the carrying out of Parts A and
B of the Project.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
            (i)   the events specified in paragraphs (e) or (g) of
                  Section 6.01  of this Agreement shall occur and
                  shall continue for a period of thirty days after
                  notice thereof shall have been given by the
                  Association to the Borrower;
           (ii)   any event specified in paragraphs (a), (c) and
                  (d) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall
                  occur; and
          (iii)   any event specified in paragraph (f) (i) (B) of
                  Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur,
                  subject to the proviso of paragraph (f) (ii) of
                  that Section.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the SIF Subsidiary Agreement has been entered into
between the Borrower and SIF;
      (b)   that arrangements, satisfactory to the Association, have
been made, in order to make available to FAP and NPO the funds
necessary to carry out Parts C, D and E of the Project,
respectively;
      (c)   that the Operational Manual has been approved by SIF in
form and substance satisfactory to the Association;
      (d)   that the KfW Financing Agreement has been entered into
between the Borrower and KfW, satisfactory to the Association, in an
amount equivalent to $12,000,000, or that alternative arrangements,
satisfactory to the Association, have been made by the Borrower
and/or SIF to cover such funding needs; and
      (e)   that at least $10,700,000 equivalent have been formally
committed by Additional Financiers for the financing of the carrying
Page  9
out of the Project.
      Section 7.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the SIF Subsidiary Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by, and is legally binding upon the Borrower
and SIF in accordance with its terms;
      (b)   that the arrangements referred to in paragraph (b) of
Section 7.01 of this Agreement have been made;
      (c)   that the KfW Financing Agreement (or any alternative
arrangements referred to in Section 7.01 (c) above) has been duly
authorized or ratified by, and is legally binding upon SIF; and
      (d)   that the Operational Manual has been validly adopted by
SIF and is in full force and effect.
      Section 7.03. The date June 12, 1991 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.04. The obligations of the Borrower under
Article III, IV and V of this Agreement shall cease and determine on
the date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate
or on the date twenty years after the date of this Agreement,
whichever shall be the earlier.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de Hacienda y
Credito Publico of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretaria de Estado en el
              Despacho de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  HACIENDA                  1308
                  Tegucigalpa,              Hacienda HO
                  Honduras
      With copies to (with respect to Parts A and B of the
Project):
            Fondo Hondureno de Inversion Social
            Apartado Postal No. 3581
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  10
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Tegucigalpa, Republic of
Honduras , as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                  By /s/ Rafael Leonardo Callejas
                             President of the Republic of Honduras
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                           Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)   (i) Subprojects         1,000,000         90% of amounts
          under Part A,                         disbursed by
          III of the                            SIF for each
          Project; and                          Subproject
                                                for which a
     (ii) other Subpro-      12,430,000         Subproject
          jects under                           Agreement has
          Part A of                             been signed
          the Project                           before Decem-
                                                ber 31, 1992
(2)   Consultants'            130,000           100%
      services under
      Part B of the
      Project and
      training for
      SIF staff
(3)   Auditors'               230,000           100%
      services
Page  11
      for SIF
                            Amount of the
                         Credit Allocated          % of
                           (Expressed in         Expenditures
      Category            SDR Equivalent)       to be Financed
(4)   Goods:                                    100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
      (i) under Part B        150,000           80% of local ex-
          of the Project;                       penditures
          and
     (ii) under Part C         75,000
          of the Project
(5)   Consultants'                              100%
      services:
      (i) under Part C        115,000
          of the Project;
          and
     (ii) under Part E of     170,000
          the Project
                           __________
      TOTAL                14,300,000
                           ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "Training for SIF Staff" means training
expenses for SIF managers and fixed-term technical staff, in amounts
and type of expenditures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 1,430,000, may be made on account of
payments made for expenditures before that date but after November
1, 1990; and
      (b)   payments made in respect of a Subproject, unless the
Subproject is in accordance with the provisions set forth in the
Operational Manual, provided, however, that no new commitments shall
be made by SIF after March 31, 1992, unless the Borrower and SIF
shall have taken the actions referred to in Section 3.06 (b) of this
Agreement.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to support the Borrower's
social program designed to: (i) mitigate the social costs of the
adjustment of the Borrower's economy; (ii) lay the basis for a
program of direct support for the poor and malnourished population
of the Borrower; and (iii) support the improvement of the
capabilities of the ministries of the Borrower responsible for the
Page  12
social sectors.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Subprojects
      Carrying out of the following Subprojects:
               I.  Social Infrastructure Subprojects
      Subprojects by Requesting Entities for: (i) construction,
maintenance and rehabilitation of primary and pre-primary education
centers (including schools), health centers and posts, water and
sewerage systems, public wholesale and retail markets, public
service facilites, collection centers, community laundry facilities,
bridges, drainage and irrigation canals and retention walls; (ii)
rehabilitation of ruins aiming at protecting cultural heritage and
ethnic minorities; (iii) improvement, maintenance and cleaning of
streets and roads; and (iv) forestation and reforestation.
                    II. Basic Needs Subprojects
      Subprojects by Requesting Entities for supporting: (i)
nutrition, through the provision of breakfast in primary and pre-
primary school and breakfast centers (lactarios) and expansion and
diversification of food production in family farm plots; (ii)
health, through training of primary health care staff (traditional
birth attendants, health promoters and health guardians), acquisi-
tion and utilization of furniture and equipment (including cold
chain equipment for vaccination), and development of primary health
care community programs; (iii) education, through the development of
primary and pre-primary programs, acquisition and utilization of
educational materials, libraries and school furniture, and teacher
training; and (iv) development of community programs for ethnic
minorities.
                 III. Informal Sector Subprojects
      Subprojects consisting of the provision of: (i) financing,
with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, for the
expansion of productive and service activities carried out by micro-
enterprises; and (ii) grants for technical assistance, both for
purposes of the establishment or expansion of productive and service
activities to be carried out by micro-enterprises.
            IV. Institutional Strengthening Subprojects
      Subprojects for strengthening the capabilities of the
Requesting Entities in designing and supervising the carrying out of
Subprojects.
Part B:     Institutional Development of SIF
      Strengthening SIF's capabilities through:
I.    the improvement of SIF's ability to promote, design, target
and monitor Subprojects; and
II.   the provision of technical assistance to improve SIF's
institutional capacity, inter alia, in designing its information
system, auditing and evaluating the impact of its operations, and
identifying, preparing, appraising, supervising and promoting
Subprojects.
Part C:     Nutrition Assistance Program
      Support of the FAP of the Borrower, which provides special
protection to women and young children facing nutritional risks,
through the provision of technical assistance, the acquisition and
utilization of vehicles, equipment and materials and the printing of
Page  13
coupons.
Part D:     Social Sector Restructuring Program
      Provision of technical assistance in the areas of
institutional development, social sector planning and improvement of
health and education services, aiming at assisting the Borrower in
the preparation of social sector projects.
Part E:     Living Standards Measurement Program
      Provision of technical assistance for the development of a
monitoring and evaluation system of the intervention of the Borrower
in the social sector, through the carrying out of surveys and
studies on living standards measurement, which shall include, inter
alia, the evaluation of the operations of SIF and the means to
enhance the capacity of MHS to inform the population of the Borrower
of the policy decisions taken in the social sector.
                  *           *           *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1993.
                             SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods and works shall
be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or more and $500,000 or more, respectively.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Honduras may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Except as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Part C, civil
works estimated to cost the equivalent of not more than $500,000 per
contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $23,800,000
equivalent, as well as goods estimated to cost the equivalent of not
more than $250,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
2.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$70,000 equivalent per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $18,300,000 equivalent, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from
a least three local qualified contractors, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association, provided, however, that:
(i) civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$35,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
$10,500,000 equivalent (of which no more than $4,000,000 equivalent
will be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit), may be procured
under contracts awarded through direct contracting, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association, if only one
Page  14
quotation is obtained under the procedures set forth in this
paragraph; and (ii) such direct contracting will not be permitted
if, after any semi-annual review by the Association of the standard
regionalized unit prices adopted by FIS, the Association finds such
prices unreasonable.
3.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $25,000
per contract may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three local
suppliers, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to the first two contracts for civil works
and the first two contracts for goods, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out Parts B, C, D
and E of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
Section III. Special Provisions
A.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
works referred to in Part C.1 of Section I of this Schedule:
1.    Contracts shall be awarded to the lowest evaluated bid in
accordance with criteria set forth in the bidding documents, and
without taking into account, in the evaluation, the financial cost
of foreign exchange components.
2.    Foreign bidders shall not, as a condition for submitting bids,
be required to: (i) be registered in Honduras; (ii) have a
representative in Honduras; (iii) be associated with Honduran
suppliers or contractors; (iv) certify that, in their country of
origin, Honduran suppliers or contractors are allowed to participate
in competitive bidding procedures under equal conditions with other
bidders.
Page  15
3.    No preferences shall be granted to Honduran bidders in the
comparison of bids.
4.    Contracts shall not be divided for the sole purpose of
reducing contract amounts.
B.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Consultants Guidelines, the following
principles of procurement shall expressly govern all
procurement of consultants' services referred to in Section II of
this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants shall be permitted to participate in the
selection process even if there is availability of Honduran
consulants for the services being procured.
2.    Foreign consultants shall not be required to be registered
with Honduran associations or to be associated with Honduran
consulting firms.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means all Categories set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
Page  16
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  17
