Page  1
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2087 UG
                                 Agreement
                                  between
                    GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    for
                    the Administration of Certain Funds
                        to be made available by the
                    GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                            in conjunction with
               Special Program of Assistance for Low Income,
                         Debt-Distressed Countries
                         (The Republic of Uganda)
                          Dated November 7, 1990
                         NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2087 UG
                                 AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT dated as of November 7, 1990, between the GOVERNMENT OF THE
KINGDOM OF NORWAY (hereinafter referred to as Norway) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (hereinafter referred to as the Association).
      Whereas (A) the Association has made available to the Republic of
Uganda (hereinafter referred to as Uganda) a credit for an economic recovery
program (hereinafter referred to as the Program) pursuant to a Development
Credit Agreement, dated February 8, 1990, between Uganda and the Association
(hereinafter referred to as the Development Credit Agreement);
      (B)   Norway wishes to make available a grant in an amount equivalent
to thirty million Norwegian Krone (NOK 30,000,000) to assist Uganda in its
debt service to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(hereinafter referred to as the Bank); and
      (C)   Norway further wishes the Association to administer said funds
until the debt service payments concerned have become due and payable by
Uganda, and the Association has agreed to administer them upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                        Administration of the Funds
      Section 1.01. (a) For the purpose of this Agreement Norway shall
deposit the amount of NOK 30,000,000 (the Grant) in the "T" Account
maintained in the name of the Association with Norges Bank (hereinafter
referred to as the Trust Account). The funds in the Trust Account shall be
Page  2
freely exchangeable by the Association with other currencies as may
facilitate their administration hereunder.
      (b)   The Grant shall be deposited into the Trust Account promptly
after the effectiveness of this Agreement. To facilitate the administration
of trust fund assets, the Association may deposit other trust fund assets
in the Trust Account.
      Section 1.02. Norway hereby appoints the Association as administrator
of the Grant and authorizes the Association to: (a) hold and disburse the
proceeds thereof towards making the payments of principal and interest due
and payable by Uganda to the Bank; and (b) do any and all such acts and
things as may be necessary or appropriate to fully accomplish the foregoing;
provided, however, that in the event the Association shall have suspended
Uganda's right to make withdrawals under the Development Credit Agreement,
the Association may withhold disbursements of the Grant until such right of
Uganda has been restored.
      Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the same care in the
discharge of its functions under this Agreement as it exercises with respect
to the administration and management of its own affairs and shall have no
further responsibility to Norway in respect thereof.
      Section 1.04. The Association may invest and reinvest the Grant in the
Trust Account pending its withdrawal pursuant to Section 1.02 of this
Agreement, and may retain for its own account the income from any such
investment or reinvestment to assist in the defrayal of the costs of
administration of the Grant.
                                ARTICLE II
                             Records, Accounts
      Section 2.01. The Association shall: (a) maintain separate records and
ledger accounts of the Grant withdrawn from the Trust Account; and (b) when
all the Grant has been withdrawn from the Trust Account, prepare a financial
statement duly authorized by the Association's external auditors with
respect to the Trust Account and forward a copy to Norway.
                                ARTICLE III
                               Consultation
      Section 3.01. Norway and the Association shall consult from time to
time at the request of each other on all matters arising from this Agreement
and in particular in case the Association suspends Uganda's right to make
withdrawals under the Development Credit Agreement as provided in Section
1.02 above.
                                ARTICLE IV
                        Effectiveness, Termination
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon signature by
the parties.
      Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either party that the
purposes of this Agreement cannot effectively or appropriately be carried
out, the arrangements set forth herein may be terminated at the initiative
of such party on thirty days' notice in writing to the other. Upon such
termination, unless Norway and the Association otherwise agree, any of the
Grant funds held hereunder by the Association shall be returned to Norway
and the Association's administration shall be considered terminated.
      Section 4.03. This Agreement shall terminate when the Grant has been
withdrawn and applied by the Association as provided in Section 1.02 of this
Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE V
                               Miscellaneous
Page  3
      Section 5.01. This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement
of the parties hereto.
      Section 5.02. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand or mail, telephone, cable, telex or rapidfax to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such request.
The addresses so specified are:
      For Norway:
            The Royal Ministry of
              Foreign Affairs
            P.O. Box 8144 Dep. 0032
            Oslo 1
            Norway
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  NORAD-N                   74256 NORAD-N
                  Oslo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names as of the day and year first above written.
                  GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                  By /s/ Kjeld Vibe
                                                Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                                                   Africa
