Page  1
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2087 UG
             Development Credit Agreement
           (Second Economic Recovery Credit)
                        between
                THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated February 8, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2087 UG
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 8, 1990, between THE
REPUBLIC OF UGANDA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter
dated December 19, 1989 from the Borrower describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
achieve overall recovery of the Borrower's economy
(hereinafter called the Program), declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting assistance from the Association in the
financing of urgently needed imports and services
required during such execution; and
     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to
provide such assistance to the Borrower by making the
Credit in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth
below (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement:
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to
read:
Page  2
          "'Project' means the imports and other
     activities that may be financed out of the proceeds
     of the Credit pursuant to the provisions of
     Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement";
     (b)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Borrower and the
     Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
     to the Association a report, of such scope and in
     such detail as the Association shall reasonably
     request, on the execution of the Program referred
     to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
     Association of their respective obligations under
     the Development Credit Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit"; and
     (c)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by
the United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No.
34/Rev. 3 (1986);
     (b)  "USh" means Uganda Shillings the currency of
the Borrower; and
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
amount in various currencies equivalent to ninety-eight
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
98,100,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Program, open and maintain in dollars, through the Bank
of Uganda a special account in a commercial bank on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1991, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
Page  3
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semiannual installments payable on each
June 1 and December 1, commencing June 1, 2000, and
ending December 1, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 1, 2009,
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
Page  4
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
     Section 2.09. (a) The Bank of Uganda is designated
as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under
the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and
Article V of the General Conditions.
     (b)  Without limitation or restriction to the
foregoing, the Borrower hereby entrusts the Bank of
Uganda with responsibility for the preparation of
withdrawal applications under the Credit and for the
collection of the documents and other evidence to be
furnished to the Association in support of such
applications.
                      ARTICLE III
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association
shall from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the actions specified in Schedule 3 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association for its review
and comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying
out the Program, in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. In order to assist the Bank of Uganda
and relevant ministries of the Borrower to implement and
monitor urgent reform measures to be carried out under
the Program, the Borrower shall employ consultants and
experts whose qualifications, experience and terms and
conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants and experts shall be
selected in accordance with the principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
     Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or
cause to be maintained, records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for the Special Account
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
Page  5
          (ii) furnish to the Association as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the and of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit report
               for the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                      ARTICLE IV
            Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that a situation has arisen which
shall make it improbable that
the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be
carried out.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely, that
the macro-economic policy framework of the Borrower is
consistent with the objectives of the Program.
Page  6
     Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a)
of this Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 8147
          Kampala, Uganda
          Cable address:                Telex:
               FINSEC                   61170
               Kampala
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS             440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.    248423 (RCA) or
                                    64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia,
United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written
               THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA
               By /s/ Stephen K. Katenta-Apuli
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  7
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of Items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1) Goods              95,700,000       100% of foreign
                                        expenditures
(2) Consultants'        2,400,000       100%
    Services
       TOTAL           98,100,000
2.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services
required during the execution of the Program and to be
financed out of such proceeds.
3.   For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Borrower for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower.
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs I and
2 above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of
Category (1) in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule for:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups, or any successor
groups or sub-groups under future revisions to the SITC,
as designated by the Association by notice to the
Borrower:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112            -         Alcoholic beverages
     121            -         Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                              tobacco refuse
     122            -         Tobacco, manufactured
                              (whether or not con-
                              taining tobacco sub-
                              stitutes)
     525            -         Radioactive and
                              associated materials
     667            -         Pearls, precious and
                              semi-precious stones,
                              unworked or worked
     718         718.7        Nuclear reactors,
                              and parts thereof,
                              fuel elements
                              (cartridges), non-
                              irradiated for
                              nuclear reactors
     897         897.3        Jewelry of gold,
                              silver or platinum
Page  8
                              group metals (except
                              watches and watch
                              cases) and
                              goldsmiths' or
                              silversmiths' wares
                              (including set gems)
     971            -         Gold, non-monetary
                              (excluding gold ores and
                              concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or
for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower;
     (c)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of SDR
19,700,000 may be made on account of payments made for
such expenditures before that date but after October 1,
1989;
     (d)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $5,000 equivalent;
     (e)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Association shall
have financed or agreed to finance;
     (f)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; and
     (g)  expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
equivalent to SDR 34,000,000 for petroleum products.
5.   Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of
less than $100,000 may be permitted by the Association
upon the basis of statements of expenditure under such
terms and conditions as the Association shall specify.
6.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit allocated to Category (1) in
the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule,
after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit
withdrawn from Category (1) of the Credit Account and the
total amount of such commitments shall have reached the
equivalent of SDR 54,900,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as
described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on
evidence satisfactory to the Association: (a) with the
progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying out of
the Program; (b) that the macro-economic policy framework
of the Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the
Program; and (c) that the actions described in Schedule
3 to this Agreement have been taken.
7.   If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraph 6 above, the Association shall have given
notice to the Borrower that the progress achieved and
actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90 days
after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved
progress and taken actions satisfactory to the
Association, then the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or
any part thereof.
                      SCHEDULE 2
Page  9
                      Procurement
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be
awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Forum, Business
               Edition; or
          (ii) an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               international circulation; or
         (iii) a notice to local representatives of
               countries and territories referred
               to in the Guidelines, that are
               potential suppliers of the goods
               required.
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price in a
     single currency widely used in international trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of less than $2,000,000 shall be
awarded:
     (a)  by purchasers subject to the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on
the basis of such procedures, provided that such
procedures shall have been found acceptable by the
Association;
     (b)  by other purchasers, in accordance with
established commercial practice, provided that such
contracts shall be awarded on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of quotations obtained from a list of at least
three suppliers from at least two countries, except where
direct contracting is permitted under paragraph 3.5 of
the Guidelines.
3.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
Page  10
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together
with the analysis of the respective bids and recom-
mendations for award, a description of the advertising
and tendering procedures followed and such other
information as the Association shall reasonably request.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may
reasonably request to support withdrawal applications in
respect of such contract.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Schedule, where payments under a contract are
to be made out of the proceeds of the Special Account,
the copies of such contract or the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 of this
Schedule, as the case may be, shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence required under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
6.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 3, 4 and
5 shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
                      SCHEDULE 3
        Actions Referred to in Paragraph 6 (c)
            of Schedule I to this Agreement
1.   The Borrower has prepared and adopted: (a) a revised
Rehabilitation and Development Plan for the fiscal years
1990/91 through 1992/93 and Recurrent and Development
Budgets for the fiscal year 1990/91, all satisfactory to
the Association; and (b) with respect to the fiscal year
1990/91: (i) guidelines, satisfactory to the Association,
relating to the composition of recurrent expenditures;
(ii) non-wage operating and maintenance expenditures in
the agriculture, health and education sectors at levels
satisfactory to the Association; and (iii) a public
investment program, including locally funded development
projects, whose size and composition is satisfactory to
the Association.
2.   The Borrower has adopted and implemented a
comprehensive plan, satisfactory to the Association, for
the liberalization of export-marketing of coffee,
including: (a) the active participation of the private
cooperative sector; (b) administrative arrangements for
export revenue recovery and taxation; (c) trade and tax
incentives to encourage the development of a competitive
export trade, the establishment of a coffee market
intelligence service and institutional arrangements for
the coordination of exporters' handling and storage
requirements at port of shipment; and (d) appropriate
reforms in the Borrower's barter-trade practices for
coffee and other export crops.
3.   The Borrower has adopted and implemented reforms,
satisfactory to the Association, of its tax and tariff
structure, specifying: (a) the levels of sales tax,
excise duties, and customs tariffs to be applied to each
commodity and service; and (b) streamlined drawback or
exemption arrangements for sales tax on production
Page  11
inputs, and for customs tariffs on imported inputs
incorporated in export production.
4.   The Borrower has: (a) replaced licensing
requirements for non-coffee exports with a simplified and
automatic system of renewable export certificates; and
     (b)  commenced to implement, according to a time-
table satisfactory to the Association, a program to
replace export certificates with a comprehensive ex-post
export monitoring system satisfactory to the Association.
5.   The Borrower: (a) has adopted and commenced to
implement a functional rationalization program,
satisfactory to the Association, covering: (i) the
Ministry of Agriculture (ii) the Ministry of Public
Service and Cabinet Affairs; and (iii) two other
ministries identified as having overlapping or
duplicating functions, or where merging of functions is
expected to lead to greater efficiency of resource use;
and (b) has completed the Establishment Register of the
civil service, a payroll number scheme and the
computerization of staff lists by incorporation of the
Teaching Service and local administration.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "Eligible Expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the Eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule I to this Agreement; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of $40,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant
to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account,
               the Borrower shall furnish to the
               Association requests for deposits into
               the Special Account at such intervals as
               the Association shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
Page  12
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower shall have
               requested and as shall have been shown by
               said documents and other evidence to have
               been made out of the Special Account for
               Eligible Expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective Eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
Expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit allocated to the Eligible Categories, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into
by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall
equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the
Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit allocated to the Eligible Categories of the
Project shall follow such procedures as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent
that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Association,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
Page  13
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
