Page  1
                               AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2087 UG
                                 Agreement
                                  between
                         THE GOVERNMENT OF SWEDEN
                     (Second Economic Recovery Credit)
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                    for
                    the Administration of Certain Funds
                          to be made available by
              THE SWEDISH INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                           Dated August 26, 1991
                               AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2087 UG
                                 AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 26, 1991, between the GOVERNMENT OF SWEDEN
(Sweden) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) to
provide for the administration, by the Association, of certain funds to be
made available by Sweden to the Republic of Uganda (Uganda).
      WHEREAS: (A) the administration agreement, dated 18 May 1989, between
Sweden and the Association provides the framework for cofinancing of
development projects by the parties thereto:
      (B)   Sweden wishes to make available to Uganda a grant not exceeding
fifty million Swedish Kroner (SEK 50,000,000) (the Grant) to assist Uganda
in financing the imports needed during the execution of the Economic
Recovery Program (the Program) referred to in the Development Credit
Agreement (Credit 2087-UG) dated February 8, 1990, between Uganda and the
Association (the Development Credit Agreement);
      (C)   Sweden wishes that the proceeds of the Grant should be
incremental to the Development Credit and extended for the same purposes by
the Association pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to administer the Grant upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
Page  2
      Section 1.01. The Association, as Administrator on behalf of Sweden,
shall review and approve withdrawal requests submitted by Uganda for
financing the reasonable cost of goods and services required during the
execution of the program in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 of
the Development Credit Agreement. The amounts to be withdrawn shall not be
repaid and shall bear no interest or other charges.
      Section 1.02. The Association, as Administrator on behalf of Sweden,
shall have the sole responsibility for the supervision of the Project.
      Section 1.03. For the purposes of the Project, the Association will
require Uganda to open and maintain in dollars a special account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Deposits into, and payments out of the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with Schedule 4 of the Development Credit Agreement; it being
understood that the amount of the Authorized Allocation shall be deemed to
be the equivalent of twenty-five million Swedish kroner (SEK 25,000,000).
      Section 1.04. The Association shall exercise the same care in the
discharge of its functions under this Agreement as it exercises with respect
to the administration and management of its own affairs and shall have no
further responsibility to Sweden in respect thereof.
                                ARTICLE II
      Section 2.01. (a) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sweden shall
deposit an amount of fifty million Swedish Kroner (SEK 50,000,000) in one
tranche in a general account with the Sveriges Riksbank in the name of the
Association (the T-Account).
      (b)   The funds in the T-Account shall be freely exchangeable by the
Association with other currencies as may facilitate their administration.
      Section 2.02. The Association shall disburse from the T-Account such
amounts as from time to time shall be needed to meet the reasonable costs
of goods financed, or to be financed, pursuant to Section 1.01 of this
Agreement. Such disbursement shall be effected on the basis of withdrawal
applications for eligible expenditures submitted by Uganda to the
Association, in accordance with the Association's normal procedures for
withdrawal of proceeds of credits made by the Association.
      Section 2.03. In order to assist in defraying of the costs of
administration and other expenses incurred by the Association under this
Agreement, the Association may invest and reinvest the funds in the T-
Account, pending their disbursement to Uganda, and may retain for its own
account the income from any such investment or reinvestment.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1992, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify Uganda of such later date.
                                ARTICLE III
      Section 3.01. (a) The Association shall: (i) maintain separate records
and accounts in respect of the funds in the T-Account disbursed by the
Association pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement; and (ii) furnish
on a quarterly basis to Sweden a statement of account on such records and
accounts.
      (b)   Promptly after all funds made available under this Agreement
have been disbursed from the T-Account to Uganda, or upon termination of
this Agreement, the Association shall cause such records and accounts to be
audited and certified by the Association's external auditors and shall
furnish the report of such audit by said auditors to Sweden.
                                ARTICLE IV
      Section 4.01. Sweden and the Association shall consult from time to
time at the request of each other on all matters arising out of this
Agreement.
      Section 4.02. The Association shall keep Sweden informed of the
Page  3
progress of the Program. To that end, the Association shall furnish to
Sweden all relevant progress, performance and assessment reports related to
the Program.
      Section 4.03. The Association shall inform Sweden of any forthcoming
major missions and meetings in connection with the Program and shall afford
representatives of Sweden the opportunity to participate in such missions
and meetings.
      Section 4.04. The Association shall inform Sweden of any proposed
significant modification to the Development Credit Agreement and shall
afford Sweden a reasonable opportunity to exchange views with the
Association before effecting any such modification.
                                 ARTICLE V
      Section 5.01. The Swedish International Development Authority, SIDA,
shall be competent to represent Sweden for the application of this
Agreement.
                                ARTICLE VI
      Section 6.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon signature
and, subject to the provisions of this Article, shall continue in effect
until 31 December 1992 or until all funds made available under this
Agreement have been disbursed from the T-Account to Uganda and all other
formalities incidental thereto have been completed.
      Section 6.02. If at any time it appears to either party that the
purposes of this Agreement can no longer effectively or appropriately be
carried out, this Agreement may be terminated at the initiative of such
party on ninety (90) days notice in writing.
      Section 6.03. Upon termination of this Agreement, unless the parties
agree on another course of action, any funds of Sweden held hereunder by the
Association shall be returned to Sweden, and the Association's
administration shall be considered terminated.
                                ARTICLE VII
      Section 7.01. This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement
of the parties hereto.
      Section 7.02. Any notice or request required or permitted to be given
or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the parties
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it shall be delivered
by hand, mail, fax, cable or telex to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified
or at such other addresses as such party shall have designated by notice to
the party giving such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For Sweden:
            Swedish International Development Authority
            S-105 25 Stockholm
            Sweden
            Telephone:  8-728 51 00
            Telex:  SIDA 11450
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H. Street N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            U.S.A.
            Telex:   197688 (ITT)
                     248423 (RCA)
Page  4
                      64145 (WUI)
                      82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned duly authorized thereto, have
signed this Agreement.
            GOVERNMENT OF SWEDEN
            By /s/ Percy Westerlund
            Date August 22, 1991
            INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            By /s/ Callisto Madavo
            Date August 26, 1991
