Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3751 ME
                            Guarantee Agreement
            (Second Water Supply and Sanitation Sector Project)
                                  between
                           UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                            Dated June 10, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3751 ME
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 10, 1994, between the UNITED MEXICAN STATES (the
Guarantor) and the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios
Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the Bank and
the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower a loan in
various currencies equivalent to three hundred and fifty million Dollars
($350,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations
of the Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake such other
obligations as set forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such
obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such other obligations as set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee
Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the modifications set
forth in Schedule 7 to the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                       Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to
this end, shall carry out Part B.1 of the Project through CNA and Part B.2
of the Project through IMTA, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with sound technical, financial, administrative, environmental
and managerial standards and in a manner consistent with the Program.
Without limitation or restriction upon any of its other obligations under
the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees,
as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment
of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the
premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance
of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be provided,
in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
                                ARTICLE III
                              Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and, except
as the Bank may otherwise agree, shall not amend or fail to enforce any
provision of such contractual arrangements.  The Guarantor shall: (a)
exercise its rights under such contractual arrangements in such manner as
to protect the interests of the Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the
purposes of the Loan; and (b) comply with its obligations thereunder. The
Guarantor shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition which interferes
or threatens to interfere with the performance by the Guarantor of its
obligations under such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall assist Operating
Agencies in carrying out the institutional development component of
Subprojects and, together with the Borrower, shall supervise the Operating
Agencies' execution of Subprojects. The Guarantor, through CNA, shall assist
Operating Agencies in preparing Subprojects upon specific request therefor.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Guarantor, through CNA with respect to Part B.1
of the Project and through IMTA with respect to Part B.2 of the Project,
shall maintain records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the resources and expenditures
in connection with said Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through CNA with respect to Part B.1 of the
Project and through IMTA with respect to Part B.2 of the Project, shall:
                (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                      paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal year
                      audited, in accordance with generally accepted
                      auditing standards and procedures consistently
                      applied, by independent and qualified auditors;
Page  3
               (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any
                      case not later than six months after the end of each
                      such year, a certified copy of the report of such
                      audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                      detail as the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
                      and
              (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information concerning
                      said records and accounts as well as the audit
                      thereof as the Bank shall from time to time
                      reasonably request.
    (c)   For all expenditures with respect to Parts B.1 and B.2 of the
Project for which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, or for all such expenditures with respect to
which withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall
provide to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow the
Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Section 5.01 of the
Loan Agreement.
    Section 3.04. Throughout the course of Project implementation, and even
in cases where state or municipal jurisdiction would otherwise apply, the
Guarantor, through CNA shall ensure that the Environmental Preventive
Reports or, when required, environmental impact assessments, are prepared,
approved and applied in accordance with the terms of the Guarantor's
Environmental Protection Law.
    Section 3.05. With regard to Part B.1 (c) of the Project, the Guarantor,
through CNA, shall throughout the course of Project implementation:
    (a)   prepare annual comprehensive reports on the progress of such Part
of the Project, which reports shall include quantitative indicators on the
status of pollution control, a progress report on Mexican river basin
studies, and a progress report on the preparation of a water quality
laboratory certification program; and
    (b)   prepare semiannual reports on the volumes of municipal wastewater
treated in Mexico.
    Section 3.06. The Guarantor, through IMTA, shall carry out Part B.2 (a)
of the Project in accordance with the program contained in Annex D of the
WSS Implementation Letter, as updated annually in a manner satisfactory to
the Bank.
    Section 3.07. Throughout the course of Project implementation, reports
on Project progress (including those referred to in Section 3.05 of this
Agreement) shall be prepared by the Guarantor, through CNA, and furnished
to the Borrower on the dates and in the manner set forth in Annex B of the
WSS Implementation Letter.
    Section 3.08. (a) The Guarantor, through CNA, IMTA and SHCP, shall
participate in periodic reviews of Project implementation to be held in
conjunction with the Bank and the Borrower each month of March and November
during Project implementation, beginning in November 1994. Each such review
shall, based inter alia on the reports referred to in Section 3.07 of this
Agreement and in Section 4.07 of the Loan Agreement, examine the status of
Project implementation and: (i) in the case of each March review, without
limitation of other topics, concentrate on an examination of Memoranda of
Understanding to be implemented during the year of the review and on
updating the annual plans and targets referred to in Section 3.05 of this
Agreement and paragraph (b) below; and (ii) in the case of each November
review, without limitation of other topics, concentrate on joint preparation
by the Guarantor and the Borrower of a plan of action, satisfactory to the
Bank, to be carried out or caused to be carried out by the Guarantor (with
respect to Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project) during the immediately
subsequent fiscal year, as well as on the Guarantor's and its states' water
supply and sanitation sector proposed budgets for such subsequent year.
    (b)   The Guarantor, through CNA, IMTA and SHCP, shall participate in
a Project implementation midterm review to be held with the Bank and the
Borrower as part of a review to be held in 1996. Such midterm review shall
be carried out on the basis of terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank,
Page  4
including, in particular, a review of the progress made in meeting the
targets set forth in Annex E to the WSS Implementation Letter, as adjusted
annually in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a) above. If such
progress should, in the opinion of the Bank, fall substantially short of the
targets, the Bank may, without limitation upon its other remedies under this
Agreement, require such reformulation of the Project and the manner of its
implementation as it may deem necessary to meet the objectives of the
Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement.
    Section 3.09. The Guarantor, through CNA with respect to Part B.1 of the
Project and through IMTA with respect to Part B.2 of the Project, shall
carry out or cause to be carried out the obligations set forth in Sections
9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9,07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating
respectively to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition) with respect to Parts
B.1 and B.2 of the Project.
                                ARTICLE IV
                Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
    Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of the Secretaria
de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Guarantor is designated as
representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
    Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the purposes of
Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
    For the Guarantor:
          Direccion General de Credito Publico
          Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
          Oficina 4037
          06066 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
                                        Telex:
                                              1777313-SHOCME
    For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
                INTBAFRAD                     248423 (RCA)
                Washington, D.C.              82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              197688 (TRT)
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their duly
authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United States of America, as
of the day and year first above written.
                      UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                      By /s/ Guillermo Ortiz Martinez
                                                Authorized Representative
Page  5
                      INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                      By /s/ Shahid Javed Burki
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                          Latin America and the Caribbean
