Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3082 UR
                    Loan Agreement
         (Second Technical Assistance Project)
                        between
            REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 19, 1989
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3082 UR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
Page  2
  AGREEMENT, dated July 19, 1989, between REPUBLICA
ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY ( the  Borrower)  and  INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) .
  WHEREAS  the Borrower,  having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority  of the Project described in
Schedule 2  to this Agreement, has requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of the Project;
  WHEREAS the has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of
the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth  - this Agreement;
  NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the  several  terms  defined in the General
Conditions have the respective meanings therein set forth
and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account"  means the account referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Banco Central" means Banco Central del
Uruguay,  the Borrower's Central Bank;
     (c)  "BPS" means Banco de Prevision Social, the
Borrower's Social  Security Bank,  the  administrator of
the Borrower's Invalidez, Vejez y Supervivencia
disability, old age and survival system;
     (d)  "Office" means Oficina de Planeamiento y
Presupuesto, the Office of Planning and Budgeting of the
Borrower's Presidency;
     (e)  "CEO" means the Chief Executive Officer of each
of the banks involved in the Restructuring, as the term
is defined in (j) below:
     (f)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means each of the
loan agreements to be entered into by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement;
     (g)  "Inter-Administrative Agreement" means the
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and BPS
pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
     (h)  "Restructuring Agreement" means each of the
agreements to be entered into between Corporacion and
each commercial bank referred to in (i) below, as per the
commitment to be made by Corporacion under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement between the Borrower and Corporacion
pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement;
     (i)  "BROU" means Banco de la Republica Oriental del
Uruguay, a commercial bank wholly owned by the Borrower
that as of March 1, 1989 was, or intended to be, the
majority shareholder of the commercial banks referred to
Page  3
in (j) below and under Part E of the Project, and that
after the paying-in by Corporacion (as the term is
defined below) of the shares of each of said banks to be
subscribed by Corporacion in meeting the conditions
stipulated to in paragraph 5 (a) (i) of Schedule 1 to the
SAL Loan Agreement (as the term is defined below), shall
become the only, or the largest, as the case may be,
minority shareholder of each of the said banks; and
"Corporacion" means the Borrower's Corporacion Nacional
para el Desarrollo, a public law entity established by
the Borrower Law No. 15785, as amended and Article 603 of
Law No. 15,903 whose share of authorized capital stock
may belong to the Borrower or other legal entities within
the public sector in a proportion of not more than 60% of
said authorized capital and that, after the paying-in of
shares by Corporacion referred to above have been taken,
shall become the majority shareholder of each of the said
banks;
     (j)  "Restructuring" means a plan for the financial
and managerial rehabilitation, and streamlining, of the
three viable commercial banks operating in the Borrower's
territory which are part of the banks mentioned in
Chapter I, Paragraph 26 of the Program and are mentioned
under Part E of the Project, with a view to their
privatization, all as more substantially detailed in the
letter to the Bank dated May 17, 1989, from the Director
of the Office, referred to in the preamble to the SAL
Loan Agreement;
     (k)  "Adjustment" means an adjustment mechanism for
certain Subsidiary Loan Agreements, as follows: promptly
after the Closing Date, representatives of the Borrower
and each of Banco Central, and BROU will meet to
determine the sum,  if any,  which  the Borrower shall
pay to each such entity or which such entity will pay to
the Borrower,  as the case may be,  as compensation for
differences between  the amounts actually paid by such
entity on account of principal  interest and other
charges  under  the corresponding Subsidiary Loan
Agreement before the Closing Date, and amounts that would
have been actually payable by such entity if the
variations  in the determination of the  Loan's  share
referred to in paragraph (d) of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions during the period beginning with the
first disbursement from the Loan Account for purposes of
the corresponding Part of the Project the and ending the
Closing Date would have been taken into account when
making the actual payment in question.
     (l)  SAL Loan Agreement" means the loan agreement
between the Borrower and the Bank (Second Structural
adjustment Loan), dated July 19, 1989, and "Program"  has
the same meaning stipulated in the Preamble to, and
Section 1.02 of  the SAL Loan Agreement;
     (m)  "Table" means  the table set forth in paragraph
1  of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement,  as amended from
time to time pursuant to Sect.on 5.04  of the General
Conditions,  or by agreement between the Borrower and the
Bank; and
     (o)  Coordinator"  means  a person whose  experience
and qualifications are satisfactory to the Borrower and
the Bank, and whose  services have been hired by
Corporacion pursuant  to paragraph 5 (a) (iv) of Schedule
1 to the SAL Loan Agreement with the main function of
coordinating  he activities of the CEOs.
                      ARTICLE II
Page  4
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement,  various  currencies
that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the
amount of six million five hundred thousand dollars
($6,500,000), being the sum of withdrawals of the
proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued by the
Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or,  if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods  and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2  to  this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall,  for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in Banco Central on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of,  the
Special Account shall be made  in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be December
31, 1992 or such later date as  the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a) The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum above the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings for the last Semester ending prior to the
commencement of such Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of  the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)   "Interest Period"  means  the  six-month
                period commencing on each date specified
                in Section 2 06 of this Agreement,
                including the Interest Period in which
                this Agreement is signed.
          (ii)  "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
                cost of the outstanding borrowings of
                the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
                expressed as a percentage per annum  as
                reasonably determined by the Bank.
        (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or
                the second six months of a calendar
                year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on February l and August 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
Page  5
principal amount of the Loan in accordance with the
amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.08. The Director of the Office or the
person or persons respectively authorized by such
Director in writing, are designated as representatives of
the Borrower for purposes of taking any action required
or permitted to be taken under t he provisions  of
Section 2.02 and of Article V of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01.  (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end  shall
carry out the Project through the Office with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative and financial practices and in
collaboration with BPS in respect of Part A of the
Project, BROU,in respect of ParT F of the Project, Banco
Central, in respect of Parts D and G of the Project, and
Corporacion, in respect of Part E of the Project,  and
shall provide,  promptly as needed,  the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the
Loan allocated from time to time under sub-Categories (c)
of Categories (1) and (2) of the Table to Banco Central,
those allocated under sub-Categories  (d) and (h) of,
respectively,  Categories (1) and (2) of the Table to
BROU, and those allocated under sub-Categories (d)
through (g) of Category (2) of the Table to Corporacion,
under loan agreements  to be entered into between the
Borrower and, respectively, Banco Central, BROU and
Corporacion, all under terms and conditions which shall
have been approved by the Bank and which,  inter alia,
shall include financial terms and conditions which (i)
shall reflect as closely as possible (A) the financial
terms  and conditions  of the Loan and which shall treat
all payments made under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement as
provisional, and subject to Adjustment, except in the
case of Corporacion to whom the corresponding relending
shall be denominated and payable in the dollar equivalent
of the amounts of the Borrower's currency determined as
of the date of each disbursement thereunder, and (B) the
applicable provisions of Sections 3.02, 3.03 and 4.01 or
4.02 (as the case may be) of, and Schedule 4 to, this
Agreement, and (ii) in the case of Corporacion only,
shall include the commitment of Corporacion to enter into
a Restructuring Agreement with each of the commercial
banks involved in the Restructuring on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank which,  inter alia,
shall provide for the relending to each such bank of the
corresponding portion of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time under Sub-Category (e)  or
(f) or (g),  as the case may be,  of Category (2)  of the
Table and relent to Corporacion under the applicable
Subsidiary Loan Agreement,  on the same terms and
conditions applicable to Corporacion under such
Subsidiary Loan Agreement
     (c)  The  Borrower  shall make  the proceeds  of the
Loan Allocated from time to time under sub-Categories (a)
of Categories (l) and (2) of the Table available to BPS
as a grant under an Inter-administrative agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and BPS, on terms and
Page  6
conditions which shall have been approved by the Bank and
which shall detail the mechanisms for participation of
BPS in Part A of the Project and the commitments of the
Borrower, to be fulfilled through the Office, and of BPS
that would enable the Borrower to carry out said Parts of
the Project.
     (d)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
each of the Subsidiary Loan Agreements and
Inter-Administrative Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree,  the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive any of the Subsidiary
Loan Agreements or of the Grant Agreement or any
provision thereof.
     Section 3.02.  (a)  Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and
consultants'  services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions  of Schedule 4  to  this
Agreement
     (b)  the Borrower shall through Corporacion  ensure
that all the consultants to be hired by each of the
commercial banks involved in the Restructuring under
Parts E (2), (3) or (4) of the Project, are hired not
later  than one hundred twenty days from the date in
which the applicable CEO begins to discharge the
functions provided  for under  the contract between such
CEO and the applicable commercial bank entered into
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 5 (a) (ii) of
Schedule 1 to the SAL Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The Borrower shall through Corporacion, ensure
that the Coordinator is hired not later than sixty days
from the date on which at least two CEOs have begun to
discharge their functions as provided for under the
corresponding contract between each CEO and the
applicable commercial bank to be entered into pursuant to
the provisions of the SAL Loan Agreement referred to in
paragraph (b) of this Section.
     Section 3.03.  (a) Without in any way limiting the
generality of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions,
and with respect of each of the studies included in the
Project, the Borrower and the Bank shall:
          (i)   exchange views during the execution of
                each such study,  at  the request of
                each party,  on the substantive  aspects
                covered by the  study in question; and
         (ii)   upon presentation thereof to the
                Borrower,  and subsequent transmittal to
                the Bank,  discuss the findings  and
                recommendations  of each  report
                submitted to  the Borrower Dy the
                corresponding consultant or consultants
                the action planned to be taken by  the
                Borrower on  the  basis  of such
                recommendations,  and the estimated
                timetable there for.
     (b)  The study included in Part G of  the  Project
and discussions referred to in (ii) of paragraph (a) of
this Section, shall be completed by July,  1991 and,
promptly thereafter,  the Borrower shall furnish to the
Bank a plan of the action, if any, including a time table
there for, intended to be taken in respect of the
different matters covered in the studies in question.
Page  7
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices  the  operations, resources and expenditures in
respect of the Project of the departments or agencies of
the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)   have  the  records and accounts
                referred to  in paragraph (a) of this
                Section, including those for the Special
                Account, for each fiscal year audited,
                in accordance with appropriate auditing
                principles consistently applied,  by
                independent auditors acceptable to the
                Bank;
         (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as
                available, but in any case not later
                than four months after the end of each
                such year, the report of such audit by
                said auditors, of such scope and in such
                detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                requested; and
        (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other
                information concerning said records and
                accounts and the audit thereof as  the
                Bank shall  from  time  to time
                reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on  the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall;
          (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                accordance with paragraph (a)  of this
                Section,  records and accounts
                reflecting such expenditures;
         (ii)   retain or cause to be retained, until at
                least one year after the Bank has
                received the audit report for the fiscal
                year in which the last withdrawal from
                the Loan Account was made,  all  records
                (contracts, orders,  invoices, bills,
                receipts and other documents) evidencing
                such expenditures;
        (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to
                examine such records; and
         (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts
                are included in the annual audit
                referred to in paragraph (b) of this
                Section and that the report of such
                audit contains a separate opinion by
                said auditors as to whether the
                statements of expenditure submitted
                during  such  fiscal year,  together
                with  the procedures and internal
                controls involved in their preparation,
                can be relied upon to support the
Page  8
                related withdrawals.
     Section 4.02.  (a) The Borrower shall cause
Corporacion and, through Corporacion, each of the
commercial banks involved in the Restructuring,  to
maintain, without limitation or restriction to the
provisions of Section 4.01 of this Agreement,  records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the respective operations and
financial condition of Corporacion and each of such
banks.
     (b)  The Borrower shall cause Corporacion,  and
through Corporacion each of the aforesaid banks to:
          (i)   have  their  respective  records,
                accounts  and financial statements
                (balance sheets, statements of income
                and expenses and related statements)
                for each fiscal year audited,  in
                accordance with appropriate  auditing
                principles  consistently applied, by
                independent auditors acceptable to the
                Bank; and
         (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as
                available, but in any case not later
                than four months after the end of each
                such year:  (A)  certified copies of its
                financial statements for such year as so
                audited, and (B) the report of such
                audit by said auditors, of such scope
                and in such detail as the Bank shall
                have reasonably requested.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01   Pursuant to Section 6.0-2 (k)  of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  Banco Central, Corporacion or BROU shall have
failed to comply with  any of  their obligations  under
the  respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement or BPS shall
have failed to comply with any of its obligations under
the Inter-Administrative Agreement;
     (b)  Corporacion or any of the commercial banks
referred to in paragraph (b) (ii) of Section 3.01 of this
Agreement shall have failed to comply with any of their
respective obligations under the  applicable
Restructuring Agreement,  or any Restructuring Agreement
or any provision thereof shall have been assigned,
amended, abrogated or waived, without the Bank's
concurrence;
     (c)  the contract between each CEO and the
corresponding bank with which a Restructuring Agreement
has been entered into, to be executed and delivered
pursuant to the provisions of the SAL Loan Agreement,
shall have been  terminated without  the  Bank's
concurrence; and
     (d)  a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part
thereof directly related to the execution of any of the
parts of  the Project,  will be carried out.
Page  9
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01  (h)  ~f the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified, namely, that any of the events specified in
paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of
Section 5.01  of this Agreement Shall occur and shall
continue for a period of 60 days after notice thereof
shall gave been given by the Bank to the Borrower.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The  following event  is  specified
as  an additional condition to the effectiveness of the
Loan Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of
the General Conditions, namely,  that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement between the Borrower and Corporacion has been
executed and delivered.
     Section 6.02.  The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions   to be included in the
opinion or opinions  to be furnished to the Bank, namely,
that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement referred to in Section
6.01 has been duly authorized or ratified by, and
executed and delivered on behalf of, each of the Borrower
and Corporacion and is  legally binding on the Borrower
and Corporacion in accordance with the terms thereof.
     Section 6.03.  The date of  October 19, 1989 is
hereby specified for  the purposes  of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Minister of Economy and Finance
of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministerio de Economia y Finanzas
          Colonia 1089
          Montevideo, Uruguay
          Cable address:                Telex:
                MINECON                 6269 MINECON UY
                Montevideo, Uruguay
          with copy to:
                Sr. Director-Oficina de Planeamiento y
                    Presupuesto Presidencia de la
Republica
                Edificio Libertad
                Montevideo, Uruguay
                Cable address:          Telex:
Page  10
                DICOPRE                UY 22280 DICOPRE
          For the Bank:
                International Bank for
                    Reconstruction and Development
                1818 H Street, N.W.
                Washington, D.C. 20433
                United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex
                INTBAFRAD               440098 (ITT),
                Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia United States of
America,  as of the day and year first above written.
                REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                By /s/ Carlos Steneri
                              Authorized Representative
                INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                By /s/ Shahid S. Husain
                              Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Withdrawal of he Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,  the
allocation of the amounts  of the  Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                      Amount of the
                     Loan Allocated          of %
                      (Expressed in          Expenditures
     Category      Dollar Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)  Goods for:
Page  11
     (a)  Part A of      1,000,000  )
          the Project               )
     (b)  Parts B and      300,000  )
          C of the                  )    100% of
foreign
          Project                   )    expenditures and
                                    )    80% of local
     (c)  Part D of        100,000  )    expenditures
          the Project               )
                                    )
     (d)  Part F of        600,000       50% of foreign
          the Project                    expenditures
          Project
(2)  Consultants'
     services and
     training for:
     (a)  Part A of        200,000  )
          the Project               )
                                    )
     (b)  Parts B and C    275,000  )    80% of local
          of the Project            )    expenditures
                                    )    for services
of
     (c)  Parts D and G    480,000  )    consultants re-
          of the Project            )    siding within
                                    )    the territory of
                                    )    the
     (d)  Part E (1) of             )    Borrower and
          the Project               )    other training
                                    )    expenditures
     (e)  Part E of        300,000  )    100% of foreign
          the Project               )    expenditures
for
                                    )    services of
                                    )    other
     (f)  Part E (3)                )    consultants and
          of the Project            )    other training
                                    )    expenditures
     (g)  Part E (4) of    300,000  )
          the Project               )
                                    )
     (h)  Part F of        880,000  )
          the Project               )
(3)  Unallocated            1,090,000
     TOTAL                  6,500,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:  (a) payments
made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement,  except that withdrawals,  in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$700 000,  may be  made  on account of payments made  for
expenditures before that date but after January 15, 1989;
Page  12
and
     (b)  expenditures under the Parts of the Project
listed below and the corresponding sub-Categories of
Categories (1) and (2) of the Table also listed below,
unless the Bank has been furnished with evidence
satisfactory to the Bank that each of the agreements
listed below, in respect of said Parts and sub-Categories
has been entered into on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank; provided,  however,  that,
where expressly indicated below,  such evidence shall
include a legal opinion from counsel acceptable to the
Bank showing,  on behalf of each of the parties to  the
agreement  in question,  that  said agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and
delivered on behalf of, the party in question ar.d is
legally binding upon said party in accordance with its
terms:
         (i)   under Part A of the Project and
               sub-Category (a) of Category (1) and
               sub-Category (a) of Category (2), the
               Inter-Administrative Agreement;
        (ii)   under Parts D and G of the Project and
               sub-Category (c)  of each of Category
               (1)  and Category  (2), Subsidiary Loan
               Agreement between the Borrower and Banco
               Central;
       (iii)   under Part E (2) of the Project and
               sub-Category (e)  of Category  (2),  a
               Restructuring Agreement between
               Corporacion and Banco Pan de Azucar and
               legal opinions;
        (iv)   under Part E (3) of the Project and
               sub-Category (f)  of Category  (2),  a
               Restructuring Agreement between
               Corporacion and Banco Comercial and legal
               opinions;
         (v)   under Part E (4) of the Project and sub-
               Category (g)  of Category  (2),  a
               Restructuring Agreement between
               Corporacion and Banco La Caja Obrera and
               legal opinions; and
        (vi)   under Part F of the Project and
               sub-Categories (do and (h) of Category
               (1) and (2),  respectively,  a Subsidiary
               Loan Agreement between the Borrower and
               BROU.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to strengthen
effective competition in domestic banking activities,  to
improve  the regulatory framework of,  and Banco
Central's supervision over, said activities,  and to
attain further rationalization of the social  security
system,  improvement  of  the public  sector
administration  and more  comprehensive  public
investment programming .
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Bank may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
Page  13
objectives:
Part A:   Social Security Finances Administration
1.   Acquisition, installation and utilization by BPS of
computer equipment and software for the establishment of
modernized and tightened controls in revenue collections
through, inter alia, in situ inspecting record
cross-checking and verification of under payments or late
payments.
2.   Acquisition and utilization by BPS of consultant
services for the design of the corresponding programs for
purposes of 1 above.
Part B:     Tax Administration
     Acquisition and utilization of computer equipment
and software to make further improvements in the
automatization of processing and simplification of
reporting for purposes of value added, consumption and
net worth, and corporate taxes, upgrading of the Tax
Bureau's supervision and auditing, and centralizing tax
Part C:     Public Investment Programming
1.   Strengthening of the Office so as to enhance further
its capacity to analyze, program and monitor investments
as well as its capacity to provide guidance to other
public agencies in the preparation and evaluation of new
investment projects.  This Part of the Project will
include the acquisition and utilization of computer
equipment and software for the Office and the hiring of
the services of experts that will be attached to the
Offices; and a program of training fellowships and
in-house seminars with the support of foreign instructors
for Office staff.
2.   Strengthening of the structure and procedures used
by the Borrower's   main implementing agencies to
identify,  prepare, select and follow-up on projects;
3.   Improvements in budgetary procedures and their
relationship to programming public  investments  over a
multi-year period framework.
4.   Analysis of the institutional framework and
procedures for determining the level and composition of
public investment in each sector, Monitoring projects
under execution, and preparing of new projects
5.   Development of performance contracts,  or other
performance evaluation systems for public sector
enterprises, or both.
Part D:     Supervision of Commercial Banks
1.   Upgrading the skills of Banco Central's staff which
will implement its superintendency functions, by
increasing the number of inspections,  and reviewing the
auditing standards and the performance of external
auditors, all with a view to meeting the new
international standards adopted by the Banco Central.
2.   For purposes of 1 above,  the following activities
will be undertaken:  (a) training of Banco Central's
supervision staff, as detailed in 3 below  (b)  reviewing
the computerized reporting system to improve commercial
banks' reporting and upgrade auditing procedures;  (c)
introduction of new computer models to evaluate
commercial banks'  financial position;  and (d)
Page  14
acquisition and utilization by Banco Central of
microcomputers and peripherals, teachings aids and
reference materials.
3.   The training program for 2  (a) above will comprise:
(a) a program of  in-house  seminars,  with the  support
of foreign instructors,  to train the new inspectors as
well as upgrade the skills of those already on the job in
such areas as risk assessment,  solvency ratios  and
adequacy of net worth,  portfolio analysis,
provisioning,  asset and liability management,  foreign
exchange risk management, and the main elements to pursue
in computerized and in situ inspections;  (b) improve the
capabilities for evaluation of computerized reports and
detecting reporting errors,  and utilization of new
computer models referred to in (2)  (c)  above;  (c)
participation of supervision personnel in courses  and/or
seminars  conducted by other central banks or regulatory
agencies;  (d) acquisition and utilization of services of
foreign specialists  to participate as instructors in
three seminars to be held annually in Banco Central to
discuss selected subjects of Banco Central's bank
superintendency functions; and (e) coordination with CND
for training under Part E.1 (d).
Part E:     Restructuring
     Strengthening of the capabilities of the  staff of
Banco Central, Corporacion and Banco Pan de Azucar, Banco
Comercial and Banco La Caja Obrera which will be involved
in the Restructuring, in particular, in respect of (a)
Restructuring coordination and supervision at the
Government's level through Corporacion and Banco Central,
(b) the design of Restructuring programs for each of the
said banks by the corresponding CEO and advisory team to
cover financial, managerial, operating and staffing
improvements, and (c) the enhancement of the managerial
and professional skills of the staff of the said banks,
as required to enable the achievement of the objectives
of the programs referred to in (b) above.  The aforesaid
will be attained by means of the activities listed in 1
through 4 below.
1.   Acquisition and utilization of services of the
Coordinator, and other consultants, as necessary, to
enable Corporacion: (a) to coordinate all actions,
particularly in respect of portfolio selection,
classification and collection, and bank privatization,
taken or to be taken by the CEOs; (b) to advise the CEOs
and their teams on measures,  including financial,
legal,  managerial and operational measures, within the
Restructuring for preparing and implementing the
rehabilitation and streamlining operations of the
applicable  bank of  those mentioned below;  (c)  to
provide independent diagnoses to the Office and Banco
Central on the status of the Restructuring; and (d) to
provide, in coordination with Banco Central,  training to
staff of the banks mentioned below,  through seminars  in
the most critical areas of credit, asset risk assessment
and liabilities management, foreign exchange risks,
financial analysis, portfolio supervision and debt
recovery and novel management practices.
2.   Acquisition and utilization by Banco Pan de Azucar
of the services of a CEO and of a team of qualified and
experienced advisors that will support and make possible
the CEO's performance under the corresponding contract
with Banco Pan de Azucar,  and training by said CEO and
team, and through the participation in the seminars
referred to in 1 above, of the staff of Banco Pan de
Azucar in light of the requirements of its rehabilitation
and privatization under the Restructuring.
Page  15
3.   Acquisition and utilization by Banco  Comercial  of
the services of a CEO and of a team of qualified and
experienced advisors that will support and make possible
the CEO's performance under the corresponding contract
with Banco Comercial, and training by said CEO and team,
and through the participation in the seminars referred to
in 1 above, of the staff of Banco Comercial in light of
the requirements of its rehabilitation and privatization
under the Restructuring.
4.   Acquisition and utilization by Banco La Caja Obrera
of the services of a CEO and of a team of qualified and
experienced advisors that will support and make possible
the CEO's performance under the corresponding contract
with Banco La Caja Obrera, and training by said CEO and
team, and through the participation in the seminars
referred to in 1 above, of the staff of Banco La Caja
Obrera in light of the requirements of its rehabilitation
and privatization under the Restructuring.
Part F:     Modernization of BROU
1.   Development of a comprehensive and integrated
management and financial information system by means of
the following activities: (a)  Definition of the scope of
the information systems to be introduced, including:
undertaking a requirements definition study for planning,
budgeting, control and operations in all areas of BROU;
identifying areas for improvements and information
necessary for more effective functioning of BROU,  and
quantifying the expected benefits to be derived from
their implementation and establishing priorities for
action; and (b) implementation of the information system
strategy  including  the  acquisition and utilization of
the computer equipment and software required there for
and the following activities:  (i) defining the major
elements  of  application  systems  necessary  for
integrated operations;  (ii)  assessing the institutional
capacity .o absorb the new technology and distribution of
data processing,  and analysis capabilities,  as
required,  and recommending a phased implementation
program; (iii) recommending software packages which would
support  the  information  systems  architecture,  and,
commensurate with the recommended software, defining the
computing equipment,  hardware and communication links
required for timely and effective processing and
dissemination of data;  and  (iv) reviewing BROU's data
processing section and recommending new organization
responsibilities.
2.   Development of a training program through ad-hoc
seminars, domestic and abroad, and acquisition and
utilization of teaching aids,  reference materials  and
other  equipment,  all  to be coordinated by a training
unit to he established in BROU and for purposes of:  (a)
upgrading BROU staff skills  in overall bank management,
lending operations and supervision thereof, planning and
financial management, and liability management; (b)
improving accounting and auditing standards;  (c)
upgrading the quality of management systems;  and  (d)
introduction of recent developments and techniques in
commercial banking.
Part G:     A study on Uruguay's banking system
     Execution of a study including the following aspects
of the banking system  1 assessment o\1a the Borrower's
financial sector and of the future requirements thereof
covering topics such as BROU's role and the need for a
new institutional mechanism for the rescue  and
rehabilitation  of private  banks  in distress; 2
Page  16
assessment of the existing deposit insurance mechanism;
and 3 examining ways of covering the foreign exchange
risk currently faced by certain financial institutions.
                      *    *    *
       The Project is expected to be completed by June
30, 1992.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                              Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                  (Expressed in
dollars)
On each February 1 and August 1
     beginning February 1, 1995
       through  August 1, 2004              325,000
                Premiums on Prepayment
     Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General
Conditions, the premium payable on the principal amount
of any maturity of the Loan to be prepaid shall be the
percentage specified for the applicable time of
prepayment below:
     Time of Prepayment                    Premium
                                  The  interest  rate
                                  (expressed as a
                                  percentage per
                                  annum)  applicable
                                  to the Loan on the
                                  day of prepayment,
                                  multiplied by:
Not more than three years                  0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but                  0.40
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                    0.73
Page  17
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years                     0.87
     but not more than thirteen
     years before maturity
More than thirteen years                   1.00
     before maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
         Procurement ant Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Uruguay may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, ,he provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Contracts for computer equipment and software there
for under Parts A,  B,  C,  D and F (1)  (b) of the
Project may be awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of the evaluation and
comparison of bids invited from at least three qualified
suppliers  eligible  under  the  Guidelines  and  in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections I
and II of the Guidelines  (excluding paragraphs  2.8,
2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof.
2.   Goods under Part F (2) (iii) of the Project, may be
awarded to one or more reputable domestic suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines on the basis of comparison
of prices quoted by said supplier or suppliers,  after
having solicited price quotations from not less than
three domestic suppliers including the supplier to whom
the contract in question is awarded,  all in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)    With respect to each contract for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
Page  18
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)    With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account,  said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other  information required tobe furnished to the Bank 
pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
     (c)    The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower and the departments
and agencies of the Borrower involved in the carrying out
of the Project or any Part thereof, the Borrower shall
employ and shall cause Banco Central, BROU, Corporacion
(directly or through Banco Pan de Azucar, Banco Comercial
or Banco La Caja Obrera, as the case may be under the
corresponding Restructuring Agreement) or BPS,  as  the
case may be,  consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms  and conditions  of employment shall
be satisfactory to the Bank.  Such consultants shall be
selected in ar or dance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank
in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)    the term "eligible Categories" means all sub-
Categories of 1 and 2 of the Table;
     (b)    the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $1,400,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account shall be
made as follows:
     (a)    For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or
requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation.  On
the basis of such request or requests, the Bank shall, on
Page  19
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts
as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b) (i)    For replenishment of the Special
                Account, the Borrower shall furnish to
                the Bank requests for deposits into the
                Special Account at such intervals as the
                Bank shall specify.
        (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such
                request, the Borrower shall furnish to
                the Bank the documents and other
                evidence required pursuant to paragraph
                4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which
                replenishment is requested.  On the
                basis of each such request, the Bank
                shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Loan Account and
                deposit into the Special Account such
                amount as the Borrower shall have
                requested and as shall have been shown
                by said documents and other evidence to
                have been made out of the Special
                Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the
Loan Account under the respective eligible Category(ies),
and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Bank shall reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment
was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions  of paragraph  3  of
this Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower directly from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories less the amount of
any outstanding special  commitment  entered into by  the
Bank pursuant  to Section 5.02  of the General Conditions
with respect to the Project,  shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter,  withdrawal from the Loan Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as the
Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower.   Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out  of  the  Special Account:  (i)  was
made  for  an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Bank,  the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank:  (A)
provide  such additional evidence as  the Bank may
Page  20
request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if
the Bank shall so request,  refund to the Bank)  an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified.  Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree,  no further deposit by the Bank
into the Special Account shall be made until the Borrower
has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures,  the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding
amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank,
refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Loan Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
