Report No. PIC4106
Project Name                   Brazil-Rio de Janeiro Mass Transit Project (@+)
Region                            Latin American and Caribbean
Sector                            Urban Transport
Project ID                        BRPA43421
Borrower                          State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Implementation Agency             Companhia Fluminense de Trens Urbanos
Praca Cristiano Ottoni, s/n, Rio de
Janeiro, Brasil
CEP 20221-250 phone (021) 2338594
Fax:(021) 2533089
Date this PID prepared            June 24, 1996
Tentative Appraisal Date          September 1996
Tentative Board Date              August 26, 1997
1.      Background: The Rio de Janeiro Metropolitan Region (RJMR),
with 546,865 ha and 9.8 million inhabitants spread irregularly over
17 individual municipalities is dominated by the Rio de Janeiro
Municipality (RJM) with 5.7 million inhabitants. The RJMR
concentrates roughly 76% of RJ's population on just 15% of its
territory. RJM alone has 56% of the population of the state and 77%
of the income of RJMR. RJM generates roughly 85% of RJ's income and
4,500,000 jobs. Each day, 13 million person trips take place in the
RJMR of which 40% are home-to-work trips. Of the total trips 67%
are by public transport, 11% are by auto, 209 are by foot and the
remaining 2% by other modes. Of the public transport trips 77% are
by bus (mostly private operators), 14.5% by auto, 4% by suburban
train (FLUMITRENS, ex-CBTU-RJ), 3% by subway (Metro), 1% by ferry
(CONERJ) and .5% by other modes. Of the 8.7 million trips by public
modes, about half use more than one vehicle, requiring some sort of
modal transfer: 37% of all Metro trips, 47% of all train trips and
41% of all bus trips require one or more transfers to be completed.
This level of urban transport activity, dominated by the road-based
motorized modes has significant impacts on the RJMR's environment
Despite an existing 264 km rail network, the lack of integration
between the Metro (only 23km) and the FLUMITRENS discourages more
rail trips, in favor of buses and the automobile creating heavy
congestion during peak hours thereby significantly increasing home-
to-work trip time. Rio's geography and topography with its hills
and tunnels is prone to traffic congestion, especially when
accidents occur and/or cars breakdown. There is limited space for
fully segregated busways. It is estimated that a "Carioca" wastes
10-15 days a year more than it would if traffic congestion was not
so high. The main users of the public transport system are from the
Baixada Fluminense and bear the brunt of these problems: (i)
shortage of capacity at peak hours resulting in overcrowded (>10
pass/m2), (ii) long work journeys (3-4 hours/day for a round trip)
from the metropolitan periphery to the urban centers, with often
more than two modal transfers; and (c) paying over a fourth of
their income towards fares. Lack of coordination between the 2



levels of government responsible for urban transport, particularly
between the RJ and the RJM, has led to poor tariff and modal
integration, lack of prioritization in urban transport investments
and no common policy on pricing and subsidies. With the exception
of one State owned company (CTC), all bus services are provided by
private operators at one of the lowest fares in the country. The
bus private operators do not receive subsidies while the suburban
rail, Metro and ferries received subsidies in 1995 of respectively
US$187 million, US$109 million and US$30 million. Finally, RJMR
needs to modernize its traffic engineering and control technology
to be able to cope with the present and growing number of road-
based vehicles and introduce policies which will discourage the use
of the rapidly growing use of the automobile for home-to-work
trips.
2.      Recent departmental ESW concluded that particulate air
pollution in the northern part of the Rio Municipality and the
Baixada Fluminense is serious enough to cause significant health
damages including premature mortality. Although these particulates
are mostly from industry they are also due to transport emissions
and solid waste burning. Monitoring of ground-level ozone is
insufficient but climatic conditions and emissions characteristics
would suggest the possibility of a serious ozone problem in Rio.
Ozone (smog) is mainly due to transport emissions of NOx and VOC
(ozone precursors). Traffic congestion in tunnels make them
unbearable due to poor ventilation. In 1994, the number of vehicles
registered in the RJMR, were 1.7 million. Vehicular air pollution
has been somewhat mitigated by the use of alcohol. Vehicular
accidents, on the other hand, have become a major source of
environmental risks but there are no reliable statistics.
Congestion and overcrowding of the public transport system are a
source of environmental stress prompting fights. Throughout the day
and particularly at peak-hours, noise levels are well above the
acceptable levels recommended by WHO.
3.      In view of the above the new State administration which took
over on January of 1995 has decided that improving metropolitan
transport is one of its main priorities. In urban transport, the
main goals of this administration are: extending the existing
subway whose construction has been halted since 1987, transforming
the suburban rail system into a modern Metro like operation,
increasing the participation of the private sector in the operation
and investment of all urban transport systems to improve
productivity and reduce costs and introducing policies which will
promote the use of urban transport. RJ approached the Bank for a
loan which will help in achieving those objectives.
4.      Project Objectives: The objectives of the proposed project
are : (a) to improve the quality of public urban transport in the
RJMR by supporting a long-term concession of FLUMITRENS operations
and maintenance to the private sector; (b) to finance
infrastructure and equipment which are necessary to rehabilitate
FLUMITRENS and are critical for the integration of the urban
transport system and to allow transfers between buses, FLUMITRENS,
the Metro, ferryboats and non-motorized transport, thereby
- 2-



facilitating the mobility of the low-income population and their
access to employment areas; (c) the development of an integrated
urban transport system for the RJMR under a Regional Transportation
Coordination Comission (RTCC) established to coordinate and
recommend common policies on pricing, financing, project evaluation
and selection; and (d) the reduction of the environmental (mainly
air quality and noise) impacts on the RJMR due to road-based
vehicles and the promotion of non-motorized transport modes.
5.      Project Description: The project would comprise three inter-
related components: (a) an Institutional and Policy Development
component to help in (i) Supporting the process of concession of
FLUMITRENS to the private sector through technical assistance for
the preparation and evaluation of bids; (ii) establishing the RTCC
for the RJMR; (iii) preparing an integrated Transport Policy, Land
Use and Air Quality Management strategy for the RJMR to meet both
transport and air quality targets and to introduce sound cost-
recovery, tariff, regulatory and subsidy policies; (iv) a
comprehensive retraining program for FLUMITRENS staff in view of
the planned restructuring of the company; and (v) prepare the
feasibility studies and bidding documents for the Niteroi-S.Goncalo
and other priorities of the mass transit system; (b) an
Infrastructure and Equipment component to: (i) consolidate the
rehabilitation of FLUMITRENS by complementing the work started in
the ongoing CBTU decentralization loan; (ii) build/rehabilitate the
transfer stations between the trains, metro, buses and ferries; and
(c) an Environmental and Traffic component to support (i) a pilot
program to initiate a vehicle inspection/maintenance program; and
(ii) a comprehensive review of traffic violations with emphasis on
a more reliable system to enforce and collect traffic violation
fines.
6.      Project Financing: The overall cost of the proposed project
was estimated at US$373 million of which US$361 million for the
infrastructure and equipment component (97%) and the remaining
US$12 million evenly divided between the environmental and safety
component and the institutional development component. The Bank
would finance US$185 million (50%), RJ would finance US$165 million
(40.5%) and US$23 million (9.5%) by the private sector. The costs
indicated include price and physical contingencies.
7.      Project Sustainability: The finances of the State of Rio de
Janeiro have been reviewed by a Departmental team under the
proposed State Reform Project. Financing mechanisms will be
introduced to ensure that operating subsidies (if any) will be paid
on time.
8.      Project Implementation: Project Implementation will be the
responsibility of a Project Coordination Unit (PCU) within the Rio
de Janeiro State Transport Secretariat (SECTRAN), reporting
directly to the Secretary. FLUMITRENS will have a Project
Implementation Unit (PIU) to implement their infrastructure and
equipment component under the overall supervision of PCU; the
environmental component will be implemented by SEMA/FEEMA under
PCU's overall supervision and the safety component will be
- 3 -



implemented by DETRAN/CET. PIU's staff will include among others a
procurement specialist familiar with Bank procedures to speed up
the procurement process. This process will start at the pre-
appraisal stage during which pre-qualification documents for the
lots in the critical path would be reviewed.
9.      Linkages with State Reform Project. The proposed State Reform
Project to be financed by the Bank is addressing the restructuring
of urban transport agencies including FLUMITRENS, CONERJ, CTC,
CODERTE and METRO. FLUMITRENS has retrenched 2000 staff since
January 1995 and the METRO 800. CONERJ's assets will be sold to the
private sector by end of 1996 and its routes concessioned out to
the highest bidder. CTC is being liquidated, its buses sold and its
lines taken over by municipal and intermunicipal bus operators.
CODERTE, the agency in charge of terminals and parking garages will
have its assets either sold or leased to the private sector. The
goal of the government is to have long-term concessions for
operation and maintenance of FLUMITRENS and the METRO not later
than January 1998; and to reduce its present subsidies to thos
agencies which at present add to approximately us$300 million per
year to us$80 million by July 1998.
11.     Lessons Learned from Past Operations in the Country/Sector:
The major lessons learned from previous projects in the urban
transport sector are: (i) the coordination between the three levels
of government in urban transport cannot be assumed, and must be
dealt with very carefully at the project preparation level,
continuously monitored during project implementation and reviewed
in detail during the mid-term project review; (ii) policy for the
sector must be strengthened to minimize distortions resulting from
inefficient physical and financial coordination between modes and
to promote multimodal integration; (iii) the tariff levels should
allow for significant cost recovery of working costs and must be
complemented by financing mechanisms which cover the shortfall;
(iv) demand levels forecast by the borrowers should be carefully
scrutinized; (v) availability of counterpart funds must be assured
to avoid costly construction delays and (vi) a significant
participation of the private sector in the operation and
investments of the urban rail companies are necessary to ensure
sustainability. Finally, in urban railway projects, the problems of
fare evasion and safety at stations must be properly addressed
because they have an impact on ridership and on revenues.
12.     Program Objective and Poverty Categories: Approximately 50%
of the urban population earns less than 3 minimum salaries (about
US$ 300 per month). Most of FLUMITRENS ridership earns less than 2
minimum salaries/month. If successfully implemented, the project
will primarily benefit the poor in the participating
municipalities, since they depend mainly on bus, Metro, suburban
rail services to commute to and from work, especially those living
in the Baixada Fluminense and in "favelas" for whom access to the
areas of employment is a daily ordeal.
13.     Environmental Impact: Motor-vehicle generated air pollution
in RJMR, is a major and growing threat to public health. Benefits
- 4 -



due to its abatement include: decreased incidence of illness and
premature death due to respiratory and cardiovascular illness, and
improvements in the overall well-being and quality of life of the
population. Noise pollution generated by buses and automobiles will
also decrease due to an expected diversion of commuters to rail
based electrified systems. During rehabilitation of suburban train
stations and viaducts, it is not expected that few surrounding
areas will be affected due to street closure and excavation. Those
impacts will be minimized through new techniques which allow
construction without affecting the roads around it. Population
resettlement is not forseen, given that the works are in existing
rights-of way of the systems. Community participation to improve
safety and the apperance of the stations will be sought.The impact
on traffic congestion, overcrowding of buses, accidents is expected
to be very positive. As recommended by LATEN in the State Reform
Project, FLUMITRENS's concession will be preceeded by an
environmental and safety audit to be carried out by an independent
consultant and following model terms of reference provided by
LATEN. The bidding documents for concession will indicate that such
audit is mandatory. Overall the environmental impacts of this
project will be highly positive.
Contact Point:           Public Information Center
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending May 9, 1997.
- 5 -



Annex
Environmental
This project has been rated a Category B project. Motor-vehicle
generated air pollution in RJMR, is a major and growing threat to
public health. Benefits due to its abatement include: decreased
incidence of illness and premature death due to respiratory and
cardiovascular illness, and improvements in the overall well-being
and quality of life of the population. Noise pollution generated by
buses and automobiles will also decrease due to an expected
diversion of commuters to rail based electrified systems. An
inspection of the right-of -way indicates that population
resettlement is not foreseen, given that the works are in existing
rights-of way of the system. Community participation to improve
safety and the appearance of the stations will be sought. The
impact on traffic congestion, overcrowding of buses, accidents is
expected to be very positive. FLUMITRENS' concession will be
preceded by an environmental and safety audit to be carried out by
an independent consultant and following model terms of reference
provided by the Bank. The bidding documents for concession will
indicate that such audit is mandatory. Overall the environmental
impacts of this project will be highly positive.
- 6 -



