Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2985 UNI
                   Project Agreement
          (Lagos State Water Supply Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
             LAGOS STATE WATER CORPORATION
                 Dated March 31, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2985 UNI
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated March 31, 1989, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and LAGOS STATE WATER CORPORATION (LSWC).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred seventy-three million two
hundred thousand dollars ($173,200,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that LSWC agrees to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a first subsidiary loan agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and Lagos State of
Nigeria (Lagos State), the proceeds of the loan provided
for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to
Lagos State under the First Subsidiary Loan Agreement and
Lagos State will in turn make such proceeds available to
LSWC on the terms and conditions set forth in a second
Page  2
subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between
Lagos State and LSWC; and
     WHEREAS LSWC, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the Loan Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) LSWC declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources,
including tariff adjustments and increases, required for
the
Project.
     (b)  LSWC shall within its Engineering Directorate
continue
to maintain in a form and with functions and staffing
satisfactory to the Bank a project unit which shall be
responsible for coordinating and monitoring project
activities within the Engineering Directorate using
procedures, monitoring and other indicators satisfactory
to the Bank.
     (c)  LSWC shall as part of its training program and
in agreement with the Bank from time to time assign a
sufficient number of appropriately qualified staff to
work with consultants and contractors employed on the
Project.
     (d)  LSWC shall, until the completion of the
Project, before November 30 each year, discuss with Lagos
State and the Bank its future organization, staffing and
training plans and shall have due regard to the comments
of Lagos State and the Bank on such organization,
staffing and training plans.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. LSWC shall establish and thereafter
maintain a counterpart fund account at a commercial bank
into which contributions to be paid by Lagos State
pursuant to Section 2.06 (b) of the Lagos State Agreement
shall be deposited. The said account shall be used
exclusively to finance expenditures under the Project.
Page  3
     Section 2.04. LSWC shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.05. LSWC shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, LSWC shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Second
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.06. (a) LSWC shall, at the request of the
Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower
and the Bank with regard to the progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Second Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  LSWC shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Loan, or the performance by LSWC of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Second
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of LSWC
     Section 3.01. LSWC shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering and public
utilities practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. LSWC shall operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary
repairs and renewals thereof, all in accordance with
sound engineering, financial and public utility
practices.
     Section 3.03. LSWC shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
     Section 3.04. LSWC shall in its annual budget
provide for not less than two percent of the provisions
made in the budget for personnel expenditures to be
allocated to recurrent costs of LSWC's manpower training
and development.
     Section 3.05. LSWC shall: (i) prepare and furnish to
the Bank no later than April 15, 1987 a plan satisfactory
to the Bank for developing LSWC's commercial operations;
and (ii) promptly thereafter carry out said plan in
accordance with a timetable satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 3.06. LSWC shall: (i) prepare and furnish to
the Bank no later than February 28, 1987 a scheme
satisfactory to the Bank for the delegation of
responsibilities within LSWC; and (ii) thereafter carry
out the said plan in accordance with a timetable
satisfactory to Lagos State and the Bank.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) LSWC shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  LSWC shall:
          (i)  have its accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year: (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited;
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements as
               well as the audit thereof, as the
               Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) For all expenditures with respect
to which withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on
the basis of statements of expenditure or from the
Special Account, LSWC shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained in
               accordance with sound accounting
               practices, records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Bank has received the
               audit report for the fiscal year in which
               the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
               was made; and
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records.
     (b)  LSWC shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and
               those for the Special Account for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year the
               report of such audit by said auditors, of
Page  5
               such scope and in such detail as the Bank
               shall have reasonably requested,
               including a separate opinion by said
               auditors as to whether the statements of
               expenditure and requests for
               replenishment of the Special Account
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning the said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Bank shall from time
               to time reasonably request.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, LSWC shall, as from fiscal year 1989, produce for
each of its fiscal years specified below total revenues
equivalent to not less than the percentages of cash
operating expenses specified below for such fiscal years:
           (i)  fiscal year 1989: 50%;
          (ii)  fiscal year 1990: 75%; and
         (iii)  fiscal year 1991: 100%.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, LSWC
shall, as from fiscal year 1992, produce for each of its
fiscal years specified below total revenues equivalent to
not less than the percentages specified below for such
years of the sum of its: (i) cash operating expenses; and
(ii) the amount of annual debt service requirements or
the provision for depreciation, whichever is the higher:
          (i)  fiscal year 1992: 60%;
         (ii)  fiscal year 1993: 75%;
        (iii)  fiscal year 1994: 90%; and
         (iv)  fiscal year 1995: 100%.
     (c)  Before November 30 prior to each of the fiscal
years, LSWC shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by
LSWC and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it
would meet the requirements set forth in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this Section in respect of such year and the
next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank
the results of such review upon its completion.
     (d)  If any such review shows that LSWC would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b)
hereof for LSWC's fiscal years covered by such review,
LSWC shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
     (e)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "total revenues" means the sum
               of total operating revenues and net non-
               operating income.
          (ii) The term "total operating revenues" means
               revenues from all sources related to
               operations.
Page  6
         (iii) The term "net non-operating income"
               means the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (iv) The term "cash operating expenses" means
               all expenses related to operations,
               including administration, adequate
               maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes.
          (v)  The term "depreciation" means the annual
               provision for depreciation on a straight-
               line basis at a rate of not less than 3%
               per annum of the average current gross
               value of LSWC's fixed assets in
               operation, or other basis acceptable to
               the Bank, but excluding interest and
               other charges on debt.
          (vi) The average current gross value of LSWC's
               fixed assets in operation shall be
               calculated as one half of the sum of the
               gross value of LSWC's fixed assets in
               operation at the beginning and at the end
               of the fiscal year, as valued from time
               to time in accordance with sound and
               consistently maintained methods of
               valuation satisfactory to the Bank.
         (vii) The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of annual
               loan repayments (including sinking
               fund payments, if any) of, and
               interest and other charges on, debt.
        (viii) Whenever for the purposes of this
               Section it shall be necessary to
               value, in terms of the currency of
               the Borrower, debt payable in
               another currency, such valuation
               shall be made on the basis of the
               prevailing lawful rate of exchange
               at which such other currency is, at
               the time of such valuation,
               obtainable for the purposes of
               servicing such debt, or, in the
               absence of such rate, on the basis
               of a rate of exchange acceptable to
               the Bank.
     Section 4.04. Until the completion of the Project,
LSWC shall furnish to the Bank, for comments, its capital
investment plans before such plans are finalized.
     Section 4.05. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, LSWC shall not incur any debt, unless the net
revenues of LSWC for the fiscal year immediately
preceding the date of such incurrence or for a later
twelve-month period ended prior to the date of such
incurrence, whichever is the greater, shall be at least
1.5 times the estimated maximum debt service requirements
of LSWC for any succeeding fiscal year on all debt of
LSWC, including the debt to be incurred.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
Page  7
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               LSWC maturing by its terms more than one
               year after the date on which it is
               originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into.
         (iii) The term "net revenues" means the
               difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations adjusted to
                    take account of LSWC's tariffs in
                    effect at the time of the incurrence
                    of debt even though they were not in
                    effect during the twelve-month
                    period to which such revenues relate
                    and net non-operating income; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations including administration,
                    adequate maintenance, taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, but
                    excluding provision for
                    depreciation, other non-cash
                    operating charges and interest and
                    other charges on debt.
          (iv) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (v)  The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vi) Whenever for the purposes of this Section
               it shall be necessary to value, in terms
               of the currency of the Borrower, debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis of
               the prevailing lawful rate of exchange at
               which such other currency is, at the time
               of such valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or, in
               the absence of such rate, on the basis of
               a rate of exchange acceptable to the
               Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
Page  8
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of LSWC thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify LSWC and Lagos State thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue ii full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For LSWC:
          The General Manager
          Lagos State Water Corporation
          P. 0. Box 555,
          Lagos,
          Nigeria
          Cable address:                Telex:
               LASWATER                 27386 LASWAC NG
               Ijora, Lagos
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of LSWC, may be
taken or executed by the General Manager or such other
person or persons as LSWC shall designate in writing, and
LSWC shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
Page  9
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
               LAGOS STATE WATER CORPORATION
               By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   Bidders for works shall be prequalified as described
in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
3.   To the extent practicable, contracts for works shall
be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 or more and contracts for goods
shall to the extent practicable be grouped into bid
packages estimated to cost an amount equivalent to
$500,000 or more.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Nigeria may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Except as provided in paragraph 2 below, civil works
estimated to cost an amount equivalent to $3,000,000 or
less and goods estimated to cost an amount equivalent to
$500,000 or less, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Goods estimated to cost an amount equivalent to less
than $100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not
Page  10
to exceed an amount equivalent to $2,000,000 may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations solicited from a list of
at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of prequalification:
     With respect to the prequalification of bidders as
provided in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in
paragraph 1 of Appendix I to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for civil works
estimated to cost an amount equivalent to $500,000 or
more and each contract for goods estimated to cost an
amount equivalent to $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank, pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d), shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding subparagraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank, pursuant to said paragraph 3,
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure. Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance with Section 4.02 (a)
(ii) of this Agreement.
3.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist LSWC in carrying out the Project,
LSWC shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall
be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by
the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank
in August 1981. For the purposes of this Section, the
term "consultants" shall include specialists, experts or
advisers provided under a twinning arrangement with a
utility for purposes of carrying out the Project.
Page  11
