Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3285-EC
     (Municipal Development and Urban Infrastructure Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated February 15, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3285-EC
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 15, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF
ECUADOR (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project;
      (B)   the Bank has received a letter dated November 21, 1990
(the Policy Letter) from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to enable municipalities
in Ecuador (the Municipalities) to efficiently provide urban
services, especially to the lower income population (the Program),
and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Program;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from Inter-American
Development Bank (IDB) loans (the IDB Loans) in an aggregate amount
equivalent to $104,000,000 to assist in financing the Project on the
Page  2
terms and conditions set forth in agreements (the IDB Loan
Agreements) to be entered into between the Borrower and IDB;
      (D)   the Borrower has obtained a grant in the amount of
DM 2,800,000 (the GTZ Grant I) from Gesellschaft fcr Technische
Zusammenarbeit (GTZ) and intends to obtain a second grant from GTZ
in the amount of DM 4,000,000 (the GTZ Grant II) to assist in
financing the Project;
      (E)   the Project will be carried out by Banco de Desarrollo
del Ecuador S.A. (BEDE) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part
of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to BEDE the
proceeds of the Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project Agreement
of even date herewith between the Bank and BEDE;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985 (the
General Conditions), with the modifications set forth in Schedule 5
to this Agreement, constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "AME" means Asociacion de Municipalidades Ecuatorianas,
the Association of Municipalities of Ecuador;
      (b)   "BEDE" means Banco de Desarrollo del Ecuador, the
National Development Bank;
      (c)   "Beneficiary" means either a Part A Beneficiary or a
Part B Beneficiary;
      (d)   "CONADE" means Consejo Nacional de Desarrollo, the
Borrower's National Development Council;
      (e)   "FODESEC" means Fondo de Desarrollo Seccional, the Local
Government Development Fund established by the Municipal Law;
      (f)   "FONAPRE" means Fondo Nacional de Preinversion, the
National Pre-investment Fund;
      (g)   "FONAPRE Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between BEDE and FONAPRE as provided in Section 2.08 (a) (i) of
the Project Agreement;
      (h)   "Free-limit Sub-loan" means a Sub-loan for a Sub-project
estimated to cost, in the case of Sub-projects for sewer and water
sectors, not more than the equivalent of $4,000,000, and in the case
of Sub-projects for other sectors, not more than the equivalent of
$1,000,000;
      (i)   "Grant" means the grant to be provided by the Borrower
to BEDE under the Grant Agreement;
      (j)   "Grant Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and BEDE as provided in Section 3.01 (c) of
this Agreement;
      (k)   "Lifeline Rates" means the rates for public services
which are set at levels below the marginal price in respect of a
Page  3
certain quantity of such services;
      (l)   "Manual" means BEDE's Reglamento de Credito and its
annexes, satisfactory to the Bank, setting forth lending policies
and procedures for the carrying out of Part B of the Project,
including, inter alia, eligibility criteria for Beneficiaries, cost
recovery policies, Sub-project selection criteria and financial
performance indicators for Part B Beneficiaries;
      (m)   "MIF" means the Municipal Investment Fund created by
Article 10.b of the Municipal Law;
      (n)   "Municipal Law" means Articles 1 to 20 of Ley No. 72,
published in Registro Oficial No. 441, of May 21, 1990, of the
Borrower;
      (o)   "Municipality" means any municipality in Ecuador;
      (p)   "Part A Beneficiary" means a Municipality, or a
municipal or provincial enterprise or a regional development entity
which receives technical assistance and training under Part A of the
Project;
      (q)   "Part B Beneficiary" means a Municipality, or a
municipal or provincial enterprise or a regional development entity
which meets the eligibility criteria provided in the Manual for
purposes of carrying out Sub-projects and receives a Sub-loan;
      (r)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the Bank
and BEDE of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from time
to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (s)   "Project Committee" means the committee to be
established in BEDE, pursuant to the operating procedures referred
to in Section 6.01 (d) of this Agreement, for purposes of
coordinating the execution of the Project;
      (t)   "Project Coordinator" means the person referred to in
Section 2.14 of the Project Agreement;
      (u)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to
an exchange of letters dated March 30, 1989 and May 11, 1989 between
the Borrower and the Bank;
      (v)   "SENDA" means Secretaria Nacional de Desarrollo
Administrativo, the National Secretariat of Administrative
Development;
      (w)   "SENDA Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between BEDE and SENDA as provided in Section 2.08 (a) (ii) of the
Project Agreement;
      (x)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (y)   "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be made
under a Sub-loan Agreement;
      (z)   "Sub-loan Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between BEDE and each Part B Beneficiary as provided in Section
2.11 of the Project Agreement;
      (aa)  "Sucres" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (bb)  "Sub-project" means a specific project to be carried out
by a Part B Beneficiary, consisting of one or more of the following:
(i) improvement of public infrastructure, including water supply and
sewerage, drainage, solid waste management, street paving and road
rehabilitation, construction of bridges and pedestrian crossings,
construction of markets, parks, cemeteries and slaughterhouses and
Page  4
neighborhood improvement; and (ii) cadastre services;
      (cc)  "Subsidiary Loan" means the loan to be made by the
Borrower to BEDE under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (dd)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and BEDE pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
      (ee)  "Statutes" means Decreto Supremo No. 3731, published in
Registro Oficial No. 8, of August 22, 1979, which approved the
charter of BEDE; and
      (ff)  "Technical Cooperation Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between BEDE and GTZ as provided in Section 2.08 (a)
(iii) of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of one hundred and four million dollars ($104,000,000),
being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each
withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in Banco
Central del Ecuador on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Bank shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account and pay to
itself the amount required to repay the principal amount of the
Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn balance
of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance shall
thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1997 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Page  5
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. BEDE is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of taking any action required or permitted
to be taken under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement
and Article V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause
BEDE to perform in accordance with the provisions of the Project
Agreement all the obligations of BEDE therein set forth, shall take
or cause to be taken all action, including the provision of funds,
facilities, services and other resources, necessary or appropriate
Page  6
to enable BEDE to perform such obligations, and shall not take or
permit to be taken any action which would prevent or interfere with
such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend to BEDE the proceeds of the
Loan allocated to Part B of the Project under a subsidiary loan
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and BEDE (the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement), under terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Bank, which shall include the following: (i) the Subsidiary
Loan shall be denominated in Sucres and repaid on the same dates set
forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement in installments calculated in
the same manner as those for the repayment of the Loan; and (ii) the
Subsidiary Loan shall carry interest at the annual rate specified in
the Annex to Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement less four
percentage points, such spread of four percentage points to be
reviewed from time to time (with the first review scheduled no later
than the first quarter of 1991), in accordance with a methodology
acceptable to the Bank, as necessary to reflect changes in the Free
Lending Rate (as this term is defined in the Annex to Schedule 2 to
the Project Agreement) and in the inflation rate in Ecuador as
published by Instituto Nacional de Estadistica y Censos, in order to
assure that BEDE's operating costs are covered.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make available to BEDE the proceeds
of the Loan allocated to Part A of the Project under a grant
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and BEDE (the
Grant Agreement), under terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Grant Agreement in such manner as
to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the Grant Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out by BEDE
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, within three months from the
Effective Date, establish, and thereafter maintain during the
execution of Part A of the Project, a steering committee, headed by
SENDA's secretary and composed of senior officials of BEDE, FONAPRE,
AME and CONADE, for the purpose of providing advice in policy,
coordination, implementation, evaluation and financing matters
related exclusively to the training program under Part A of the
Project.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall make equity contributions to
BEDE in an amount equivalent to 25% of the amounts paid by BEDE to
the Borrower pursuant to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, such amount
to be reviewed from time to time between the Borrower and the Bank
and, if necessary, reduced in accordance with the Borrower's overall
macroeconomic objectives and the evolution of BEDE's capital base
and taking into account the recommendations of the study referred to
in Section 2.13 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.06. (a) Without limitation or restriction to the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower
and the Bank agree to undertake, jointly with BEDE, not later than
March 31 in each year during the execution of the Project, starting
on March 31, 1992, a review of the progress of the Program and the
Page  7
Project, which shall include, inter alia, a review of: (i) the
borrowing capacity and creditworthiness of Part B Beneficiaries;
(ii) compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Project
Agreement and the Sub-loan Agreements; (iii) financial performance
of BEDE and the Part B Beneficiaries based on indicators
satisfactory to the Bank; (iv) BEDE's proposed financial management
plan referred to in Section 2.07 (b) of the Project Agreement; (v)
resource allocation by region, type of Beneficiary and nature of
investments for the calendar year during which such review takes
place and the next succeeding calendar year; and (vi) the pace of
disbursements of proceeds of the Loan in relation to the total
Project cost.
      (b)   The Borrower shall promptly take or cause BEDE to take
all such corrective action as shall be necessary to be taken, in the
Bank's opinion (as a result of the review referred to in paragraph
(a) above), for the achievement of the objectives of the Program and
the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                   with sound accounting practices, records and
                   accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                   at least one year after the Bank has received
                   the audit report for the fiscal year in which
                   the last withdrawal from the Loan Account was
                   made; and
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) (i) of this Section including
                   those for the Special Account for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than four months after the
                   end of each such year, the report of such audit
                   by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                   requested, including a separate opinion by said
                   auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                   and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
Page  8
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   BEDE shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that BEDE will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   the Statutes shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of BEDE to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement;
      (d)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of BEDE or for the suspension of its operations;
      (e)   by December 31, 1991, the conditions for the first
disbursement of the IDB Loans and the GTZ Grant II shall not have
been fulfilled;
      (f)   the Program shall have not been implemented as set forth
in the Policy Letter;
      (g)   the Municipal Law or the operational procedures referred
to in Section 6.01 (d) of this Agreement shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the carrying out of the Program and the Project;
      (h)   (i)    subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant (including
                         the IDB Loans, the GTZ Grant I and the GTZ
                         Grant II) made to the Borrower for the
                         financing of the Project shall have been
                         suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                         whole or in part, pursuant to the terms
                         thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof;
           (ii)    subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Bank that:
                   (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                         or prematuring is not caused by the
                         failure of the Borrower to perform any of
                         its obligations under such agreement; and
                   (B)   adequate funds for the Project are
                         available to the Borrower from other
                         sources on terms and conditions consistent
                         with the obligations of the Borrower under
                         this Agreement; and
      (i)   the Free Lending Rate (as defined in the Annex to
Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement) shall cease to be, in the
Bank's opinion, a freely determined rate.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (e) or (i) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
Page  9
period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Bank to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (c) or (d) or (f) or
(g) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (h) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (h) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the Grant Agreement
have been executed on behalf of the Borrower and BEDE;
      (b)   the IDB Loan Agreement has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and IDB;
      (c)   the members of the Project Committee have been appointed
and such Committee has started to exercise its duties in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank;
      (d)   operational procedures, satisfactory to the Bank, have
been established for distribution of FODESEC funds, including the
operational definition and calculation of all indicators to be used
therein;
      (e)   the Technical Cooperation Agreement has been executed on
behalf of BEDE and GTZ;
      (f)   the FONAPRE Agreement and the SENDA Agreement have been
executed on behalf of BEDE and, respectively, FONAPRE and SENDA;
      (g)   the Manual has been issued by BEDE;
      (h)   terms of reference, satisfactory to the Bank, have been
prepared by BEDE, with the assistance of SENDA, for a model career
development plan for municipal civil employees designed to ensure
more stability for such employees in their employment; and
      (i)   BEDE's Board of Directors has issued a directive to put
into effect the organizational changes provided in Section 2.14 of
the Project Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by BEDE, and is legally binding upon BEDE in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and BEDE and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and BEDE in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date of May 15, 1991 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance and Public Credit of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Page  10
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and Public Credit
            Avenida 10 de Agosto y Jorge Washington
            Quito, Ecuador
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINFINANZAS               22358 MINFIN-ED
                   Quito, Ecuador
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
                   Cable address:          Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR
                         By /s/ Hugo Mantilla Tanzi
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Works                     74,250,000        35% in the case of
                                                contracts awarded
                                                pursuant to
                                                Part C.2 and 3 of
Page  11
                                                Section I of
                                                Schedule 1 to the
                                                Project Agreement
                                                and 70% in the
                                                case of contracts
                                                awarded pursuant
                                                to Part A of
                                                Section I of
                                                Schedule 1 to the
                                                Project Agreement
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(2) Imported                  12,000,000        50% of foreign
    goods                                       expenditures in
                                                the case of con-
                                                tracts awarded
                                                pursuant to
                                                Part C.1 of Sec-
                                                tion I of Sche-
                                                dule 1 to the
                                                Project Agreement
                                                and 100% of
                                                foreign expendi-
                                                tures in the case
                                                of contracts
                                                awarded pursuant
                                                to Part A of
                                                Section I of
                                                Schedule 1 to the
                                                Project Agreement
(3) Non-imported               1,500,000        35% of local
    goods                                       expenditures
(4) Consultants'              15,400,000        35% of local
    services                                    expenditures for
                                                services of con-
                                                sultants domiciled
                                                within the terri-
                                                tory of the
                                                Borrower and 50%
                                                of foreign expen-
                                                ditures for ser-
                                                vices of other
                                                consultants
(5) Travel expenses              150,000        50% of foreign
    for training                                expenditures
    abroad
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(6) Refunding of                 700,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project Prepara-                            suant to Section
    tion Advance                                2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
                             ___________
         TOTAL               104,000,000
                             ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
Page  12
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for:
      (a)   expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except
that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000,
may be made on account of payments made for expenditures before that
date but after August 1, 1990;
      (b)   expenditures under a Sub-loan, unless the Sub-loan has
been made in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Schedule 2 to the Project
Agreement;
      (c)   expenditures incurred by any Part B Beneficiary which
shall exceed, in the aggregate, an amount equivalent to $14,000,000.
4.    Notwithstanding the percentages for withdrawal set forth in
the table in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Bank may, as a result
of the review referred to in Section 3.06 (a)(vi) of this Agreement,
by notice to the Borrower, reduce or increase such percentages in
order to maintain the percentage of financing out of the proceeds of
the Loan of the total Project costs at a level of thirty-five
percent (35%).
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to increase the fiscal
autonomy of Municipalities and their capacity to efficiently and
equitably deliver urban services. Specifically, the Project will
support the Borrower's initiatives to: (a) modify the national/local
revenue sharing system to make it more transparent, equitable,
predictable and effective in mobilizing local revenue; (b) reduce
discretionary fiscal transfers to Municipalities; (c) help Munici-
palities generate current account surpluses by increasing own-source
revenues (especially user charges) and by reducing expenditures;
(d) increase the capacity of Part B Beneficiaries to plan and
execute efficient, equitable and environmentally sound Sub-projects,
and to maintain existing physical assets; (e) improve the targeting
of benefits to the lower income population; (f) strengthen BEDE as
a reliable source of financing and technical assistance for Bene-
ficiaries; and (g) enhance the training activities of Municipalities
and of the municipal support institutions at the national level.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development and Training
      Carrying out of a program for institutional development of
BEDE and the Part A Beneficiaries and training of the staff of BEDE,
FONAPRE, SENDA, AME and the Part A Beneficiaries, focusing on such
areas as the creation or improvement of planning and budgeting
systems, general organization and management, personnel policy, tax
administration, and Sub-project preparation and evaluation,
including analysis of environmental impacts.
Part B:     Sub-projects
      Carrying out of Sub-projects.
                  *                 *                 *
Page  13
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                          Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due                    (expressed in dollars)*
On each April 1 and October 1
      beginning on April 1, 1996
      through April 1, 2010                     3,465,000
On October 1, 2010                              3,515,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                  0.15
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.30
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.55
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.80
      more than 16 years
      before maturity
More than 16 years                         0.90
      but not more than 18 years
      before maturity
More than 18 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) to
(6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
Page  14
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $ 6,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   for withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or amounts
as the Borrower shall have requested;
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to para- graph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Bank shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
Page  15
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice tothe Borrower. Such 
further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   if the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   the Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 5
              Modifications of the General Conditions
      For the purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the
General Conditions are modified as follows:
      (1)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (2)   The words "the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower and
the Guarantor, terminate the right of the Borrower to make
withdrawals with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such
notice, such amount of the Loan shall be cancelled" set forth at the
end of Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted
therefor:
                   "or (f) by the date specified in subparagraph 3
            (c) of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement (as such term
            is defined in the Loan Agreement), the Bank shall, in
            respect of any portion of the Loan: (i) have received no
            applications or requests under subparagraphs (a) or (b)
            of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such
            applications or requests, the Bank may, by notice to the
            Borrower and BEDE (as such term is defined in the Loan
            Agreement), terminate the right of the Borrower and BEDE
            to make withdrawals from the Loan Account or to submit
            such applications or requests, as the case may be, with
            respect to such amount or portion of the Loan. Upon the
            giving of such notice, such amount or portion of the
            Loan shall be cancelled."c
Page  16
