Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3285-EC
(Municipal Development and Urban Infrastructure Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
         BANCO DE DESARROLLO DEL ECUADOR S.A.
                Dated February 15, 1991
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3285-EC
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 15, 1991, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO DE DESARROLLO DEL ECUADOR S.A.
(BEDE).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Ecuador (the Borrower) and
the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
one hundred and four million dollars ($104,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that BEDE agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and BEDE, the proceeds of the
Loan allocated to Part B of the Project will be relent to
BEDE on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
Page  2
     (C)  by a grant agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and BEDE, the proceeds of the Loan allocated
to Part A of the Project will be donated to BEDE on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Grant Agreement;
and
     WHEREAS BEDE, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) BEDE declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project, under the coordination of the Project
Committee, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative and financial
practices, the Municipal Law and the Manual and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  BEDE shall not abrogate or change or fail to
apply the Manual or any provision thereof without the
prior written consent of the Bank.
     Section 2.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     (b)  In the procurement of goods, works and services
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, BEDE
shall utilize, and shall cause Part B Beneficiaries to
utilize, standard bidding documents satisfactory to the
Bank.
     Section 2.03. BEDE shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. BEDE shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the
Grant Agreement. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, BEDE shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, the Grant
Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) BEDE shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
Page  3
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and the Grant Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  BEDE shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of Loan, or the performance by BEDE of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement and the Grant Agreement.
     (c)  BEDE shall, not later than August 31 and
January 31 of each year, starting on August 31, 1991,
send to the Bank semi-annual reports on the progress of
the Project, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
shall reasonably request.
     Section 2.06. BEDE shall carry out, every year
during the execution of the Project, an annual financial
management plan satisfactory to the Bank, which shall
include, inter alia: (i) certain financial targets to be
achieved by BEDE; and (ii) a strategy to be adopted by
BEDE for purposes of achieving the Project objectives
with special emphasis on the amount of capitalization
required by BEDE and its capacity to use it effectively.
     Section 2.07. (a) BEDE undertakes to participate in
the review referred to in Section 3.06 (a) of the Loan
Agreement and to promptly take any necessary action as
provided in paragraph (b) of such Section.
     (b)  BEDE shall, for the purposes of the review
referred to in Section 3.06 (a) of the Loan Agreement,
prepare: (i) the plan referred to in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement which BEDE proposes to adopt in the next
succeeding year; and (ii) a report on the compliance by
BEDE, during the year next preceding such review, with
the financial targets referred to in Section 2.06 (i) of
this Agreement.
     Section 2.08. (a) BEDE shall enter into agreements,
under terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank,
with: (i) FONAPRE (the FONAPRE Agreement), whereby
FONAPRE shall undertake to assist BEDE in hiring
consultants to carry out the preinvestment studies
(prefeasibility, feasibility and final engineering
design) requested by Part B Beneficiaries for purposes of
the Sub-projects; (ii) SENDA (the SENDA Agreement),
whereby SENDA shall undertake to assist BEDE in the
coordination of the Part A Beneficiaries' training
program under Part A of the Project; and (iii) GTZ (the
Technical Cooperation Agreement), whereby GTZ shall
undertake to assist BEDE in the carrying out of the
institutional development program under Part A of the
Project.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, BEDE
shall not take or concur in any action which would have
the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the FONAPRE Agreement, the SENDA Agreement or the
Technical Cooperation Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.09. BEDE shall: (a) furnish to the Bank,
not later than six months after the Effective Date, a
copy of the model career development plan referred to in
Section 6.01 (h) of the Loan Agreement, for comments; and
(b) taking into account the Banks' comments thereon,
require the Municipalities which are Part B Beneficiaries
to adopt, as an obligation under their respective Sub-
loan Agreements, a career development plan for its
employees consistent with the recommendations of such
model plan.
Page  4
     Section 2.10. BEDE undertakes to charge in its
lending operations (including the Sub-loans) the rates of
interest set forth in the Annex to Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.11. (a) BEDE undertakes that Sub-loans
will be made under agreements, satisfactory to the Bank,
to be entered into between BEDE and each Part B
Beneficiary (the Sub-loan Agreements) and in accordance
with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     (b)  BEDE shall exercise its rights in relation to
each Sub-project in such manner as to: (i) protect the
interests of the Bank, the Borrower and BEDE; (ii) enable
BEDE to comply with its obligations under this Agreement;
and (iii) achieve the purposes of the Project.
     Section 2.12. BEDE shall:
     (a)  during the first year of execution of the
Project, utilize the funds in MIF as follows:
          (i)  at least 10% thereof, for purposes of
               making Sub-loans;
          (ii) no more than 40% thereof, for purposes
               of making grants to Part B Beneficiaries
               to compensate such Part B Beneficiaries
               for loss of revenues resulting from
               Lifeline Rates charged to lower income
               families unable to pay the full cost of
               water, sanitary and storm sewers, solid
               waste and neighborhood improvement
               services; and
         (iii) no more than 50% thereof, for purposes
               of making grants to Municipalities which
               are Part B Beneficiaries, as an
               incentive for the improvement of current
               account savings by such Municipalities;
               and
     (b)  within ten months from the Effective Date, put
into effect a methodology, satisfactory to the Bank, for
allocation of MIF resources during the remaining years of
the execution of the Project, such methodology to be
based on the analysis of the Part B Beneficiaries'
financial and institutional action plans.
     Section 2.13. BEDE shall:
     (a)  carry out a study, under terms of reference
satisfactory to the Bank and with the assistance of
consultants employed pursuant to the provisions of
Section II of Schedule 1 to this Agreement to: (i)
determine the level of capitalization required by BEDE to
meet its objectives as the primary lender of the public
sector in Ecuador; (ii) make an estimate of the funds
potentially available to BEDE, pursuant to current and
proposed legislation, for purposes of BEDE's
capitalization; and (iii) make recommendations for
appropriate actions to correct any imbalance between such
capital requirements and availability of funds;
     (b)  promptly upon completion of such study, but not
later than six months after the Effective Date, submit
such study to the Bank, for comments; and
     (c)  taking into account the Bank's comments,
promptly submit the recommendations of such study to the
Borrower and take all steps on its part necessary to
Page  5
adopt such recommendations.
     Section 2.14. BEDE shall, during the execution of
the Project:
     (a)  maintain a person, with qualifications and
experience satisfactory to the Bank, to be responsible
for the coordination of the Project (the Project
Coordinator), the position of such person to be at the
departmental management level of BEDE; and
     (b)  cause the appointment or removal of high level
staff assigned to work under the supervision of the
Project Coordinator for purposes of the Project to be the
sole responsibility of BEDE's Board of Directors, such
appointment or removal to be made on the basis of
recommendations of BEDE's General Manager.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of BEDE
     Section 3.01. BEDE shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative and financial practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management
assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. BEDE shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provisions
satisfactory to the Bank for insurance against such risks
and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) BEDE shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  BEDE shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements
               of income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently
               applied, by independent auditors
               acceptable to the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as
               available, but in any case not later
               than four months after the end of each
               such year, (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors of such scope and in
               such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements as
               well as the audit thereof, as the Bank
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
                       ARTICLE V
Page  6
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of BEDE thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify BEDE thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             248423 (RCA)
               Washington, D.C.            82987 (FTCC)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                     197688 (TRT)
     For BEDE:
          Banco de Desarrollo del Ecuador S.A.
          Paz 655 y Ramirez Davalos
          Quito, Ecuador
          Casilla 373
          Cable address:           Telex:
               BEDE-ED               22655
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of BEDE, or by
BEDE on behalf of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement,
may be taken or executed by BEDE's General Manager or
such other person or persons as such General Manager
shall designate in writing, and BEDE shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
Page  7
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                Regional Vice President
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
                    BANCO DE DESARROLLO DEL ECUADOR S.A.
                    By /s/ Gerardo Ruiz Navas
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Ecuador may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$200,000, but more than the equivalent of $25,000, per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$26,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$1,000,000, but more than the equivalent of $50,000, per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$64,200,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $21,400,000, and goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $25,000 or less per contract, up to an
Page  8
aggregate amount equivalent to $6,000,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three contractors or suppliers, as the case may be,
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods and
works awarded pursuant to the provisions of Part A
hereof, and the first two contracts awarded pursuant to
the provisions of Part C hereof in respect of each urban
sector covered by Sub-projects, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior
to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, said procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the
Loan Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist BEDE in carrying out Part A of
the Project, and the Part B Beneficiaries in carrying
their Sub-projects, BEDE shall employ and shall cause
such Part B Beneficiaries to employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
"Consultants Guidelines"), except that prior review by
the Bank pursuant to paragraphs 2.04, 2.09, 2.13, 2.21,
2.39, 2.41 and 2.44 of said Consultants Guidelines shall
not apply to contracts costing the equivalent of $30,000
or less.
2.   The contracts exempted from such prior review shall
be subject to ex post review by the Bank, and if pursuant
to such review the Bank determines that the employment of
consultants under such contracts is inconsistent with the
procedures set forth or referred to in this Schedule or
in the Consultant Guidelines and establishes the amount
of expenditures in respect of such employment which would
Page  9
otherwise have been eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Loan, the Bank may, by notice to the
Borrower and BEDE, terminate the right of the Borrower to
make withdrawals with respect to such amount. Upon the
giving of such notice, such amount of the Loan shall be
cancelled.
Section III.  Special Provisions
A.   In addition and without limitation to any other
provisions set forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines,
the following principles of procurement shall expressly
govern all procurement of goods and works referred to in
Part A of Section I of this Schedule:
1.   Bids must be submitted in one single envelope, and
the name of each bidder and the total amount of each bid,
as well as any alternative proposals, if they have been
requested or permitted, shall be read aloud when opened.
2.   Foreign bidders must not be required to have a local
representative for purposes of submitting bids, but may
be required to have such a representative upon entering
into contracts which they have been awarded.
3.   Foreign bidders must be permitted to have their
financial solvency certified by a foreign bank acceptable
to BEDE without re-certification by any Ecuadorian bank
or other Ecuadorean person or entity.
4.   Bid and performance bonds and guarantees issued by
foreign sureties approved by BEDE must be admissible
without re-certification or other participation by any
Ecuadorean bank or other Ecuadorean person or entity.
5.   Letters of credit issued to any supplier of goods or
provider of services must not be required to be counter-
guaranteed by such supplier or provider in whole or in
part.
B.   In addition and without limitation to any other
provisions set forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines,
the following principles of procurement shall expressly
govern all procurement of goods and works referred to in
Parts C.1 and C.2, respectively, of Section I of this
Schedule:
1.   Foreign contractors and suppliers shall be allowed
to bid on all contracts.
2.   The date for the opening of bids shall be set on a
date which shall be at least thirty days from the date of
the last advertisement of the invitation to bid.
3.   The invitation to bid shall be advertised for at
least three days in a newspaper of wide circulation in
Ecuador.
4.   Contracts must be awarded to the lowest evaluated
bidder in accordance with criteria set forth in the
bidding documents.
C.   In addition and without limitation to any other
provisions set forth in this Schedule or the Consultants
Guidelines, the following principles of procurement shall
expressly govern all procurement of consultants' services
referred to in Section II of this Schedule:
1.   Foreign consultants must not be required to be
locally registered as a condition of participation in the
selection process, but may be required to be so
registered, at the time of contracting, if the Borrower
Page  10
and the Bank so agree.
2.   Foreign consultants must not be required, either
directly    or indirectly, to give any participation in
or share of any consulting contracts to any local firm or
person, except in connection with a joint venture
arrangement where: (i) a sufficient number of capable
domestic firms or individual consultants exist to allow
a foreign consultant reasonable freedom of choice; (ii)
the contribution of either party to the joint venture
arrangement will not be constrained by any prescribed
manner or extent of participation; and (iii) the foreign
consultant is not required to associate itself with any
specific named domestic firms or individual consultants.
3.   Foreign consulting firms shall not be required, as
a condition to provide services in Ecuador under
contracts to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,
to be registered in Ecuador with a minimum capital
different from that required for Ecuadorian firms.
4.   Foreign consultants, either individuals or firms,
providing services under contracts financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan, shall not be required to pay fees
to the Ecuadorean Consultants' Association that are
different from those required for Ecuadorian consultants.
Section IV:    Internal Approvals
     The approval by the Contralor General del Estado
(National Controller General) and the Procurador General
del Estado (National Attorney General) referred to in
Article 18 of Ley No. 95, of August 2, 1990, (Ley de
Contratacion Publica) shall be limited to the standard
bidding documents referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of the
Project Agreement.
SCHEDULE 2
           Terms and Conditions of Sub-loans
1.   (a)  Sub-loans shall be denominated and repayable in
Sucres.
     (b)  Sub-loans shall be repaid, as provided in the
Manual, within periods of time consistent with the
potential for cost recovery of the investment under the
Sub-project.
     (c)  The principal amount of each Sub-loan withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time shall carry interest,
payable every six months, at a rate calculated and
adjusted every six months in accordance with the
provisions of the Annex to this Agreement.
2.   No expenditures for goods, works or services
required for a Sub-project shall be eligible for
financing out of the proceeds of the Loan unless:
     (a)  the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have
been approved by the Bank and such expenditures shall
have been made not earlier than one hundred and eighty
days prior to the date on which the Bank shall have
received the application and information required under
paragraph 3 (a) below in respect of such Sub-loan; or
     (b)  the Sub-loan for such Sub-project shall have
been a Free-limit Sub-loan for which the Bank has
authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account and such
expenditures shall have been made not earlier than one
hundred and eighty days prior to the date on which the
Bank shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 3 (b) below in respect of such
Free-limit Sub-loan.
Page  11
3.   (a)  When presenting a Sub-loan (other than a Free-
limit Sub-loan) to the Bank for approval, BEDE shall
furnish to the Bank an application, in form satisfactory
to the Bank, together with: (i) a description of the
proposed Part B Beneficiary and an appraisal of the Sub-
project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan;
(ii) the proposed terms and conditions of the Sub-loan,
including the schedule of amortization of the Sub-loan;
and (iii) such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
     (b)  Each request by BEDE for authorization to make
withdrawals from the Loan Account in respect of a Free-
limit Sub-loan shall contain: (i) a summary description
of the proposed Part B Beneficiary and the Sub-project,
including a description of the expenditures proposed to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan; and (ii) the
terms and conditions of the Sub-loan, including the
schedule of amortization therefor.
     (c)  Applications and requests made pursuant to the
provisions of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph
shall be presented to the Bank on or before June 30,
1996.
4.   Sub-loans shall be made on terms whereby BEDE shall
obtain, through the Sub-loan Agreements, rights adequate
to protect the interests of the Bank and BEDE, including
the right to:
     (a)  require the Part B Beneficiary to carry out and
operate the Sub-project with due diligence and efficiency
and in accordance with the provisions of the Manual and
sound technical, financial, managerial, environmental and
public service standards;
     (b)  require that: (i) the goods, works and services
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
procured in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement and on the basis of the standard
bidding documents referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement; and (ii) such goods, works and services shall
be used exclusively in the carrying out of the Sub-
project;
     (c)  require the Part B Beneficiaries: (i) to
maintain separate records and accounts adequate to
reflect their operations, expenditures and financial
condition in respect of their respective Sub-project;
(ii) to have such records and accounts for each fiscal
year audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
principles consistently applied, by independent auditors
acceptable to the Bank; and (iii) to furnish to BEDE,
within four months after the end of each such year, the
report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
requested, including a certification by said auditors
that the Part B Beneficiary has used the standard bidding
documents referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement;
     (d)  inspect, by itself or jointly, with
representatives of the Bank, if the Bank shall so
request, such goods, works, plants and construction sites
included in the Sub-project, the operation thereof, and
any relevant records and documents;
     (e)  require that: (i) the Part B Beneficiary shall
take out and maintain with responsible insurers such
insurance, against such risks and in such amounts, as
Page  12
shall be consistent with sound public service practice;
and (ii) without any limitation upon the foregoing, such
insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan to the place of
use or installation, any indemnity thereunder to be made
payable in a currency freely usable by the Part B
Beneficiary to replace or repair such goods;
     (f)  obtain all such information as the Bank or BEDE
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to
the admini- stration, operations and financial condition
of the Part B Bene- ficiary and to the benefits to be
derived from the Sub-project;
     (g)  require, as a security for the Sub-loan, the
assignment of any credits that the Part B Beneficiary may
have in FODESEC as provided in Article 10.a of the
Municipal Law; and
     (h)  suspend or terminate the right of the Part B
Beneficiary to the use of the proceeds of the Loan upon
failure by such Part B Beneficiary to perform its
obligations under the Sub-loan Agreement.
                         ANNEX
       Interest Rates Applicable to BEDE's Loans
                 (including Sub-loans)
1.   (a)  The initial interest rate applicable to all
BEDE's loans (including Sub-loans) made or proposed to be
made in the periods indicated below shall be determined
by adding the factors also indicated below applicable to
each of such periods, as follows:
                              Periods
     Factors             1st  2nd  3rd  4th
39 percentage points           x    x    x x
  plus
Adjustment Factor              -    -    x x
  plus
Differential Rate times        -   0.25 0.330.50
     For purposes of this subparagraph (a):
"x" means applicable;
"-" means non-applicable;
"1st" means the period of time ending on December 31,
1990;
"2nd" means the period from January 1, 1991 to June 30,
1991;
"3rd" means the period from July 1, 1991 to December 31,
1991; and
"4th" means the period from January 1, 1992 to June 30,
1992.
     (b)  If the Differential Rate applicable to any of
the periods of time referred to in subparagraph (a) above
shall be zero or negative, the initial interest rate
applicable to BEDE's loans (including Sub-loans) made or
proposed to be made in such period and thereafter shall
be the Free Lending Rate.
     (c)  The initial interest rate applicable to BEDE's
loans (including Sub-loans) made or proposed to be made
on and after July 1, 1992 shall be the Free Lending Rate.
     (d)  The interest rate on the principal amount of
each BEDE's loan (including a Sub-loan) withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time shall be adjusted every six
months so as to be equal to the initial interest rate
Page  13
applicable to such loans made or proposed to be made on
the date of such adjustment, as provided in subparagraph
(a), (b) or (c) above, as the case may be.
2.   For purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  "Adjustment Factor" means the difference
expressed in percentage points between: (i) the interest
rate applicable to BEDE's loans (including the Sub-
loans), on each of the six-month periods immediately
preceding the period on which the Adjustment Factor shall
be applied; and (ii) 39 percentage points.
     (b)  "Free Lending Rate" means the arithmetic
average, in the week immediately preceding the week for
which the Free Lending Rate is to be calculated, of the
rates of interest charged by private commercial banks and
other private financial institutions in Ecuador on loans
funded with their own resources, as recorded by Banco
Central del Ecuador.
     (c)  "Differential Rate" means the rate calculated
by deducting the initial interest rate referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule applicable to BEDE's loans
(including Sub-loans) in the last period prior to the
beginning of the pertinent six-month period from the Free
Lending Rate in force in the last month prior to the
beginning of the pertinent six-month period.
