Report No. PID10259
Project Name                     West Bank and Gaza-Integrated Community ... @
Development Project
Region                           Middle East and North Africa Region
Sector                           Institutional Development; Telecommunications
& Informatics; Other Social Protection
Project ID                       GZSF69986
Borrower(s)                      The PLO for the benefit of the PA
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT
Address: P.O. Box 98, Jericho
Contact Person: Dr. Sa'eb Erekat, Minister
Tel: 972 2 2322619
Fax: 972 2 2321240
PECDAR
Address: Dahrait El-Barid
Contact Person: Dr. Mohammed Shtayyeh
Tel: 972 2 2362355
Fax: 972 2 2362341
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                December 18, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         February 2, 2002
Projected Board Date             March 28, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
A summary of sector issues and the Palestinian Authority's (PA) national
development and poverty reduction strategy is presented below.PovertyAfter
two years of economic growth and measurable decline in poverty and
unemployment, the solid economic recovery that began in West Bank and Gaza
in 1998 came to an abrupt halt with the start of the second "Intifada" in
September 2000, and the subsequent imposition of tight closure by Israel.
Per capita real income declined by 12 percent for 2000 as a whole and will
likely decline a further 19 percent in 2001. In fact, per capita real
income is now below what it was when the Oslo accords were signed in 1993.
The share of the population living below the poverty line (US$2 per person
per day) has reached almost half of the Palestinian population, up from a
quarter before the current "Intifada" Poverty data taken from "One Year of
Intifada - The Palestinian Economy in Crisis," October 2001. See also
"Poverty in the West Bank and Gaza, Summary", The World Bank, May 2001.
Two recent reports found that poverty in the West Bank is a rural
phenomenon and that poverty rates in Gaza are similar in villages and
refugee camps. According to the 1998 Palestinian Poverty Report (National



Commission for Poverty Alleviation), the largest proportion of the poor
(43 percent) live in villages, compared to 33 percent in cities and 25
percent in refugee camps. Two out of three poor households in the West
Bank live in villages. In Gaza, the poverty rates in villages and refugee
camps were 41 and 43 percent respectively. These percentages were
confirmed by the 2000 Household Expenditure and Consumption Survey by the
Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics. The present crisis is
accentuating these poverty patterns. Poverty is deepening particularly in
isolated communities according to the international community's recent
rapid assessment, "One Year of Intifada - The Palestinian Economy in
Crisis," October 2001. Palestinian economic decline in the last two years
has been driven by unemployment due to Israeli closures and the resultant
collapse in business. Unemployment climbed from 9 percent to 28 percent of
the Palestinian workforce in December 2000. Because of the economic
decline, physical and social service infrastructure has been neglected or
actively destroyed during conflict and thus deteriorated, while continued
political uncertainty has further discouraged investments. While the
international community concluded that the main cause of the recession is
closure and that easing closure is the most important requirement in
arresting further decline, it also concluded the PA needs to re-focus on
the institutional development and reform agenda that has been put aside
during the emergency. The main components of the PA's development
strategy--as detailed in the "Palestinian Development Plan for 1999-2003,"
presented at the Consultative Group meeting of February 1999--identify
investments in physical infrastructure and social sectors as priorities,
together with fostering economic growth and job creation and reducing
inequalities in rural areas, especially unequal access to basic
services.Local GovernmentsLocal governments in West Bank and Gaza have
crucial roles to play in the governance and economic development of the
Palestinian nation. The dominant entities in the local government system
are the municipalities, which have well established service delivery and
regulatory functions over basic infrastructure for electricity, water
supply and sanitation, solid waste management, local roads, libraries,
parks and recreation, markets, and over land use planning and development.
The next lowest level of local government, village councils, exhibit a
government structure like municipalities but often lack the broad range of
functions and revenue raising options of municipalities. Currently there
are 144 municipalities and 311 village councils in WBG. Another 228
villages are without councils and administered by appointed mukhtars
("chiefs"). Just 91 out of the total 683 localities have a population
above 5000.The role of local government is weakened by strong central
controls with extensive discretion in managing the local government system
vested in the Ministry of Local Government (MOLG). Municipalities and
village councils can be only considered marginally representative as no
elections have been held for several decades. (Local officials see
elections as necessary to strengthen their legitimacy and scope to manage
local affairs.) Women in particular have been marginalized from local
institutions and councils. Local governments are also characterized by
limited managerial, planning and administrative capacity, resulting in
lower revenues, higher expenses, and inadequate systems and financing for
proper operation and maintenance of existing assets.With encouragement of
donors, the PA has been implementing a strategy to establish regional
utilities for electricity and water and has introduced some
inter-jurisdictional Joint Service Committees for services such as solid
waste management, to promote joint responses where economies of scale may
- 2 -



improve the efficiency of service delivery without reducing
responsiveness. And the PA has introduced a unified accounting system to
make it possible to analyze municipal revenues and expenditures.
AgricultureAccording to the PA's own 1999-2003 Development Plan,
Palestinian agriculture has suffered from negligence of many basic
economic and social services in rural areas of WBG, which has resulted in
a gap between the living standards of the population in urban and rural
areas. Agriculture contributes about 12 percent of the GDP and 12-14
percent of employment. During border closures, and the resulting loss of
job opportunities in Israel, agriculture becomes a major source of income
generation and employment. The decline of agriculture is related to
structural factors such as the availability of water, agricultural roads,
marketing relationships, and advocacy groups that work on behalf of
farmers. The decline of agriculture has led to a decline in the economic
base of rural areas, which has led to a decline in the financial resources
of local institutions, which have rendered them unable to engage in any
meaningful development. See "West Bank and Gaza Agricultural Strategy
Note," World Bank Rural Development, Water and Environment Group, June
2000; and "Integrated Community Development Project West Bank Agriculture
Component Needs Assessment," Taghrid Lahham, September 2001. The PA's
agriculture policy objectives are summarized in the Palestinian
Agricultural Policy Document. The objectives include: (a) development of
rural areas, with the participation of NGOs and beneficiaries; (b) greater
private sector contribution, with the public sector role confined to
policy and legislation; (c) improved competitiveness; and (d) viability
and efficiency in the use of national resources. The PA's rural
development strategy, of which agriculture is a core component, aims at
providing infrastructure and social service development in rural areas to
reduce inequalities. However, there are serious impediments, including:
limited and inefficient use of the natural resource base, especially
scarcity of water and lack of conservation; heavy dependence on Israel for
trade and market access, which constitutes a severe constraint under
extended border closures; and low agricultural productivity. Information
and Communication Technology (ICT)In West Bank and Gaza which falls under
a lower middle income country bracket and faced with severe spatial
constraints, an information-technology-based economy would have a
particularly high potential to stimulate growth and reduce poverty.
Palestinians presently have limited access to information and
communication technology (ICT) and services, especially in rural areas and
refugee camps. For example, just 2 percent of Palestinian households have
Internet access. Although there are more than 100 internet cafes in the
West Bank and Gaza, such services remain in urban areas and services
offered in these centers are basically limited to PC use and internet
access. As a consequence, Palestinians suffer from a huge lack of access
to ICT and the wide range of services which could be reached through ICTs.
With its neighboring countries investing heavily in the ICT sector,
Palestinians runs the particular risk that the gap between them and their
neighbors widens even further and puts the WBG in a considerable economic
disadvantage. Furthermore, poorer groups of the population will continue
to be left out of the ICT revolution, leading to a widening digital divide
within the territories: . Computer availability in households ranges from
36.3 percent in central West Bank to only 14.2 percent in the Gaza strip.
Differences between urban (75.7 percent) and rural (17.8 percent) areas
and refugee camps (6.5 percent) are especially pronounced. Moreover, there
is a serious divide with respect to gender. For example, while 7.9 percent
-3 -



of men have access to the Internet, just 2.8 percent of women have access.
Finally, poorer segments in the Palestinian society lack both financial
and human resource capacities to take part in the fast development in this
sector, leading to their increasing exclusion from social and economic
processes and activities.
2. Objectives
The development objective is to improve the quality and availability of
basic social and economic services in poor and marginalized communities of
West Bank and Gaza (WBG). This objective would be realized through
financing investments in local infrastructure and institutions.
Infrastructure. Physical investments would be targeted to preserve and
extend capital stock of infrastructure owned by villages and small
municipalities in regions of WBG with the highest incidence of poverty.
Like the preceding Community Development Project (CDP) I and II, the
Integrated Community Development Project (ICDP) would finance investments
in infrastructure such as roads, water supply, schools and clinics that
are necessary for economic and employment growth and vital to human
development and poverty reduction. Such investments would help rectify the
inequalities in access to basic services that are particularly pronounced
between urban and rural areas. While urban areas would not be excluded
from the ICDP, communities with less than 5,000 population would be the
norm. Improvements in the agriculture sector such as rehabilitation of
terraces, irrigation canals, wells and access roads, would be made because
of the potential to affect employment and incomes, especially for women
who make up a large percentage of the agriculture workforce. Finally, the
project would pilot new initiatives in information and communication
technology (ICT) in pre-selected communities to begin to address the
economic and human resource constraints to ICT access in WBG.
Institutions. The ICDP would be more focused than the preceding CDPs on
enabling local government units (LGUs) to plan and manage microprojects.
LGUs include municipalities, village councils and camp service committees
(CSCs). In rural areas, farmers' cooperatives would also be eligible to
plan and manage microprojects. Emphasis would be placed on improving the
transparency, accountability and administrative capacity of LGUs to
undertake community development activities through microprojects. The
means to achieve institutional impacts would be through training and
capacity building activities in parallel with physical investments and by
transferring decision making and active roles to citizens and their local
governments.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The midterm review of CDP II and the beneficiary impact assessments
conducted on CDP I and II clearly show the success of the program in
reaching villages and small municipalities where donor financing has been
quite limited. Hence, the Bank's assistance is greatly valued by the
borrower. This is particularly relevant in refugee camps where budget
constraints in UNWRA limit the number of activities that can be funded.
The Palestinians also look to the Bank first in times of crisis. During
the present crisis, for example, the Palestinians requested and obtained
emergency assistance from the Bank for a rapid employment generation
program. Furthermore, the Bank has also been able to mobilize donor
interest for Bank-financed projects. There is already interest among a few
bilateral donors in co-financing the ICDP. Additionally, the Bank
continues to use its global experience in helping to design
-4 -



community-driven projects, including projects that aim to integrate
information technology into community development.
4. Description
Component 1: Community Development Microprojects. This component would
provide grants (maximum amount $150,000) to LGUs and farmer cooperatives
to finance about 125 community development microprojects. Proposals would
be prepared by local officials in consultation with residents and
implemented in accordance with ICDP procedures using local contractors,
suppliers and laborers. Each Community Development Microproject would
include resources for: (i) training and technical services to improve
planning, consultation and management capacities of communities and enable
them to hire a design firm and daily supervisor; (ii) civil works for
construction, extension or rehabilitation of water supply, sanitation,
solid waste management, health clinics, additions to primary and secondary
schools, community markets, feeder roads, internal roads, rehabilitation
of irrigation networks, terraces and wells or other eligible works. It is
envisioned that training in citizen participation, procurement,
maintenance planning and impacts monitoring would be mandatory for
communities to qualify for community development microprojects.Component
2: Community Telecenters. This component would finance about 10
multipurpose demonstration telecenters in preselected communities of WBG.
through grants (maximum $200,000 per telecenter) provided to LGUs. Based
on a technical and financial design proposal, submitted by local
officials, investments would include: (i) civil works for extension or
reconfiguration of existing facilities (such as community centers,
libraries, or school labs) to accommodate ICT infrastructure and programs;
(ii) goods, such as computers, software, furniture, phones, fax machine,
photocopiers, including connection to Internet services; and (iii)
technical services to assess the demand for, design, and delivery of
programs and services for up to 18 months, including the training of
telecenter staff. Since the communities would be encouraged to build on
existing facilities and partner with other actors in the sector, requests
for the maximum grant amount would be considered to be the
exception.Component 3: Project Management. This component would finance
incremental operating costs, equipment, audits, and impacts studies needed
by the Palestinian Authority for project execution and management.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER                                 2.00
OTHER SOURCES (UNIDENTIFIED)             8.00
SPECIAL FINANCING                        10.00
Total Project Cost                       20
6. Implementation
1) ICDP Steering Committee. The CDP II Steering Committee chaired by the
Minister of Local Government and comprised of representatives of PECDAR
and DORA, would be renamed the "ICDP Steering Committee". It would be
expanded to include the Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) and at least two
representatives from academia or nongovernmental organizations to ensure
broader skills and knowledge base in line with the diversity of ICDP
interventions, and it would add at least two female committee members. The
ICDP Steering Committee roles would be to: (i) consider for approval
community development and telecenter microprojects after no objection by
- 5 -



the World Bank; (ii) appoint the independent auditor; and (iii) receive
and validate quarterly progress reports, impact evaluations and other
studies. The Steering Committee would meet at least six times per year. 2)
Community Development Managers (CDMs). To improve the quality of social
appraisals and champion the community-centered approach of the ICDP, the
MOLG would recruit from the Palestinian private/NGO sector or Palestinian
diaspora two senior level and highly experienced Community Development
Managers (CDMs)--one each in West Bank and Gaza--to oversee the social
appraisal of community development and community telecenter microprojects
and administer training and capacity building activities. The CDMs would
have the authority to hire and fire their own personnel, which would be
consultants hired on an as-needed basis. The TOR and selection of the CDMs
would be subject to IDA approval. 3) ICDP Coordinating Committees. One of
the most effective implementing arrangements of the CDP I and II,
especially in Gaza, was the technical coordinating meetings between the
MOLG, PECDAR and DORA. These gatherings enabled the key agencies to
consult and make joint decisions over microprojects in order to keep
activities on schedule and budget. It is proposed that the committees be
transferred to the ICDP with some modifications. The committees would be
formally called "West Bank Area ICDP Coordinating Committee" and "Gaza
Area ICDP Coordinating Committee". Both committees would comprise one
representative each from the MOLG, PECDAR, DORA and MOA and the area CDM.
The primary functions of the Coordination Committees would be to: (i)
receive all community development microproject proposals submitted and
registered by the MOLG; (ii) review proposals to ensure coordination
between ICDP activities and other PA and donor programs and avoid
duplication of efforts; (iii) authorize field appraisal (iv) review
consultants' field appraisal reports (technical, social and financial);
and (v) make recommendations to the Steering Committee on the approval or
rejection of individual microprojects. No community development
microproject would be submitted to the Steering Committee without a
technical, social and financial quality assurance from the Coordinating
Committee. The performance of the Coordinating Committee in terms of
quality assurance would be closely monitored by continuous Technical
Reviews, annual Procurement Reviews and during IDA Supervision Missions.
4) Local Government Units (LGUs). Municipalities, village councils,
farmers' cooperatives or camp service committees would be responsible for
preparing community development and telecenter microprojects using the
ICDP proposal form and submitting them to the MOLG for processing and
consideration by the Coordinating Committees. Upon the Steering
Committee's approval of a microproject, the respective LGU and the MOLG
would sign a standard Framework Agreement authorizing the LGU to implement
its microproject in cooperation with its Microproject Management Committee
(MMC). The LGU would open a bank account to receive an advance from the
MOLG (financial transactions to be conducted by PECDAR) and receive
subsequent transfers as works are completed satisfactorily. In the event
the LGU is unable or unwilling to open a bank account, then the LGU would
authorize the PECDAR to pay the contractor directly. The LGU and MMC would
assign a municipal staff or hire a local engineer to perform daily
supervision and procure a contractor in accordance with ICDP procurement
procedures. Whereas under the CDP II contractors were accountable to
PECDAR, under the ICDP contractors would be accountable to LGUs. A works
contract would be signed between the LGU and the contractor and the LGU
would be required to sign off on the quality and quantity of work items
before a contractor would be paid. All procedures for identifying,
- 6 -



screening, implementing, supervising and reporting on microprojects would
be stipulated in the ICDP Operations Manual, which would be a revision of
the CDP II Operations Manual (March 1999). 6) Community Telecenter
Advisory Committees (TAC). Because of their unique design and technical
specifications, each telecenter microproject would be administered by a
community-level Telecenter Advisory Committee (TAC). The TAC would be
responsible for hiring a local consultant to prepare the telecenter
proposal (including business plan), mobilizing financial and in-kind cost
sharing from the community, submitting the proposal to the ICDP Steering
Committee, and managing the telecenter if the proposal is approved. The
TAC, through the LGU, would contract a manager for the telecenter to be
responsible for day-to-day management, including financial management,
staff development and programming. The TAC would coordinate ICT
development efforts at the community level, particularly with respect to
the location of the telecenter and its organizational and financial
structure. It also would evaluate MCT performance and request
modifications based on monitoring reports of the telecenter
manager.Accounting, financial reporting, and auditing arrangements:The
latest audit report for CDP II confirmed that PECDAR has performed
satisfactorily in financial management and control. Therefore, for the
ICDP, it is proposed that PECDAR continue to execute financial
transactions, perform accounting functions, prepare financial reports, and
make arrangements for external audits. It is anticipated that PECDAR would
be certified to use Project Management Reports (PMRs) for ICDP. Annual
audits would be undertaken by the PA with TORs satisfactory to the IDA and
in accordance with internationally accepted standards.Monitoring and
evaluation arrangements:Based on the experience of CDP I and II, emphasis
would be placed on the continued use of existing monitoring and evaluation
mechanisms such as quarterly reporting and in depth beneficiary impact
assessments (BIAs), but add more participatory methods of client
involvement in monitoring and evaluation at the community level. The aim
would be to develop a systematic approach to monitoring and evaluating the
impact of ICDP activities and adjusting ICDP policies and procedures on a
continuing basis. Monitoring. The Coordinating Committees would submit a
report to IDA and the Steering Committee on progress of individual
components every six months. The report format would be based on input and
output indicators given in the Logical Framework and aggregated with the
help of the Management Information System.Evaluation. To gauge development
impacts of the ICDP, monitoring and evaluation would take place at the
micro and macro levels. At the microproject level, development impact
indicators would be identified by the community in consultation with the
Community Development Manager for each microproject. For example, the
development impact of a school microproject may be gauged by looking at
enrollment levels or attendance records. A water microproject may be
gauged by hours of supply, quality and cost recovery. Telecenters may keep
records of usage patterns, i.e., which services are requested, to what
extent and at what time, and whether they are delivered in a timely
fashion. Indicators would be relevant to the problems and needs of the
community, identified by them, specified in the Framework Agreement, and
monitored by the community "before" and "after" a microproject.
Communities would be required to submit an annual "Community Development
Microproject Status and Impacts Report" to the Coordinating Committee
stipulating the status of the facility, any maintenance that was
undertaken, and report on its development indicators. Such reporting would
be required for a minimum two years from signature of the Framework
- 7 -



Agreement.At the macro level, the Coordinating Committees would contract
independent and qualified consultants with TOR agreeable to the IDA to
make special studies, such as annual BIAs, Procurement Reviews and special
evaluations of telecenter users. Technical Reviews would be underway on a
continuous basis to ensure the decentralization of microproject
implementation to LGUs maintains minimum quality standards within
contracted budgets and work schedules. A Targeting Effectiveness Study
would also be undertaken to look at how well ICDP reaches poor and
marginalized communities using the WBG Poverty Map (1998).
7. Sustainability
The risk of low sustainability remains significant under the current
political and socioeconomic situation. Reduced income from taxes and user
fees impacts the ability of villages and small municipalities to cover
recurrent costs of infrastructure investment under ICDP. Under these
conditions, decentralization and greater ownership at the grass-roots
levels would enhance sustainability. The ICDP aims to address
sustainability issues through greater stakeholder participation in the
maintenance of assets through contributions to capital and O&M costs and
taking part in mandatory training on microproject management. Lastly, the
quality of services provided through the MPs would be a major factor in
ensuring sustainability of the program and in improving the likelihood of
attracting additional donor funding.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
Decentralization of Microproject Management. One of the key lessons
learned from CDP II microprojects under $50,000 and applied in the
Emergency Response Program (ERP), is that LGUs have the capacity to
procure goods and services if they are given the necessary standard
documents and are held accountable for their performance. Furthermore,
according to BIAs and special studies done in preparation for the ICDP,
local councils, other officials and residents have a strong willingness to
assume greater responsibilities for their infrastructure investments,
including procurement and supervision. Taking these lessons into
consideration, the ICDP would build on the experience of CDP I and II by
making LGUs more responsible and accountable for procurement, supervision,
payment and reporting of microprojects. Another lesson learned is that the
implementing partners have not enthusiastically and completely implemented
capacity building activities alongside physical works. Accordingly, under
ICDP, more capacity-building activities specifically targeting LGUs would
be carried out and administered directly and independently by the MOLG
under the authority of two Community Development Managers. Some training
modules would be made mandatory for communities to qualify for a community
development and telecenter microproject (i.e. community participation in
microproject planning and implementation, impacts monitoring, maintenance
planning, and procurement). Other training modules (such as land use
planning, municipal budgeting, fund-raising) would be available upon
demand and financed through Planning and Administration Grants. Elected
officials of farmer cooperatives would also be eligible to receive
training grants so long as they have a minimum 30 cooperative members.
LGUs and farmers cooperatives would be required to match a minimum 10
percent of the grant amount. Skills Upgrading for Community Driven
Development. Repeatedly, outside analysts found that most community
members valued their microproject but wanted more information and control
over it. Even though the Operations Manual specified that community
- 8 -



consultation methods be verified, in some cases the human resources with
the experience, time and know-how were unavailable to ensure that
community participation was genuine and effective. Under the ICDP, social
appraisals, including verification and support for community
participation, would be transferred to two champions of community
development with extensive field experience in Arabic-speaking countries.
They would be hired to redirect the ICDP away from a narrower focus on
physical works to a stronger model of community-driven development. The
CDMs would hire locally available consultants to perform social appraisals
of individual microprojects, deliver training and act as facilitators of
community-centered participatory planning, help communities identify their
problems, propose solutions and assess whether they are achieving the
desired improvements. The effectiveness of CDMs would be assessed after 18
months of Project effectiveness. Community-Based ICT. Despite numerous
private sector initiatives in ICT investment, concentrated in urban areas,
the Palestinians still lack experience with community-based ICT
development. But several surveys, particularly a rural IT needs assessment
conducted under the preparation of the Welfare Association's (WA's) rural
IT project and the ICT needs and institutional assessment during ICDP
preparation, suggest strong community support for such projects, even with
limited knowledge of the technology's potential impact on social and
economic opportunities. Lessons learned from ICT projects in rural
communities in other parts of the world have been would be incorporated
into telecenter design under the proposed ICDP. They include: (i) perform
community-specific needs and institutional assessment, including the
willingness and capacity of community members and local authorities to pay
for ICT services; (ii) pilot telecenters rather than embark on a full ICT
project; (iii) local ownership and mobilize strong participation of
communities in the design and operation of the centers; (iv) provide
intense monitoring and regular evaluation of services and costs of
telecenter operation,; (v) obtain including direct feedback from users
during telecenter operation, and allow user-initiated modification of the
centers' service structure; (vi) develop close linkage with existing
initiatives, such as the Palestinian Development Gateway; and (vii) train
telecenter staff in the creation and mobilization of locally relevant
information.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  A recent assessment of the environmental impacts of
CDP II microprojects found that the impacts are mainly positive for most
microprojects. "ICDP Environmental Management Plan," Engineering and
Management Consulting Center, West Bank and Gaza, October 2001. Positive
impacts include improved public health and ground water protection from
sewage and water projects; reduced dust and improved drainage and road
safety especially for roads near schools; and positive educational and
cultural atmosphere from rehabilitation and construction of schools and
public buildings. While no serious issues were identified, the assessment
revealed that some measures introduced in CDP II to integrate
environmental assessment into design and implementation of microprojects
have not been fulfilled. The CDP II called for (i) creation of an
environmental unit in the PECDAR; (ii) training of staff in environmental
appraisal; and (iii) monitoring and evaluation of mitigation measures
during site visits. The recent assessment revealed that some environmental
- 9-



considerations are included in contract documents but no environmental
expert has been appointed to monitor microprojects. The analysis resulted
in the following recommendations that will be considered by the ICDP
Appraisal Mission: (i) out-sourcing site specific environmental screening
for earmarked microprojects and establishing a network of practitioners
with technical analysis capability; (ii) training daily supervisors and
contractors in environmental protection; and (iii) conducting
site-specific environmental screening and mitigation measures for randomly
selected microprojects at least twice a year.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Kanthan Shankar
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone: 202 473 2729
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending Jan. 11, 2002
- 10 -



