Page  1
December 26, 1990
Lic. Raul Boada
President
Banco Central de Bolivia
Calle Mercado esq. Ayacucho 
s/n
Casilla 3118
La Paz, Bolivia
BOLIVIA - 
Eastern Lowlands: Natural 
Resource Management
Agricultural 
Production Project (Credit 
2119-BO)
- Amendment of 
the Project Agreement
Dear Sir:
We refer to the 
agreement (the Project 
Agreement) entered into 
between the Banco Central 
de Bolivia and the 
International Development 
Association (the 
Association) dated May 7, 
1990, and the Agreement 
(the Credit Agreement) 
between the Republic of 
Bolivia (the Borrower) and 
the Association of even 
date therewith. We are 
pleased to inform you that, 
pursuant to our recent 
discussions on the subject, 
the Association agrees to 
amend the Project Agreement 
as follows:
1.
Section 2.08
In Section 
2.08, the date "September 
30, 199011 is replaced by 
the new 
date 
"March 31, 1991".
Please confirm your 
agreement to the foregoing 
amendment by signing and 
dating this letter in the 
space provided below 
whereupon this amendment 
shall become effective. 
Upon your confirmation, 
irmation, please return one 
fully executed original to 
us.
Because of their 
interest in this matter, 
and in the Credit 
Agreement, we are copying 
this amendment to the 
Borrower.
Page  2
Very truly yours,
By /s/ Ping-Cheung Loh
Country Director
Latin America and the 
Caribbean Regional Office
BANCO CENTRAL DE BOLIVIA
By /s/ Paul Boada
Authorized Representative
Date:
1991
