Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2468 PAK
                         Project Agreement
              (1992 Flood Damage Restoration Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                    NATIONAL HIGHWAY AUTHORITY
                                and
                        PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                                and
                         PROVINCE OF SINDH
                                and
                   NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                                and
                      PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                                and
                      AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR
                        Dated May 19, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2468 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 19, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and NATIONAL HIGHWAY
AUTHORITY (NHA), PROVINCE OF PUNJAB acting by its Governor (Punjab),
PROVINCE OF SINDH acting by its Governor (Sindh), NORTH WEST
FRONTIER PROVINCE acting by its Governor (NWFP), PROVINCE OF
BALOCHISTAN acting by its Governor (Balochistan) and AZAD JAMMU AND
KASHMIR acting by its President (AJK).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the Borrower) and
the Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to seventy-two
million eight hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 72,800,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that NHA,
Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be made available to NHA, Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK, in
consideration of the Association's entering into the Development
Credit Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and
AJK declare their commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement, and, to
this end, shall carry out their activities under the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for their
activities under the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and NHA, Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK shall otherwise agree, NHA, Punjab,
Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK shall carry out their activities
under the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 4 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK shall, for
the purposes of their activities under the Project, open and
maintain in dollars, and upon request from them the Association
shall deposit funds directly into, special deposit accounts in the
National Bank of Pakistan on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, such Special
Accounts, shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
by NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK for the Project and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed
by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK
shall carry out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of the Project Agreement and their respective Parts of the
Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and
AJK shall, at the request of the Association, exchange views with
the Association with regard to the progress of their activities
under the Project, the performance of their obligations under this
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK shall
promptly inform the Association of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of their activities under
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or
the performance by NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK of
Page  3
their obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and
AJK shall maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices their operations and
financial condition in respect of the Project.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (c)   NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraphs (a) and (b) (i) of this Section and
                  those for their Special Accounts for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the following two
dates:
Page  4
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify NHA,
Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For NHA:
            National Highway Authority
            P.O. Box 1205
            27, Mauve Area
            Islamabad
            Pakistan
                                          Telex:
                                             952-54379
      For Punjab:
            Planning and Development Board
            Government of Punjab
            Lahore, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               82-04-4868
                  Lahore                    Punjab Secretariat
                  Pakistan                  Lahore, Pakistan
      For Sindh:
            Planning and Development Department
Page  5
            Government of Sindh
            Karachi, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT SINDH         952-23950
                  Karachi
                  Pakistan
      For NWFP:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of North West Frontier Province
            Peshawar, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               952-52371
                  Peshawar
                  Pakistan
      For Balochistan:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Balochistan
            Quetta, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               7875 BLNSE PK
                  Quetta
                  Pakistan
      For AJK:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Azad Jammu and Kashmir
            Muzzafarabad, Azad Jammu and Kashmir
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and
AJK, or by NHA, Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Balochistan and AJK on behalf
of the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken
or executed by the Chairman, NHA, by the Chairman, Planning and
Development Board, in the case of Punjab, and by the Additional
Chief Secretary (Development), in the case of each of Sindh, NWFP,
Balochistan and AJK or such other person or persons as they shall
designate in writing, and they shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
Page  6
                  NATIONAL HIGHWAY AUTHORITY
                  PROVINCE OF PUNJAB
                  PROVINCE OF SINDH
                  NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                  PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                  AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR
                  By /s/ Agha Ghazanfar
                                         Authorized Representative
