Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1831 ZR
             Development Credit Agreement
            (Structural Adjustment Credit)
                        between
                   REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated July 29, 1987
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 1831 ZR
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 29, 1987, between the REPUBLIC
OF ZAIRE (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter,
dated June 2, 1987, from the Borrower describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
achieve structural adjustment of the Borrower's economy
(hereinafter called the Program), declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting assistance from the Association in the
financing of urgently needed imports required during such
execution;
     (B)  the Borrower has also requested the
Association, acting as Administrator of the Special
Facility for Sub-Saharan Africa (the African Facility)
established by its Executive Directors by Resolution No.
IDA 85-1 of May 21, 1985, to provide additional
assistance in support of the Program and, by an agreement
of even date herewith between the Borrower and the
Association as Administrator of the African Facility (the
African Facility Credit Agreement), the Association is
agreeing to provide such assistance in an aggregate
principal amount equivalent to seventy-two million two
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 72,200,000);
     (C)  the Borrower also intends to receive additional
Page  2
financing for the Program from Japan in an amount
equivalent to two billion two hundred million yen, one-
half in the form of a grant and the other half in the
form of a loan;
     (D)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided, in support of the Program, to
provide assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit
in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth
below (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement:
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to
read:
          "'Project' means the imports and other
     activities that may be financed out of the proceeds
     of the Credit pursuant to the provisions of
     Schedule I to the Development Credit Agreement.";
     (b)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c)  Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Borrower and the
     Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
     to the Association a report, of such scope and in
     such detail as the Association shall reasonably
     request, on the execution of the Program referred
     to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
     Association of their respective obligations under
     the Development Credit Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit."; and
     (c)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the United Nations Standard
International Trade Classification, 1974 Revision (SITC,
Rev. 2), published in Commodity Indexes for the Standard
International Trade Classification, Revised, Statistical
Papers, Series M, No. 38/Rev.2 (1981);
     (b)  "Zaires" and "Z" mean the currency of the
Borrower; and
     (c)  "Special Account A" means the account referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Development Credit Agreement, an
Page  3
amount in various currencies equivalent to forty-two
million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
42,200,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of this Section and of Schedules 1 and 2 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  he Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Program, open and maintain in dollars in a commercial
bank a special account (Special Account A) on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of, Special Account A shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1988, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge at the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time. The
commitment charge shall accrue from a date sixty days
after the date of the Development Credit Agreement to the
respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or shall be
cancelled.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may, from time to time, be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on April 1 and October I in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Credit in semiannual installments payable
on each April 1 and October 1 commencing October 1, 1997,
and ending April 1, 2037. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on April 1, 2007, shall
be one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be one and
one-half percent (1-1/2%) of such principal amount.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions.
     Section 2.09. The Bank of Zaire is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking
any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions and, without limitation or
restriction to the foregoing, the Borrower hereby
entrusts the Bank of Zaire with responsibility for the
Page  4
preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit,
and for the collection of the documents and other
evidence to be furnished to the Association in support of
such applications; such withdrawal applications shall, to
the extent practicable, be consolidated so as to apply
for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
$5,000,000 equivalent.
                      ARTICLE III
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association
shall, from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Program and the actions specified in Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association, for its review
and comment, a report on the progress achieved in
carrying out the Program, in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by
the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect, in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices, the expenditures financed out
of.the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section,
               including those for Special Account A,
               audited for each fiscal year in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records and accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall,
               from time to time, reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
Page  5
               Association has received the audit report
               for the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account or
               payment out of Special Account A was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts be
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section, and
               that the report of such audit contain a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall sell the foreign
currencies disbursed from the Credit Account to the
purchasers of goods under the Program at the Kinshasa
interbank rate or other market determined rate.
                      ARTICLE IV
            Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  an event has occurred which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out; and
     (b)  (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph:
               (A)  the right of the Borrower to
                    withdraw the proceeds of any grant
                    or loan made to the Borrower for the
                    financing of the Program shall have
                    been suspended, cancelled or
                    terminated in whole or in part,
                    pursuant to the terms of the
                    agreement providing therefor; or
               (B)  any such loan shall have become due
                    and payable prior to the agreed
                    maturity thereof.
          (ii) Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A)  such suspension, cancellation,
                    termination or prematuring is not
                    caused by the failure of the
                    Borrower to perform any of its
                    obligations under such agreement;
                    and
               (B)  adequate funds for the Program are
                    available to the Borrower from other
                    sources on terms and conditions
                    consistent with the obligations of
Page  6
                    the Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that any event specified in paragraph
4.01 (b) (i) (B) shall have occurred, subject to the
proviso of paragraph (b) (ii) of that Section.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the
Development Credit Agreement within the meaning of
Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
     (a)  that all conditions precedent to the
effectiveness of the African Facility Credit Agreement
have been fulfilled;
     (b)  that the functions of the OZAC and the OZACAF
in the coffee market have been unified;
     (c)  that the earmarking of the turnover tax on
final products (CCA) has been eliminated so that the
proceeds of such tax are paid over to the Treasury;
     (d)  that the legal proceedings for the liquidation
of the Institut Zairois de Management, the Centre de
Commerce International, and the Office National de
Logement have been initiated; and
     (e)  that the census of civil service positions and
staff has been completed and computerized and that vacant
positions not to be filled have been eliminated from the
payrolls.
     Section 5.02. The date sixty (60) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of
this Agreement, the Commissioner of State of the Borrower
responsible for finance is designated as representative
of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Departement des Finances
          Boite Postale No. 12997
          Kinshasa 1
          Republic of Zaire
          Cable address:                Telex:
               DENFIN                   21161 KIN/GOMBE
               Kinshasa
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  7
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
               By /s/ NGUZ a KARL-i-BOND
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods required during
the execution of the Program and to be financed out of
such proceeds.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph I above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112          -           Alcoholic beverages
     121          -           Tobacco, unmanufactured
                              tobacco refuse
     122          -           Tobacco, manufactured
     667          -           Pearls, precious and
                              semi-precious stones,
                              unworked or worked
     688          -           Uranium depleted in U235
                              and thorium, and their
                              alloys, unwrought or
                              wrought, and articles
                              therefor,  n.e.s.; waste
                              and scrap of uranium
                              depleted in U235 and of
Page  8
                              thorium
     718       718.7          Nuclear reactors,
                              and parts thereof,
                              n.e.s.
     897       897.3          Jewelry of gold,
                              silver or platinum
                              group metals (except
                              watches and watch
                              cases) and
                              goldsmiths' or
                              silversmiths' wares
                              (including set gems)
      -        971.0          Gold, non-monetary
                              (excluding gold ores
                              and concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or
for goods or services supplied from the territory of the
Borrower;
     (c)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement;
     (d)  expenditures for goods procured under contracts
costing less than $20,000 equivalent;
     (e)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Association shall
have financed or agreed to finance;
     (f)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption; or
     (g)  expenditures in excess of an aggregate amount
equivalent to SDR 10,000,000 for petroleum products or
for foodstuffs.
3.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to the Borrower or others
in respect of expenditures to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit after the aggregate of the
proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the Credit Account
and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 21,100,000, unless the
Association shall be satisfied, after an exchange of
views as described in Section 3.01 of this Agreement: (a)
with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; and (b) that the actions
described in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have been
taken.
4.   If, after such exchange of views, the Association is
not so satisfied and this situation shall not be
rectified by the Borrower within 90 days after notice
thereof by the Association, then the Association may, by
notice to the Borrower, cancel the amount of the Credit
unwithdrawn from the Credit Account or any part thereof.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                   Special Account A
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required during the execution of the Program
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit in
Page  9
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
     (b)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount of $15,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account and deposited into Special Account A pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
payments out of Special Account A shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that Special Account A has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish Special Account A may
be made as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on behalf
of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
deposit into Special Account A such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Association
requests for replenishment of Special Account A at such
intervals or in such minimum amounts as the Association
shall specify. On the basis of such requests, the
Association shall withdraw from the Credit Account and
deposit into Special Account A such amounts as shall be
required to replenish Special Account A with amounts not
exceeding the amount of payments made out of Special
Account A for eligible expenditures. Each such deposit
shall be withdrawn by the Association from the Credit
Account in the respective equivalent amounts as shall
have been justified by the evidence supporting the
request for such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of Special
Account A, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
such documents and other evidence as the Association
shall reasonably request, showing that such payment was
made for eligible expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into Special Account
A shall be made by the Association when either of the
following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Association shall have determined
               that all further withdrawals should be
               made by the Borrower directly from the
               Credit Account in accordance with the
               provisions of Article V of the General
               Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
               2.02 of this Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the
               Credit, minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Association pursuant to Sec-
               tion 5.02 of the General Conditions,
               shall be equal to the equivalent of twice
               the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall
follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall
Page  10
be made only after and to the extent that the Association
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in Special Account A as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of Special Account A: (i) was
made f or any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, deposit into Special Account
A (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or
justified. No further deposit by the Association into
Special Account A shall be made until the Borrower has
made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in Special Account A
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association, refund to the Association
such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                      Procurement
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more each shall be
awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and 11 of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Forum, Business
               Edition; or
          (ii) an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               international circulation; or
         (iii) a notice to local representatives of
               countries and territories referred
               to in the Guidelines, that are
               potential suppliers of the goods
               required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
Page  11
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price in a
     single currency widely used in international trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $1,000,000 each shall be awarded on the
basis of the normal procurement procedures of the
purchaser of such goods.
3.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together
with the analysis of the respective bids and
recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such
other information as the Association shall reasonably
request.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Association, prior to the submission to the
Association of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may
reasonably request to support withdrawal applications in
respect of such contract.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Schedule, where payments under a contract are
to be made out of the proceeds of Special Account A, the
copies of such contract or the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 of this
Schedule, as the case may be, shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence required under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
6.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 3, 4 and
5 shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.
                      SCHEDULE 4
        Actions Referred to in Paragraph 3 (b)
            of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.   Revision of macroeconomic framework for 1988-91
including the level and composition of the 1988-91 Public
Investment Program;
2.   establishment of an oversight structure for
supervision of public enterprises, and the appointment of
its head;
3.   classification of enterprises to be maintained in
state portfolio, liquidated or wholly or partially
privatized;
4.   finalization of a restructuring and reorganization
program for public enterprises remaining in the state
portfolio; and
5.   completion of financial and administrative
Page  12
arrangements for the retirement of eligible public
employees.
