Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                 AFRICAN FACILITY CREDIT NUMBER A-30-ZR
                        (Amendment)
                  Agreement Amending
           African Facility Credit Agreement
            (Structural Adjustment Credit)
                        between
                 THE REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                as ADMINISTRATOR of the
        SPECIAL FACILITY FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA
                Dated December 29, 1989
                 AFRICAN FACILITY CREDIT NUMBER A-30-ZR
                        (Amendment)
                  AGREEMENT AMENDING
           AFRICAN FACILITY CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 29, 1989, between the
REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION as ADMINISTRATOR of the SPECIAL
FACILITY FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA (the Administrator).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower and the Administrator have
entered into an African Facility Credit Agreement
(Structural Adjustment Credit), dated July 29, 1987 (the
African Facility Credit Agreement), in an amount of
seventy-two million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 72,200,000) for the purpose of assisting in
the financing of the program (hereinafter called the
Program) described in a letter, dated June 2, 1987, from
the Borrower to the Administrator and referred to in
Recital (B) of the Preamble to the African Facility
Credit Agreement;
     (B)  the Borrower has subsequently requested the
Administrator to provide additional assistance in support
of the Program; and
     WHEREAS the Administrator has agreed on the basis,
Page  2
inter alia, of the foregoing to provide such additional
assistance to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
          Amendments to the African Facility
                   Credit Agreement
     Section 1.01. Section 2.01 of the African Facility
Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
          "Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to
     lend to the Borrower, on the terms and conditions
     set forth or referred to in the African Facility
     Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
     equivalent to eighty-three million two hundred
     thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 83,200,000) in
     two tranches, the first tranche being an amount in
     various currencies equivalent to seventy-two
     million two hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
     (SDR 72,200,000) (the First Tranche), and the
     second tranche being an amount in various
     currencies equivalent to eleven million Special
     Drawing Rights (SDR 11,000,000) (the Second
     Tranche)."
     Section 1.02. Section 2.02 of the African Facility
Credit Agreement is amended by adding a new paragraph (c)
as follows:
          "(c) Except as the Borrower and the
     Administrator shall otherwise agree, all amounts
     withdrawn from the African Facility Credit Account
     or made subject to a special commitment pursuant to
     Section 5.02 of the General Conditions shall
     initially be charged against the First Tranche
     until that Tranche has been exhausted, and shall
     thereafter be charged against the Second Tranche."
     Section 1.03. Section 2.04 is deleted in its
entirety and the following is substituted therefor:
          "Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to
     the Association a commitment charge on the
     principal amount of the Credit not withdrawn from
     time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
     as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the
     rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per
     annum.
          (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i)
     on the amount of the First Tranche, from a date
     sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
     accrual date) and on the amount of the Second
     Tranche, from the date sixty days after the date of
     the agreement granting the Second Tranche, in each
     case to the respective dates on which amounts shall
     be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
     Account or cancelled; (ii) at the rate set as of
     the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date
     or at such other rates as may be set from time to
     time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.
     The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall be
     applied as of the next payment date in that year
     specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, except
     that the rate set as of June 30, 1988 shall be
     applied as of July 1, 1988.
Page  3
          (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i)
     at such places as the Association shall reasonably
     request; (ii) without restrictions of any kind
     imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
     and (iii) in the currency specified in this
     Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
     General Conditions or in such other eligible
     currency or currencies as may from time to time be
     designated or selected pursuant to the provisions
     of that Section."
                      ARTICLE II
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 2.01. (a) This Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the
Administrator shall have been furnished to the
Administrator that the execution of this Agreement on
behalf of the Borrower has been duly authorized or rati-
fied by all necessary governmental action.
     (b)  As part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, there shall be
furnished to the Administrator an opinion, satisfactory
to the Administrator, of counsel acceptable to the
Administrator showing, on behalf of the Borrower, that
this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by,
and executed on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
     Section 2.02. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Administrator
dispatches to the Borrower notice of its acceptance of
the evidence required by Section 2.01 above.
     Section 2.03. If this Agreement shall not have come
into force and effect by a date sixty (60) days after the
date of this Agreement, this Agreement and all
obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate,
unless the Administrator establishes a later date for the
purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the
African Facility Credit Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect, as if this Agreement had not been
executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Amending Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
               REPUBLIC OF ZAIRE
               By /s/ Mushobekwa Kalimba wa Katana
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    as ADMINISTRATOR of the SPECIAL FACILITY
                    FOR SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA
Page  4
               By /s/ Ismail Serageldin
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
