Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3139 MA
                   Project Agreement
             (Rubber Industry Smallholders
            Development Authority Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
  RUBBER INDUSTRY SMALLHOLDERS DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                Dated January 11, 1990
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3139 MA
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 11, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and RUBBER INDUSTRY SMALLHOLDERS DEVELOPMENT
AUTHORITY (RISDA).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Malaysia (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an
amount in various currencies equivalent to seventy-one
million dollars ($71,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that RISDA agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and RISDA, part of the proceeds
of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to RISDA on the terms and conditions set
forth in the said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS RISDA, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
Page  2
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) RISDA declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and agricultural practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Bank and
RISDA shall otherwise agree, RISDA shall carry out the
Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. RISDA shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9,08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. RISDA shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, RISDA shall not take
or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) RISDA shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  RISDA shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of Loan, or the performance by RISDA of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
          Management and Operations of RISDA
     Section 3.01. RISDA shall carry on its operations
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial, engineering, agricultural and
environmental practices under the supervision of
Page  3
qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. RISDA shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and
agricultural practices.
     Section 3.03. RISDA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) RISDA shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  RISDA shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year,
               (A) certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited,
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested;
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request; and
          (iv) furnish to the Bank by December 31, 1990,
               the statements and reports referred to in
               Section 4.01 (b) (ii) hereinabove,
               covering the period up to the end of the
               Borrower's fiscal year 1989.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of RISDA thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
Page  4
notify RISDA thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA) or
                                      64145 (WUI)
     For RISDA:
          P.O. BOX 11067
          Jalan Ampang
          50734 Kuala Lumpur
          Malaysia
          Cable address:           Telex:
               RISKUL                MA 31211
               Kuala Lumpur
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of RISDA may be
taken or executed by its Director General or such other
person or persons as the Director General shall designate
in writing, and RISDA shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
Page  5
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Attila Karaosmanoglu
                                Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               RUBBER INDUSTRY SMALLHOLDERS
                  DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
               By /s/ Albert S. Talalla
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Malaysia may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Works under Parts A and B of the Project may be
carried out by smallholders in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Contracts for works under Parts D and E of the
Project may be awarded on the basis of local competitive
bidding procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.   The following may be awarded in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of bids
from at least five contractors eligible under the
Guidelines:
     (a)  Contracts for works under Part D of the Project
up to an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$5,000,000.
     (b)  Contracts for works under Part E of the Project
up to an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$2,000,000.
4.   Contracts for goods under Part C of the Project up
to an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$4,000,000, may be awarded on the basis of local
competitive bidding procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
5.   Miscellaneous items grouped in packages estimated to
cost less than the equivalent of $20,000 per package and
Page  6
up to an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$1,000,000, may be procured in accordance with the
Borrower's procurement procedures satisfactory to the
Bank.
6.   Proprietary chemicals may be procured directly from
qualified suppliers in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
7.   Planting materials may be provided by nurseries in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
     Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract awarded in
accordance with procedures described in Part A hereof,
and with respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
the basis of statements of expenditure. Such contracts
shall be retained in accordance with Section 4.01 (a)
(ii) of the Loan Agreement.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist RISDA in carrying out the
Project, RISDA shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   RISDA shall, in accordance with a program
satisfactory to the Bank, improve its institutional
efficiency.
2.   RISDA shall by September 30, 1990 complete, in
accordance with terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, the studies under Part I of the Project.
3.   Crop choice continues to be the prerogative of the
replanters, except in cases where such choices are
agroclimatically unsuitable. RISDA shall, therefore,
refrain from administrative intervention to enforce
specific crop ratios in replanting.
4.   RISDA shall:
     (a)  establish and maintain a record of trainees by
gender; and
Page  7
     (b)  begin implementation of a program satisfactory
to the Bank:
          (i)  to increase the number of women trainees
               at RISDA training institutes; and
          (ii) to expand facilities for in-situ training
               of women in villages.
5.   RISDA shall, with respect to Part H of the Project,
submit to the Bank for approval, all proposals for
overseas training.
6.   RISDA shall, with respect to Part E of the Project:
     (a)  upgrade specifications for agricultural access
roads to those for agricultural roads;
     (b)  establish a separate account for infrastructure
maintenance; and
     (c)  provide adequate and timely funds for
infrastructure maintenance.
