Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3476 TU
                    (Berke Hydropower Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                      CUKUROVA ELEKTRIK A.S.
                        Dated June 12, 1992
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3476 TU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 12, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and CUKUROVA ELEKTRIK A.S.
(CEAS).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Turkey (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to two hundred seventy million dollars
($270,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that CEAS agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CEAS, the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be relent to CEAS on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (C)   CEAS intends to contract from other sources of finance
(the Cofinanciers) loans (the Cofinanciers' Loans) in an amount
equivalent to about $100,000,000 to assist in financing the Project
Page  2
on terms and conditions set forth in agreements (the Cofinanciers'
Agreements) to be entered into between CEAS and the Cofinanciers;
and
      WHEREAS CEAS, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) CEAS declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices
and in accordance with health, safety and environmental standards
satisfactory to the Bank, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   In order to assist in the carrying out of the Project,
CEAS shall employ consultants with qualifications and experience and
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CEAS shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. CEAS shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, CEAS shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CEAS shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the Project,
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CEAS shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by CEAS of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. In order to facilitate the timely carrying out
of Part A (4) of the Project, CEAS shall take all action required on
its part to ensure that the feasibility study and the detailed
designs under Part C (1) of the Project shall be completed, under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, by December 31, 1993.
Page  3
      Section 2.07. In order to facilitate the proper carrying out
of Part B of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof, CEAS shall:
      (a)   carry out the environmental mitigation and enhancement
programs under Part B (1) of the Project in respect of Part A (1)
and (2) of the Project and the resettlement program under Part B (2)
of the Project in accordance with plans of action agreed with the
Bank;
      (b)   prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, and furnish to the Bank, by December 31, 1992, an
environmental review and action plan for the carrying out of the
environmental mitigation and enhancement program under Part B (1) of
the Project in respect of Part A (3) of the Project, and,
thereafter, finalize and carry out the same taking into
consideration the Bank's views thereon;
      (c)   maintain arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, for:
(i) the monitoring and evaluation of the carrying out of said action
plans; (ii) the preparation and furnishing to the Bank of suitable
reports on the conclusions and recommendations of such monitoring
and evaluation; and (iii) the updating of the said action plans and
implementing the measures required to ensure the achievement of the
objectives of Part B of the Project on the basis of the conclusions
and recommendations of the reports prepared pursuant to subparagraph
(ii) hereof and the Bank's comments thereon.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of CEAS
      Section 3.01. CEAS shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering, public utility and health, safety and environmental
practices under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. (a) CEAS shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      (b)   Without limiting the generality of paragraph (a) of this
Section and of Section 9.08 of the General Conditions, CEAS shall:
(i) under arrangements satisfactory to the Bank cause the dam and
appurtenant structures constructed under the Project to be
periodically inspected, not less frequently than once a year, in
accordance with sound engineering practices in order to determine,
whether there are any deficiencies in the condition of such
structures, or in the quality and adequacy of maintenance or methods
of operations of the same, which may endanger their safety; (ii)
furnish to the Bank, promptly after each such inspection, the
conclusions and recommendations thereof; and (iii) take all
necessary action to ensure the safe condition of such structures and
the proper quality and adequacy of maintenance and methods of
operations of the same in accordance with sound engineering
practices and on the basis of the conclusions and recommendations of
each such inspection.
      Section 3.03. CEAS shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. CEAS shall: (a) review with the Bank any
proposal for the transfer to CEAS of title or operating rights to
power facilities not owned or operated by CEAS as of the date of
this Agreement; and (b) not agree to such a transfer except after
the Bank and CEAS shall have agreed that such a transfer will not
Page  4
affect materially and adversely the financial condition of CEAS or
its ability to conduct its business.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CEAS shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   CEAS shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
CEAS shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of CEAS shows that the estimated net
revenues of CEAS for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.2 times the estimated debt service
requirements of CEAS in such year on all debt of CEAS, including the
debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of CEAS
                   maturing by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)    Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
          (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations and net non-
                         operating income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations including administration,
                         adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
                         in lieu of taxes and dividends paid, but
                         excluding provision for depreciation,
                         other non-cash operating charges and
                         interest and other charges on debt.
Page  5
           (iv)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
           (vi)    The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                   prepared by CEAS not earlier than twelve months
                   prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                   which both the Bank and CEAS accept as reason-
                   able and as to which the Bank has notified CEAS
                   of its acceptability, provided that no event has
                   occurred since such notification which has, or
                   may reasonably be expected in the future to
                   have, a material adverse effect on the financial
                   condition or future operating results of CEAS.
          (vii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      (c)   Section 4.02 of the Project Agreement (Sir Hydropower
Project) dated September 2, 1986, between the Bank and CEAS is
hereby amended to read as set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of
this Section.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of CEAS thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Bank
shall promptly notify CEAS thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
Page  6
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For CEAS:
            Cukurova Elektrik A.S.
            P.O. Box 239
            01322-Adana
            Republic of Turkey
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   HIDROELEKTRIK             62735 CEASTR
                   Turkey
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of CEAS, or by CEAS on behalf of the Borrower
under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the General
Director of CEAS or such other person or persons as said General
Director shall designate in writing, and CEAS shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Michael Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
                         CUKUROVA ELEKTRIK A.S.
                         By /s/ Mahfi Egilmez
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
Page  7
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for works shall be prequalified as provided in
paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Republic of
Turkey may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers from at least
three different countries eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Contracts for specialized equipment under Part C (2) of the
Project, estimated to cost in the aggregate the equivalent of
$300,000, may be awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:    Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for the purpose of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
Page  8
      Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded to consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World
Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
