Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3696 ZIM
                        Guarantee Agreement
                       (Third Power Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated April 5, 1994
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3696 ZIM
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 5, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Zimbabwe Electricity Supply
Authority (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to ninety million dollars
($90,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agrees to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan as
provided in this Agreement; and
      (C)   the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall, promptly as required, take
all necessary action as its part to enable the Borrower to fulfil
its obligations under Sections 4.04, 5.03, 5.04, 5.05 and 5.06 of
the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall cause its Tender Board to
cooperate with the Borrower to achieve the objective specified in
Section 3.04 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall provide full financing for
any grid extension or other investment it requires the Borrower to
undertake, maintain or operate, which the Guarantor considers to be
socially important but which is not financially viable.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister responsible for finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
Page  3
            Ministry of Finance
            Private Bag 7705
            Causeway, Harare
            Zimbabwe
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  MINFIN                     MINFIN 22141 ZW
                  Harare                     Zimbabwe
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE
                  By /s/ Amos Midzi
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
