Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2840-YEM
                Development Credit Agreement
                 (Economic Recovery Credit)
                           between
                      REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                             and
            INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    Dated April 22, 1996
                                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2840-YEM
                DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 22, 1996 between REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
     WHEREAS (A)    the Association has received a letter
dated March 7, 1996, from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the
Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution
of the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association
in support of the Program during the execution thereof; and
     (B) on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide
such assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in two
tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                          ARTICLE I
               General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
Page  2
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
          "'Project' means the Program, referred to in the
     Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement in support of
     which the Credit is made.";
     (b)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
     (c)  Section 4.01 is modified to read:
          "Except as the Association and the Borrower shall
     otherwise agree, withdrawals from the Credit Account shall
     be made in the currency of the deposit account specified
     in Section 2.02 of the Development Credit Agreement.";
     (d)  Section 5.01 is modified to read:
          "The Borrower shall be entitled to withdraw from the
     Credit Account the proceeds of the Credit in accordance
     with the provisions of the Development Credit Agreement
     and of these General Conditions.  Except as the
     Association and the Borrower shall otherwise agree, no
     withdrawals shall be made:  (a) on account of expenditures
     in the territories of any country which is not a member of
     the Bank or for goods produced in, or services supplied
     from, such territories; or (b) for the purpose of any
     payment to persons or entities, or for any import of
     goods, if such payment or import, to the knowledge of the
     Association, is prohibited by a decision of the United
     Nations Security Council taken under Chapter VII of the
     Charter of the United Nations.";
     (e)  The last sentence of Section 5.03 is deleted;
     (f)  Section 9.06 (c) is modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date
     or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose
     between the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower
     shall prepare and furnish to the Association a report, of
     such scope and in such detail as the Association shall
     reasonably request, on the execution of the Program
     referred to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
     Association of their respective obligations under the
     Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
     purposes of the Credit."; and
     (g)  Section 9.04 is deleted and Sections 9.05, 9.06 (as
modified above), 9.07, and 9.08 are renumbered respectively,
Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06 and 9.07.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the
United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
and
     (b)  "Environmentally Hazardous Goods" means goods, the
manufacture, use or import of which is prohibited under the
laws of the Borrower or international agreements to which the
Borrower is a party.
                         ARTICLE II
Page  3
                         The Credit
     Section 2.01.  The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to fifty three million seven hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 53,700,000).
     Section 2.02. (a)  Subject to the provisions of paragraphs
(b), (c) and (d) of this Section, the Borrower shall be
entitled to withdraw the proceeds of the Credit from the Credit
Account in support of the Program.
     (b)  The Borrower shall open, prior to furnishing to the
Association the first request for withdrawal from the Credit
Account, and thereafter maintain in the Central Bank, a deposit
account in the currency of the United States of America on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.  All
withdrawals from the Credit Account shall be deposited by the
Association into such deposit account.
     (c)  The Borrower undertakes that the proceeds of the
Credit shall not be used to finance expenditures excluded
pursuant to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.  If
the Association shall have determined at any time that any
proceeds of the Credit shall have been used to make a payment
for an expenditure excluded pursuant to the provisions of said
Schedule 1, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association, (i) deposit into the deposit account referred to
in paragraph (b) of this Section an amount equal to the amount
of said payment, or (ii) if the Association shall so request,
refund such amount to the Association.  Amounts refunded to the
Association upon such request shall be credited to the Credit
Account for cancellation.
     (d)  No withdrawal shall be made from the Credit Account
after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn
from the Credit Account shall have reached the equivalent of
SDR 33,500,000, unless the Association shall be satisfied,
after an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Association:
(i) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the carrying
out of the Program, and (ii) that the actions described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement have been taken and are
satisfactory to the Association.  If, after said exchange of
views the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower
that the progress achieved and actions taken are not
satisfactory and, within 90 days after such notice, the
Borrower shall not have achieved progress and taken actions
satisfactory to the Association, then the Association may, by
notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
Credit or any part thereof..
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date
Page  4
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
     Section 2.05.  The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent
(3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
     Section 2.06.  Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07.  (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the
Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each June 1 and
December 1 commencing June 1, 2006, and ending December 1,
2035.  Each installment to and including the installment
payable on December 1, 2015, shall be one percent (1%) of such
principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two
percent (2%) of such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years, and (ii) the Association shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid.  If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts
of such installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate
agreed with the Association on the principal amount of the
Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided
that, in the judgment of the Association, such revision shall
not change the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned
repayment modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
     Section 2.08.  The currency of the United States of
America is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of
the General Conditions.
     Section 2.09.  The Central Bank of Yemen is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any
action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions
of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions.
                         ARTICLE III
                    Particular Covenants
Page  5
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall
from time to time, at the request of either party, exchange
views on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program and
the actions specified in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association for its review and comment a
report on the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in
such detail as the Association shall reasonably request.
     (c)  Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Borrower shall exchange views with the
Association on any proposed action to be taken after the
disbursement of the Credit which would have the effect of
materially reversing the objectives of the Program, or any
action taken under the Program.
     Section 3.02.  Upon the Association's request, the
Borrower shall:
     (a)  have the deposit account referred to in Section
2.02(b) of this Agreement audited, in accordance with
appropriate auditing principles consistently applied, by
independent auditors acceptable to the Association;
     (b)  furnish to the Association as soon as available, but
in any case not later than four (4) months after the date of
the Association's request for such audit, a certified copy of
the report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
such detail as the Association shall have reasonably requested;
and
     (c)  furnish to the Association such other information
concerning said deposit account and the audit thereof as the
Association shall have reasonably requested.
                         ARTICLE IV
               Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that a situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Program, or a significant part thereof,
will be carried out.
                          ARTICLE V
                         Termination
     Section 5.01. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                         ARTICLE VI
          Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Planning and Development of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Planning and Development
          P.O. Box 175
          Sana'a
          Republic of Yemen
Page  6
          Cable address:                     Telex:
               CENPLAN                       2266 CENPLAN YE
               Sana'a
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                    Telex:
               INDEVAS                      248423 (MCI)
               Washington, D.C.              64145 (MCI) or
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                    REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                    By /s/ Mohsin A. Alaini
                                    Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                    By /s/ Inder K. Sud
                               Acting Regional Vice President
                                 Middle East and North Africa
                         SCHEDULE 1
                    Excluded Expenditures
     For purposes of Section 2.02(c) of this Agreement, the
proceeds of the Credit shall not be used to finance the
following expenditures:
1.   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower, or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
2.   expenditures for goods or services supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Association shall have
financed or agreed to finance, or which the Association shall
have financed or agreed to finance under another Credit;
3.   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association
by notice to the Borrower:
  Group        Subgroup       Description of Items
  112             --          Alcoholic beverages
  121             --          Tobacco, unmanufactured,
Page  7
                              tobacco refuse
  122             --          Tobacco, manufactured
                              (whether or not containing
                              tobacco substitutes)
  525             --          Radioactive and
                              associated materials
  667             --          Pearls, precious and
                              semiprecious stones, unworked
                              or worked
  718          718.1          Nuclear reactors, and
                              parts thereof, fuel elements
                              (cartridges), nonirradiated
                              for nuclear reactors
  728          728.43         Tobacco processing machinery
  897          897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                              platinum group metals
                              (except watches and watch
                              cases) and goldsmiths' or
                              silversmiths' wares
                              (including set gems)
  971             --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                              gold ores and concentrates)
4.   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption;
5.   expenditures for Environmentally Hazardous Goods; and
6.   in furtherance of the purposes of Section 5.01 of the
General Conditions, expenditures (a) in the territories of any
country which is not a member of the Bank or for goods procured
in, or services supplied from, such territories or (b) on
account of any payment to persons or entities, or any import of
goods, if such payment or import is prohibited by a decision of
the United Nations Security Council taken under Chapter VII of
the Charter of the United Nations.
                         SCHEDULE 2
  Actions Referred to in Section 2.02 (d) of this Agreement
1.   Continued maintenance of a satisfactory macroeconomic
framework, consistent with the objectives of the Program, as
determined on the basis of macroeconomic indicators acceptable
to the Borrower and the Association.
2.   The Borrower has adopted a time-bound action plan for
streamlining its investment licensing procedures, and has
commenced implementation of such action plan.
3.   The Borrower has adopted a time-bound action plan for
restructuring the General Investment Authority to focus its
activities on investment promotion and facilitation, and has
commenced implementation of such action plan.
4.   The Borrower has adopted an action plan to phase out
budgetary transfers to public enterprises and to settle their
arrears.
5.   The Borrower has adopted an action plan to simplify and
streamline customs procedures and documentation requirements.
6.   The Borrower has incorporated in its 1997 budget the
recommendations of the public expenditure review, as agreed
upon between the Borrower and the Association; and adopted a
Page  8
medium-term framework for public expenditures, in order to
improve the budgetary process.
7.   (a)  The Borrower has adopted a time-bound action plan for
the liquidation of any of the six public enterprises which had
been offered for sale under the Program and which have not been
sold; and
     (b)  The Borrower has offered for sale through a public
announcement ten additional public enterprises.
