Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                    CREDIT NUMBER 2696-MAI
                  Development Credit Agreement
                 (Railways Restructuring Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated August 14, 1995
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2696-MAI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated August 14, 1995, between REPUBLIC OF
MALAWI (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
November 8, 1994 from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to strengthen the
transport sector of its economy (hereinafter called the
Program) and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program;
     (B)   the Borrower, having committed itself to the
execution of the Program, and as part of the Program, having
undertaken to carry out the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
     (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from US Agency for
International Development (USAID) two grants (the USAID Grants)
in an aggregate amount equivalent to $25,000,000 of which about
$12,000,000 shall be used to assist in financing the Project on
the terms and conditions set forth in  agreements (the USAID
Grant Agreements) to be entered into between the Borrower and
USAID;
     (D)   Parts A, B and C of the Project will be carried out
by Malawi Railways Limited, Malawi Railways (1994) Limited and
Malawi Lake Services Limited, respectively, with the Borrower's
Page  2
assistance; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and
in the MR Project Agreement, MR(M) Project Agreement and MLS
Project Agreement of even date herewith between the Association
and MR, MR(M) and MLS, respectively;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
     (a)   "MOTCA" means the Borrower's Ministry of Transport and
Civil Aviation;
     (b)  "Special Account" means each of the accounts referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (c)   "MR" means Malawi Railways Limited, a company
established and existing under the laws of England;
     (d)   "MR(M)" means Malawi Railways (1994) Limited, a
company established and incorporated under the Borrower's
Companies Act, to, inter alia, take over MR's rail transport
activities;
     (e)   "MLS" means Lake Services (Malawi) Limited, a company
established and incorporated under the Borrower's Companies Act,
to, inter alia, take over MR's lake service activities;
     (f)   "MR(M) Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and MR(M) pursuant to
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
     (g)   "MLS Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and MLS pursuant to
Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement;
     (h)   "MR Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and MR, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules
and agreements supplemental to the MR Project Agreement;
     (i)   "MR(M) Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and MR(M), of even date herewith, as the same
may be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the MR(M) Project
Agreement;
     (j)   "MLS Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Association and MLS of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the MLS Project
Agreement;
     (k)   "MK" and "Kwacha" mean the Borrower's currency;
Page  3
     (l)   "Nacala Rail Route Operations Agreement" means the
agreement dated February 24, 1995 between MR and Empresa de
Portos e Caminhos de Ferro de Mozambique E.P. (CFM) of
Mozambique governing the operation of the Nacala Railway Route;
and
     (m)   "Performance Agreement" means each of the agreements
to be entered into by the Borrower and MR(M) and MLS
respectively, pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to eleven million two hundred thousand
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 11,200,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts B and
C of the Project, open and maintain in dollars two special
deposit accounts (Special Account "A" and Special Account "B")
in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1998
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association
a commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the
Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the
rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual
date or at such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of
June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next payment date
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
     (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in
such other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to
time be designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of
that Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn
and outstanding from time to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
Page  4
be payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15
commencing May 15, 2005 and ending November 15, 2034. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on November
15, 2014 shall be one percent  (1%) of such principal amount,
and each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years, and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors of
the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring
the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such installment
not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit shall have
been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the Association
may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some or all
of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the payment
of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under
the above-mentioned repayment modification.
     (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly,
the Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further
modify the terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of
installments as provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
           (i)   shall carry out Part D of the Project through
                 MOTCA with due diligence and efficiency and in
                 conformity with appropriate administrative and
                 financial practices and shall provide, promptly
                 as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
                 other resources required for such Part of the
                 Project; and
           (ii)  without limitation or restriction upon any of
                 its other obligations under the Development
                 Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall: (A) cause
                 MR, MR(M) and MLS to perform all their
                 obligations set forth in the MR Project
                 Agreement, MR(M) Project Agreement and MLS
                 Project Agreement, respectively, (B) take or
                 cause to be taken all action, including the
                 provision of funds, facilities, services and
                 other resources, necessary or appropriate to
                 enable MR, MR(M) and MLS, respectively, to
                 perform such obligations, and (C) not take or
                 permit to be taken any action which would
                 prevent or interfere with such performance.
Page  5
     (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, and except as the Borrower and the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out
the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)   The Borrower shall onlend an amount not exceeding the
equivalent of fifteen million four hundred thousand dollars
($15,400,000) to MR(M) and an amount not exceeding the
equivalent of seven hundred sixty thousand dollars ($760,000) to
MLS from the proceeds of the Credit under subsidiary loan
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and MR(M) and
MLS, respectively, under terms and conditions which shall have
been approved by the Association, including the payment of
interest at the rate of 7.1 percent per annum and the repayment
of principal in 13 years including five years of grace. The
exchange risk shall be borne by MR(M) and MLS, respectively.
     (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the MR(M)
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the MLS Subsidiary Loan Agreement
in such manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and
the Association and to accomplish the purposes of the Credit,
and except as the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the MR(M)
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or the MLS Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules,
records and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of Parts A, B and C of the Project
shall be carried out by MR, MR(M) and MLS, respectively,
pursuant to Section 2.02 of the MR Project Agreement and Section
2.03 of the MR(M) Project Agreement and the MLS Project
Agreement, respectively.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
     (a)   take all measures necessary to provide working capital
in the amount of MK 2,500,000 to MR(M) and MK 500,000 to MLS as
part of the Borrower's equity contribution to their respective
share capitals;
     (b)   not later than six months from the Effective Date,
enter into performance agreements, the terms of which shall have
been reviewed by the Association, with MR(M) and MLS; and
     (c)   ensure that neither MR(M) nor MLS is designated a
statutory body under the Borrower's Statutory Bodies (Control of
Contract) Act and the Finance and Audit Act.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall take all measures
necessary to: (a) cause MR to duly perform all its obligations
under the Nacala Rail Route Operations Agreement; (b) fully
reimburse MR(M) and MLS for any losses they may incur on account
of passenger and other services rendered in accordance with the
terms of the Performance Agreement; and (c) not later than six
months after the Effective Date, set up with the Government of
Mozambique a joint review board to monitor the performance of
the Nacala railway route.
     Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall, not later than June
30, 1996 conduct, jointly with the Association, MR, MR(M) and
MLS a comprehensive review of the Project. Without limitation
Page  6
upon the generality of the foregoing, the review shall, inter
alia, cover the implementation and management aspects of the
Project, implementation procedures, progress made by the Project
including the implementation of the Nacala Rail Route Operations
Agreement, the Performance Agreements and the environment
mitigation plan, performance and use of technical assistance
personnel, the role of national counterpart staff, the status
and results of training, reporting, accounting and audit
performance, disbursement procedures and the overall
sustainability of the Project.
     (b)   Not later than thirty days prior to the first yearly
review referred to in (a) above, the Borrower shall furnish to
the Association, for its comments, a report in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request, including an
evaluation of the progress achieved in implementing the various
components of the Project.
     (c)   The Borrower shall, promptly thereafter, carry out the
recommendations stemming from the aforementioned review.
     Section 3.07. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
     (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association not later than
six (6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may
be agreed for this purpose between the Borrower and the
Association, a plan, of such scope and in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, for the future operation
of the Project;
     (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
     (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence and
efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices, taking
into account the Association's comments thereon.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to
be maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Part D of the Project
of the departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
     (b)   The Borrower shall:
           (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                 paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                 for the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                 audited, in accordance with appropriate
                 auditing principles consistently applied, by
                 independent auditors acceptable to the
                 Association;
           (ii)  furnish to the Association, as soon as
                 available, but in any case not later than six
                 months after the end of each such year, a
                 certified copy of the report of such audit by
                 said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                 as the Association shall have reasonably
                 requested; and
           (iii) furnish to the Association such other
                 information concerning said records, accounts
                 and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                 from time to time reasonably request.
Page  7
     (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
           (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                 accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                 records and accounts reflecting such
                 expenditures;
           (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the
                 Association has received the audit report for
                 the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                 from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                 Special Account was made, all records
                 (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                 and other documents) evidencing such
                 expenditures;
           (iii) enable the Association's representatives
                 to examine such records; and
           (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                 included in the annual audit referred to in
                 paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                 report of such audit contains a separate
                 opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                 statements of expenditure submitted during such
                 fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                 internal controls involved in their
                 preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                 related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
     (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out.
     (b)   MR, MR(M) or MLS shall have failed to perform any of
its obligations under the MR Project Agreement, the MR(M)
Project Agreement and MLS Project Agreement, respectively.
     (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the
date of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that
MR, MR(M) or MLS will be able to perform its obligations under
the MR Project Agreement, the MR(M) Project Agreement and MLS
Project Agreement, respectively.
     (d)   The USAID Grant Agreements shall have failed to become
effective by March 31, 1995, or such later date as the
Association may agree; provided, however, that the provisions of
this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower establishes to
the satisfaction of the Association that adequate funds for the
Project are available to the Borrower from other sources on
terms and conditions consistent with the obligations of the
Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that any event specified in paragraphs (b) and (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given
by the Association to the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE VI
Page  8
                    Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)   The Association has received evidence that: (i) at
least 250 appointment letters have been issued by MR(M); (ii)
the assets to be transferred by MR to MR(M) and MLS have been
valued; and (iii) a study on the restructuring and privatization
of MLS has been completed.
     (b)   The MR(M) Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the MLS
Subsidiary Loan Agreement have been duly executed by the
Borrower and MR(M) and MLS, respectively.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
     (a)   that the MR Project Agreement, MR(M) Project Agreement
and MLS Project Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified
by MR, MR(M) and MLS, respectively, and are legally binding upon
MR, MR(M) and MLS, respectively in accordance with their
respective terms;
     (b)   that the MR(M) Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the MLS
Subsidiary Loan Agreement have been duly authorized or ratified
by the Borrower, MR(M) and MLS, respectively, and are legally
binding upon the Borrower, MR(M) and MLS, respectively.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of
this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section
12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
           Ministry of Finance
           P.O. Box 30049
           Capital City
           Lilongwe 3, Malawi
           Cable address:              Telex:
                 FINANCE                 44407 MI
                 Malawi
     For the Association:
           International Development Association
           1818 H Street, N.W.
           Washington, D.C. 20433
           United States of America
           Cable address:              Telex:
                 INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                 Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
Page  9
                                          64145 (WUI) or
                                         197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District
of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year
first above written.
                       REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                       By /s/ W. Chokani
                                          Authorized Representative
                       INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       By /s/ Kevin Cleaver
                                     Acting Regional Vice President
                                                             Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of
the amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                          Amount of the
                        Credit Allocated        % of
                          (Expressed in     Expenditures
    Category             SDR Equivalent)   to be Financed
(1) Civil works:                           95%
   (a)                       780,000
   (b)                     1,520,000
(2) Mechanical                             95%
    works:
   (a)                       300,000
   (b)                     1,140,000
(3) Equipment for                          95%
    Part B of the
    Project:
   (a)                     1,930,000
   (b)                     1,610,000
(4) Equipment for                          95%
    Part C of the
    Project:
   (a)                       190,000
   (b)                       280,000
(5) Spare Parts:                           95%
Page  10
   (a)                       500,000
   (b)                       590,000
(6) Consultants'                           95%
    Services:
   (a)                       220,000
   (b)                       290,000
(7) Training:                              95%
   (a)                       120,000
   (b)                       180,000
(8) Unallocated            1,550,000
                           _________
        TOTAL             11,200,000
                            ========
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of
this Agreement; and
     (b)   Categories (1) (b), (2) (b), (3) (b), (4) (b), (5)
(b), (6) (b) and (7) (b) unless: (i) the midterm review referred
to in Section 3.06 of this Agreement confirms that the
performance targets and activities specified in the
implementation plan referred to in paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement have been completed to the satisfaction of the
Association, (ii) draft legislation recommended by the studies
for the privatization of railways and lake services has been
tabled in the Legislature, and (iii) the process of privatizing
MR(M) and MLS has been initiated.
3.   The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure:
     (a)   for expenditures for civil and mechanical works
contracts not exceeding $200,000 equivalent;
     (b)   for expenditures for goods contracts not exceeding
$100,000 equivalent; and
     (c)   for expenditures for services under consultant
contracts not exceeding $50,000 equivalent;
     under such terms and conditions as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
     The objective of the Project is to contribute to Malawi's
economic growth through: (a) revitalizing the much shorter, less
expensive, but poorly-operated Nacala rail route and increasing
its share of Malawi's overseas traffic, thus, reducing the land
cost of exports/imports and enhancing Malawi's competitive
advantage; and (b) restructuring, commercializing and
privatizing the railways and the lake services, to enable them
to operate more efficiently and without depending on government
subsidies, thus, reducing the drain on the national economy.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject to
Page  11
such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association
may agree upon from time to time to achieve such objective:
Part A:    Restructuring of Malawi Railways Limited
1.   Establishment and incorporation of MR(M) and MLS.
2.   Selective transfer of assets and staff from MR to MR(M) and
MLS, respectively.
3.   Retrenchment of surplus staff and assistance in their
redeployment through counseling and retraining.
4.   Disposal of surplus assets, including land.
Part B:    Revitalization of Nacala Rail Route and Privatization
           of MR(M)
1.   Track rehabilitation works and services and repairs to key
mechanical equipment on the Malawi side of the Nacala rail
route.
2.   Acquisition of essential equipment, including safety,
environment-related and testing equipment; spare parts; and
computers.
3.   Institutional development of MR(M) through technical
assistance, studies, consultants' services and training.
4.   Privatization of MR(M).
Part C:    Commercialization and Privatization of MLS
1.   Institutional development of MLS through: (a) technical
assistance in corporate, organizational, business and capital
assets restructuring, (b) studies, and (c) staff training.
2.   Acquisition of essential equipment, including computers and
safety, environment-related and testing equipment.
3.   Privatization of MLS.
Part D:    Formulation of Transport Policy
1.   Development and implementation of a comprehensive transport
policy.
2.   Strengthening MOTCA's capacity for: (a) data collection,
including the acquisition of computer hardware and software, and
(b) evaluation and policy analysis and formulation.
                               * * *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:    International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
     (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
Page  12
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract. The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension. Such an increase in the bid price
shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation. With
respect to each contract made subject to the Association's prior
review in accordance with the provisions of Part D.1 (a) of this
Section, the Association's prior approval will be required for:
(i) a first extension of the bid validity period if the period
of extension exceeds sixty (60) days, and (ii) any subsequent
extension of the bid validity period.
     (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications
thereto as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary for
the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized
standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.   Goods procured under international competitive bidding
procedures will not be subject to price verification under
preshipment inspection.
Part B:    Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
Malawi may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of
the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:    Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Items, or groups of items, for civil works, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $500,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory
to the Association.
2.   Items, or groups of items, for: (a) power supply to quarry
up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $50,000; (b) equipment
and spare parts estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,050,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of: (i) comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers from at least three different countries eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association, or (ii) procedures of the Inter-Agency
Procurement Services Office of the United Nations Development
Programme for service vehicles and computers only.
3.   Contracts for repair to concrete sleeper plant and
rehabilitation of wheel lathe may be awarded after direct
negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part D:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
     (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, and civil and mechnical
works estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
Page  13
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
     (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as
part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.   The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.   In order to assist the Borrower, MR, MR(M) and MLS in the
carrying out of the Project, the Borrower, shall employ, and
cause MR, MR(M) and MLS to employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers
and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank
in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex, time-
based assignments, the Borrower shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for
consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association.
Where no relevant standard contract documents have been issued
by the Bank, the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed
with the Association.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $50,000 equivalent each, or (b) contracts for the
employment of individuals estimated to cost less than $50,000
each. However, this exception to prior Association review shall
not apply to: (a) the terms of reference for such contracts, (b)
single source selection of firms, (c) assignments of a critical
nature as reasonably determined by the Association, (d)
amendments to contracts for the employment of consulting firms
raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above, or
(e) amendements to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
General
1.   The Borrower shall ensure that the Project is carried out
in accordance with an implementation plan, satisfactory to the
Page  14
Association, (the Implementation Plan) including an environment
mitigation plan, and performance indicators specified in the
Annexes to this Schedule. Accordingly, MR shall be responsible
for implementing Part A of the Project, MR(M) Part B of the
Project, and MLS Part C of the Project. The Borrower shall carry
out Part D of the Project through MOTCA.
2.   In order to ensure the expeditious and efficient
implementation of the various components of the Project, the
Borrower shall take all measures necessary to delegate to the
implementing agencies the necessary authority with respect to
procurement of goods and works, the hiring of consultants, the
implementation of the restructuring plan and the management of
the Special Accounts.
3.   The Borrower shall take all measures necessary to ensure:
(a) that the various Project implementing agencies shall: (i)
appoint and maintain duly qualified key management staff at
least for the duration of the Project, and (ii) adopt Project
reporting, auditing and monitoring procedures, satisfactory to
the Association, including the preparation of quarterly and
annual reports, and (b) that the supplies department of MR(M)
and MLS are adequately strengthened to enable MR(M) and MLS
respectively, to carry out procurement in accordance with the
procedures specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement, including
the use of standard bidding documents for all items to be
procured under international competitive bidding procedures and
consultants' standard forms of contract for complex consultant
assignments.
4.   The Borrower shall, on February 1 of each year of Project
implementation, conduct an annual review to assess progress
achieved in Project implementation.
5.   The Borrower shall take all measures necessary to ensure
that: (a) not later than six months after the Effective Date,
the boards of directors of MR(M) and MLS are duly constituted
with adequate private sector representation, (b) MR(M) and MLS
shall not undertake: (i) any investment estimated to cost more
than the equivalent of $200,000, without prior consultation
with, and the concurrence of, the Association, and (ii) any
investment in alternative international routes that adversely
affect the economic viability of the Nacala Rail Route, without
prior consultation with the Association, and (c) the process of
privatizing MR(M) and MLS is initiated promptly after the
completion of an appropriate privatization study.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (5), (6) and (7) with respect to Special Account "A",
and Category (4) with respect to Special Account "B" in the
table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures
in respect of the reasonable cost of works, goods and services
required for Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the
eligible Categories in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 for Special Account "A" and $100,000 for
Special Account "B" to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule, provided, however, that unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Authorized Allocation shall be
limited to an amount equivalent to $250,000 for Special Account
Page  15
"A" and $50,000 for Special Account "B" until the aggregate
amount of withdrawals from the Credit Account plus the total
amount of all outstanding special commitments entered into by
the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions shall be equal to or exceed the equivalent of SDR
6,000,000 and SDR 300,000, respectively.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory
to it that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall
have requested.
     (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                 Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                 requests for deposits into the Special Account
                 at such intervals as the Association shall
                 specify.
           (ii)  Prior to, or at the time of each such request,
                 the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                 the documents and other evidence required
                 pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for
                 the payment or payments in respect of which
                 replenishment is requested. On the basis of
                 each such request, the Association shall, on
                 behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the                 Credit 
Account and deposit into the Special
                 Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                 requested and as shall have been shown by said
                 documents and other evidence to have been paid
                 out of the Special Account for eligible
                 expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified
by said documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
     (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement;
     (b)   if, the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Bank, within the period of time specified in Section 4.01 (b)
(ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said Section in respect of the
audit of the records and accounts for the Special Account;
Page  16
     (c)   if, at any time, the Association shall have notified
the Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part the
right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02 of the
General Conditions; or
     (d)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Parts B and C of the
Project, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to Parts B and C of the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Parts B and C of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph
2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence
furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Association: (A) provide such additional
evidence as the Association may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund
to the Association) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified.
Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, no further deposit
by the Association into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
     (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association such outstanding amount.
     (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
     (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the
Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
