Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3583 IRN
                        Guarantee Agreement
           (Power Sector Efficiency Improvement Project)
                              between
                     ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated April 28, 1993
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3583 IRN
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 28, 1993, between ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF
IRAN (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Tehran Regional Electricity
Company (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility
and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred sixty-five
million dollars ($165,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                    Guarantee; Other Provisions
      Section 2.01. (a) The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and commissions and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium,
if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance
of all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in
the Loan Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation to the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section, the Guarantor shall specifically ensure the taking of
all action required on the part of agencies of the Guarantor in
order to enable the Borrower to comply with the requirements stated
in Section 5.02 of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall cause IPO:
      (a)   to carry out the studies included in Part B of the
Project in accordance with terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank and to deal directly with the Bank on all matters related
thereto;
      (b)   to complete the energy sector development study and the
commercialization and privatization study by June 30, 1994, and the
thermal power rehabilitation study by June 30, 1995;
      (c)   to review with the Bank and the relevant authorities of
the Guarantor, the report containing the findings and
recommendations of each such study within three months of the
completion thereof; and
      (d)   to employ, in order to assist it in the carrying out of
such studies, consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
of reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Any such consultants
whose employment shall be financed from the proceeds of the Loan,
shall be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                        ARTICLE III
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
Page  3
            Ministry of Economic Affairs
              and Finance
            Nasser Khosrow Avenue
            Tehran, Iran
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINISTRY OF ECONOMIC      212838 MEF-IR
                    AFFAIRS AND FINANCE
                  TEHRAN
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN
                  By /s/ Mohammed Khazaee
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ C. Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
