Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2170 YEM
                   (Tarim Water Supply Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 6, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2170 YEM
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 6, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   Part A of the Project will be carried out by the Public
Water Corporation of the Borrower (PWC) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to PWC a part of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in
this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Page  2
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and PWC;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Condi-
tions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "PWC" means the Borrower's Public Water Corporation
established under Law No. 19 of 1970 of the Borrower;
      (b)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and PWC of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (c)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and PWC pursuant to Section 3.01
(d) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and  the term "Subsidiary Loan" means the loan provided
to PWC under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (d)   "MLA" means the Ministry of Local Administration;
      (e)   "MEW" means the Ministry of Electricity and Water;
      (f)   "COCA" means the Central Organization for Control and
Auditing established under Law No. 11 of 1982 of the Borrower;
      (g)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (h)   "Yemeni Dinars" means dinars in the currency of the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to nine million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 9,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in the Central Bank
of Yemen on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
Page  3
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from a date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to
paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall
be applied from the next date in that year specified in Section 2.06
of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
December 1, 2000, and ending June 1, 2030. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on June 1, 2010 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Condi-
tions.
Page  4
      Section 2.09. The General Manager of PWC or such other person
or persons as the said General Manager shall designate in writing
are designated as representatives of the Borrower for the purposes
of taking any action required or permitted to be taken  under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end shall carry out Part B of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for said
Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Part B of the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program for such Part B of the
Project set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Without any limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Development Credit Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause PWC to perform in accordance with the provi-
sions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of PWC therein
set forth, shall take and cause to be taken all action, including
the provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable PWC to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (d)   The Borrower shall relend $11,200,000 equivalent of the
proceeds of the Credit to PWC under a subsidiary loan agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and PWC under terms and
conditions which shall have been approved by the Association,
including terms pursuant to which PWC shall be required to: (i)
repay the equivalent in terms of Yemeni Dinars of the proceeds of
the Credit so relent (such equivalent to be determined as of the
respective date of withdrawal of the proceeds of the Credit from the
Credit Account or payment out of the Special Account) in approxi-
mately equal semiannual installments over a period of twenty-five
(25) years, including a grace period of seven (7) years; and (ii)
pay interest on the principal amount of the Subsidiary Loan
outstanding from time to time at the rate of eight percent (8%) per
annum.
      (e)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to the
Project Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out
by PWC pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall bear any losses incurred by
Page  5
the Public Corporation for Electric Power and PWC from the sale and
purchase, respectively, of desalinated water produced at the Hiswa
Power and Desalination Plant.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part B of the Project of the departments
or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out said Part
B of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
     (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available, but in
            any case not later than nine months after the end of
            each such year, the report of such audit by said
            auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
            shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditures submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall take all measures
necessary, including measures permitting PWC to utilize depreciation
funds, to enable PWC to meet its debt service requirements.
      (b)   For the purpose of this Section:
            (i)   the term "depreciation funds" means the funds in
                  PWC's balance sheet account to which the cash
Page  6
                  equivalent of the annual provision of
                  depreciation of fixed assets is appropriated;
           (ii)   the term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt; and
          (iii)   the term "debt" means any indebtedness of PWC
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall take all action necessary
on its part to enable PWC to take the measures referred to in
Section 4.03 (c) of the Project Agreement.
      Section 4.04. The Borrower shall take all measures necessary
on its part to ensure that, by December 31, 1994, the Tarim Water
Supply Company, of which the Borrower is a majority shareholder,
enters into an agreement with PWC, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Association, for the transfer
by the Tarim Water Supply Company to PWC of a reservoir and related
assets before the new water system constructed under Part A of this
Project becomes operational.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   PWC shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that PWC will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   Law No. 19 of 1970 of the Borrower shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of PWC to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of PWC or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions,
namely, that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and PWC.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Page  7
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by PWC and is legally binding upon PWC in accordance with
its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and PWC and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and PWC in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date one hundred twenty (120) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under
Sections 4.01 of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the
date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on
the date 20 years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall
be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Planning and Development of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Development
            P.O. Box 175
            Sana'a
            Republic of Yemen
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  CENPLAN                   2266 CENPLAN YE
                  Sana'a
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   64145 (WUI),
                  Washington, D.C.          82987 (FTCC),
                                           197688 (TRT) or
                                           248423 (RCA)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF YEMEN
Page  8
                  By /s/ Mohsin A. Alaini
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ R. K. Chopra
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                              Amount of the
                            Credit Allocated          % of
                              (Expressed in      Expenditures
      Category              SDR Equivalent)      to be Financed
(1)   Construction of         4,800,000          100% of foreign
      boreholes, pipe-                           expenditures
      lines and reser-
      voirs, supply and
      installation of
      mechanical and
      electrical equip-
      ment under Parts A
      (1) and (2) of the
      Project
(2)   Operational equip-      2,300,000          100% of foreign
      ment, water meters,                        expenditures
      distribution pipes
      and fittings,
      construction mate-
      rial and plant
      under Parts A (1)
      and (2) of the
      Project
(3)   Consultants'              700,000          100% of foreign
      services, training                         expenditures
      and construction
      supervision under
      Part A of the Project
                              Amount of the
                            Credit Allocated          % of
                              (Expressed in      Expenditures
      Category              SDR Equivalent)      to be Financed
(4)   Consultants'              500,000          100% of foreign
      services and                               expenditures
      training under
      Part B of the
      Project
(5)   Unallocated               900,000
                              _________
      TOTAL                   9,200,000
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign expendi-
Page  9
tures" means expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from the
territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no with-
drawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expenditures
prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist the Borrower in:
(i) increasing the quantity and improving the quality of the water
supply service in Tarim and adjacent villages; (ii) strengthening
the operational, accounting and managerial capacities of PWC; (iii)
enhancing environmental and public health conditions by improving
wastewater management; (iv) improving the organizational
arrangements and assessing the financial options of the sewerage
sector; and (v) strengthening the Borrower's accounting and auditing
procedures.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:
(1)   Construction and equipping of a borefield near Tarim and
carrying out of associated works.
(2)   Construction of water storage reservoirs and distribution
systems in Tarim and adjacent villages and provision of operational
equipment (including provision for water supply to the new housing
development being undertaken for about 4,800 inhabitants made
homeless by the floods of early 1989).
(3)   Strengthening the management and technical capacities of PWC
through the development and execution of management and inventory
control systems, including the design of a manpower development
program and the provision of training.
Part B:
(1)   Carrying out of a wastewater disposal demonstration project.
(2)   Carrying out of a financial and cost recovery study for
sewerage services.
(3)   Updating of sewerage designs, including the carrying out of an
environmental assessment of such sewerage designs.
(4)   Strengthening the management and technical capacities of MLA,
MEW and COCA through the provision of training.
                           *    *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                    Implementation Program for
                       Part B of the Project
1.    The Borrower shall, through MLA and MEW, by December 31, 1990,
appoint a qualified and experienced project officer to be
responsible for overseeing the activities under Part B of the
Project (except training for the staff of COCA).
2.    The Borrower shall, by December 31, 1991, commence a training
program, on the basis of terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, for the staff of MLA, MEW and COCA.
Page  10
3.    The Borrower shall, through MLA and MEW, by June 30, 1991,
assign qualified and experienced staff to supervise the wastewater
disposal demonstration project under Part B (1) of the Project.
4.    The Borrower shall, through MLA and MEW, by June 30, 1991,
employ the consultants referred to in Section II of the Schedule to
the Project Agreement.
5.    The Borrower shall, through MLA and MEW: (a) by June 30, 1993,
furnish to the Bank for review and comment, the conclusions and
recommendations of the financial and cost recovery study for
sewerage services under Part B (2) of the Project; and (b)
thereafter put into effect the recommended measures as shall have
been agreed by the Association and the Borrower.
6.    The Borrower shall, through MLA and MEW, by December 31, 1994,
furnish to IDA for review and comment, the report on the conclusions
of the wastewater disposal demonstration project under Part B (1) of
the Project.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount equiva-
lent to $550,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, payments out
of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for eligible
expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account may be made as follows:
      (a)   On the basis of a request or requests by the Borrower
for a deposit or deposits which add up to the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit in the
Special Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
      (b)   The Borrower shall furnish to the Association requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such intervals as the
Association shall specify. On the basis of such requests, the
Association shall withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
the Special Account such amounts as shall be required to replenish
the Special Account with amounts not exceeding the amount of
payments made out of the Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by the
evidence supporting the request for such deposit furnished pursuant
to paragraph 4 of this Schedule.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Page  11
Account for which the Borrower requests replenishment pursuant to
paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association, prior to or at the time of such request, such evidence
as the Association shall reasonably request, showing that such
payment was made for eligible expenditures.
5.    (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, no further deposit into the Special Account shall be made
by the Association when either of the following situations first
arises:
            (i)   the Association shall have determined that all
                  further withdrawals should be made by the
                  Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
                  accordance with the provisions of Article V of
                  the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of
                  Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
     (ii)   the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
            the eligible Categories, minus the amount of any
            outstanding special commitment entered into by the
            Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
            Conditions with respect to the Project, shall be equal
            to the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
            Allocation.
      (b)   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made for any
expenditure or in any amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association, deposit into the Special
Account (or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the
Association) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the
portion thereof not so eligible or justified. No further deposit by
the Association into the Special Account shall be made until the
Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount for crediting to the Credit
Account.
