Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2564-MK
                   Development Credit Agreement
                    (Economic Recovery Credit)
                              between
               FORMER YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC OF MACEDONIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated February 14, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2564-MK
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 14, 1994, between the former
Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (the Borrower) and International
Development Association (the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
January 4, 1994, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports required during such execution; and
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank), to provide additional
assistance in support of the Program, and by an agreement of even
date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank (the Loan Agree-
ment), the Bank is agreeing to provide such assistance in an
aggregate principal amount equivalent to forty million dollars
($40,000,000) (the Loan);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association intend, to the extent
practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit as set forth in this
Page  2
Agreement be disbursed on account of expenditures in respect of the
Program before disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan as set forth
in the Loan Agreement are made; and
      (D)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit as hereinafter
provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to
      the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the Program, as such
agreement may be amended from time to time; and such term includes
the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements"
of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement,
and all such schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan
Agreements;
      (b)   "National Bank" means the central bank of the Borrower;
and
      (c)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade Classifi-
cation, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United Nations
in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986).
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twenty-nine million Special Drawing Rights (SDR
29,000,000).
Page  3
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1995 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on January 1 and July 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1 commencing
July 1, 2004 and ending January 1, 2029. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on January 1, 2014 shall be one
and one-fourth per cent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
Page  4
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
       Section 2.09. (a) The National Bank is designated as represen-
tative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts the National Bank with the responsibility
for the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit and
for the collection of the documents and other evidence to be
furnished to the Association in support of such applications; such
withdrawal applications shall to the extent practicable, be
consolidated so as to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of
not less than the equivalent of one hundred thousand dollars
($100,000).
                          ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
Page  5
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audits referred to in para-
                  graph (b) of this Section and that the report of
                  such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls in-
                  volved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an addition-
al condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that all conditions precedent to the effective-
ness of the Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those
related to the effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Minister of Finance
            14 Dame Gruev St.
            91 000 Skopje
                                      Telex:
                                         51119
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  6
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  THE BORROWER
                  By /s/ D. Hajredini
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ W. Thalwitz
                                           Regional Vice President
                                           Europe and Central Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and semi-
                                  precious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
Page  7
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                  thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   728             728.43         Tobacco processing machinery
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of twenty-three million Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 23,000,000) may be made on account of payments made for
such expenditures before that date but after October 14, 1993;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the procure-
ment of goods estimated to cost less than $2,000,000 may be required
by the Association upon the basis of statements of expenditure under
such terms and conditions as the Association shall specify.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 3 hereof, contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $2,000,000
or more each shall be awarded through international competitive
bidding in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the
Guidelines), subject to the following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)    an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international circula-
Page  8
                   tion; or
          (iii)    a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods re-
                   quired."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
      (d)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency compo-
nents and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (e)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
paragraph 1, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000 each may be procured under
contracts awarded:
      (a)   by public entities, on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers from at least two different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association; and
      (b)   by private entities, in accordance with established
commercial practice acceptable to the Association.
3.    Contracts for petroleum imports of $5 million or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $25 million, may
be procured on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers from at least two different
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
5.    Goods of a proprietary nature or where the need for compati-
bility with existing items calls for standardization may be
purchased from suppliers on the basis of negotiated contracts
pursuant to procedures acceptable to the Bank.
6.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
Page  9
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
7.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 2, 3
and 4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Associa-
tion, prior to the submission to the Association of the first
application for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in
respect thereof, such documentation and information as the Associa-
tion may reasonably request to support withdrawal applications in
respect of such contract.
8.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 7 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
