Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2513 MAI
                   Development Credit Agreement
                (Rural Financial Services Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated October 1, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2513 MAI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
April 20, 1993, from the Borrower describing a program of
objectives, policies and actions designed to strengthen the
Borrower's agricultural sector (hereinafter called the Program) and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      (B)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (C)   the Project will be carried out by Malawi Rural Finance
Company (MRFC) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such
assistance, the Borrower, through the Reserve Bank of Malawi, will
make available to MRFC part of the proceeds of the Credit as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and MRFC;
Page  2
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meaning therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "RBM" means the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the Borrower's
Central Bank;
      (b)   "BDU" means the Business Development Unit operating
within MRFC;
      (c)   "DREA" means the Department of Research and
Environmental Affairs in the Borrower's Office of the President and
the Cabinet;
      (d)   "MSME" means the Micro, Small and Medium-Scale
Enterprises operating within the territory of the Borrower;
      (e)   "MOA" means the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture;
      (f)   "WID" means Women in Development;
      (g)   "End-users" means the private sector producers eligible
for financing under the Project, including smallholder farmers
(through farmers clubs), small estates and MSMES.
      (h)   "Sub-Projects" means the investment or non-investment
projects eligible for financing under Parts A (i) and A (ii) of the
Project;
      (i)   "Sub-Loans" and "seasonal credits" mean, respectively,
the agreements to be entered into between MRFC and the End-users for
the financing of sub-projects under Part A (i) and the agreements to
be entered into between MRFC and End-users for the financing of sub-
projects under Part A (ii) of the Project;
      (j)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and MRFC of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (k)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower, through RBM, and Malawi Rural
Finance Company pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and such term includes
all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (l)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b), and (c) of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated November 24, 1992 and
December 2, 1992 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (n)   "SACA" means the Smallholder Agricultural Credit
Administration within MOA;
      (o)   "Reference Rate" means the rate determined by RBM from
time to time, for on-lending to MRFC reflecting the prevailing
Page  3
average cost of term borrowings in the financial system; and
      (p)   "DEMATT" means Development of Malawi Traders' Trust.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eighteen million Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 18,000,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for: (i) amounts paid (or, if the
Association shall so agree, amounts to be paid) by MRFC on account
of withdrawals made by the End-users under a sub-loan or a seasonal
credit to meet the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for Sub-projects under Part A of the Project in respect of which the
withdrawal from the Credit Account is requested; and (ii) expen-
ditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Part A of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account
(hereinafter referred to as Special Account A) in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts B and C of
the Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account
(hereinafter referred to as Special Account B) in a commercial bank
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (d)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be canceled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or canceled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
Page  4
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15
commencing November 15, 2003 and ending May 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on May 15, 2013
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed upon with the
Association on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant element
obtained under the above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. RBM is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Part A of the Project for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement shall: (i) cause MRFC to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the Project Agreement all the obligations of MRFC
Page  5
therein set forth; (ii) take and cause to be taken all actions,
including the provision of funds, facilities, services and other
resources, necessary or appropriate to enable MRFC to perform such
obligations; and (iii) not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower, through RBM, shall relend the equivalent
of seventeen million dollars ($17,000,000) out of the proceeds of
the Credit to MRFC under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and MRFC, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association and which shall include,
inter alia, undertakings by (i) MRFC to: (A) onlend the proceeds of
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement to the End-users; (B) to pay interest
at the Reference Rate; and (C) repay the Subsidiary Loan in 15 years
and (ii) the Borrower to bear the foreign exchange risk.
      (c)   The Borrower shall make available to MRFC, from the
proceeds of the Credit, as equity contribution to MRFC's capital, an
amount equivalent to eight million dollars ($8,000,000) for the
financing of Parts B and C of the Project.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project, and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out
by MRFC pursuant to Section 2.04 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall take all actions and measures
necessary to adopt and implement a privatization action plan for
MRFC, satisfactory to the Association, with a view of ensuring the
privatization of MRFC within a period of three years after the
Effective Date.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall prepare, not later than
June 30, 1994, and thereafter implement a detailed action plan,
satisfactory to the Association, to support women entrepreneurs,
including guidelines on mobilizing women and women's groups and a
methodology to orient, support and train them on microenterprise
investments and operations.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall cause RBM to submit to the
Association for prior review the first three subloan documents
processed by MRFC under part A (i) of the Project.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall ensure that it shall not
interfere with the process of selection of End-users, eligible for
financing under Part A of the Project.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower, in consultation with the
Association, shall: (a) organize semi-annual reviews to evaluate the
status and the general progress made in the implementation of the
Project;1 and (b) by not later than November 30, 1995, or such later
date as the Borrower and the Association shall determine and carry
out, with the assistance of experts, a comprehensive review of
Project implementation. The Borrower shall take such measures as
shall be necessary to implement any corrective measures recommended
as a result of the review.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall take all measures necessary
Page  6
to promptly transfer to MRFC the activities, assets and liabilities
of SACA.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than 9 months after the
                  end of each such year, the report of such audit
                  by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant portion thereof, will be carried
out.
      (b)   MRFC shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that MRFC will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
Page  7
      (d)   The Memorandum and Articles of Association of MRFC shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely the ability of MRFC to perform any
of its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of MRFC or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   MRFC has appointed a General Manager and a Financial
Controller whose qualifications are satisfactory to the Association;
and
      (b)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly executed by
the Borrower, through RBM, and MRFC.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association: (a) that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by MRFC, and is legally binding
upon MRFC in accordance with its terms; and (b) that the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower
and MRFC and is legally binding upon the Borrower and MRFC in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 30049
            Capital City
            Lilongwe 3
            Malawi
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FINANCE                    44407 MI
Page  8
                  Malawi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                  By /s/ Louis Chimango
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
       Category        Amount of the                % of
                       Credit Allocated         Expenditures
                        (Expressed in          to be Financed
                       SDR Equivanlent)
(1) Goods and
    Services for:
    (a) Sub-projects            1,450,000       100% of foreign
        under Part A (i)                        expenditures and
        of the Project                          90% of local
                                                expenditures
    (b) Eligible               10,100,000       100% of foreign
        Expenditures for                        expenditures and
        incremental seasonal                    90% of local
        credit under                            expenditures
        Part A (ii) of the
        Project
(2) Equipment and               3,250,000       100% of foreign
    vehicles under                              expenditures and
    Part B.1 of the                             80% of local
    Project                                     expenditures
Page  9
(3) Technical                     850,000       100%
    Assistance
    under Part B
    of the Project
(4) Studies and                   375,000       100%
    Training under
    Parts B and C
    of the Project
(5) Operating Costs               375,000       90%
    under Part B of
    the Project
(6) Refunding of                  375,000       Amount due pur-
    Project Preparation                         suant to Section
    Advance                                     2.02 (d) of this
                                                Agreement
(7) Unallocated                 1,225,000
                               __________
         TOTAL                 18,000,000
                               ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "incremental seasonal credit" means the amount
by which the aggregate principal amount of credit, provided or to be
provided, to rural households countrywide, in a crop year commencing
on October 1 of a given year and ending on September 30 of the
following year, exceeds the aggregate principal amount of such
credit provided in the preceding crop year;
      (d)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures for
goods for incremental seasonal credit, over and above any such
credit financed or to be financed from the proceeds of any loan,
credit or grant, other than the Credit, under any scheme
administered by MRFC; and
      (e)   the term "operating costs" means expenditures incurred
for rental of office space and for costs associated with the
operation and maintenance of vehicles, equipment and office supplies
financed under the Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; and (b)
expenditures with respect to Category (1) unless: (A) the MRFC has
finalized its organizational structure and adopted a manual of
policy and procedures, including guidelines for processing and
administering Sub-loans and Seasonal Credit, satisfactory to the
Association; and (B) the Borrower has transferred SACA's activities,
assets and liabilities to MRFC.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to improve the access to
financial services for the rural sector, including the rural poor,
on a sustainable basis, and to improve the policy and institutional
framework for rural financial intermediation.
Page  10
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Line of Credit
      A line of credit to be made available, through RBM, to MRFC
for provision of: (i) short-term and medium-term financing of viable
rural enterprises including farm and non-farm activities; and (ii)
agricultural seasonal input credit to rural households.
Part B:     Institutional Support:
1.    Strengthening of MRFC through: (i) technical assistance in,
inter alia, management and accounting; (ii) the acquisition of
equipment, vehicles and supplies; (iii) the provision of office
space and accommodation facilities for the first three years of
MRFC's operation; and (iv) training.
2.    Technical assistance to MRFC in: (i) preparing and
implementing an action plan leading to MRFC's privatization; (ii)
restructuring and conversion of MRFC into a full service rural bank;
and (iii) in dealing with matters related to rural banking, rural
credit and operating systems and training.
3.    (a)   Strengthening of BDU through: (i) technical assistance
and consultants' services, in assessing and monitoring the impact of
the Project on the End-users and in developing techniques for
mobilizing financial resources and lending to the rural sector; and
(ii) the acquisition of vehicles and equipment.
      (b)   Training of End-users by DEMATT.
Part C:    WID Pilot Program
      Carrying out of a pilot program to support income-generating
activities for women and provide training for women entrepreneurs.
                          *      *     *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                         SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price contracts, the
invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines
shall provide that, when contract award is delayed beyond the
original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will
be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in bid evaluation.
2.    Goods to be procured through international competitive bidding
shall be exempted from preshipment price inspection by a third
party.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods, including
motorcycles and equipment, shall be grouped in bid packages
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more.
Page  11
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A (1) hereof, goods manufactured in Malawi may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items and groups of items, such as spare parts, estimated to
cost less than the equivalent of $20,000 per contract up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of $500,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
2.    Items or groups of items under Part A of the Project, such as
spare parts, equipment and agricultural inputs (including ferti-
lizers, chemicals and seeds) may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of procurement procedures consistent with commercial
practices.
3.    Equipment and spare parts required for compatibility with
existing equipment may be procured on the basis of negotiated
contracts in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and equipment
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraph 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ experts and consultants whose qualifi-
cations, experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
Page  12
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts, shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Category 1 set
forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement,
with respect to Special Account (A), and Categories (2) through (5)
set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement, with respect to Special Account (B);
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into Special Account (A); and (ii) an amount equivalent to
$300,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into
Special Account (B), all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Accounts shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify;
                  and
           (ii)   Prior to, or at the time of each such request,
                  the Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
Page  13
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
Parts A, B and C of the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice
the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account, as of the date of such notice, will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be;
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount;
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account; and
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
Page  14
