Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2513 MAI
                         Project Agreement
                (Rural Financial Services Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                   MALAWI RURAL FINANCE COMPANY
                       Dated October 1, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2513 MAI
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 1, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and MALAWI RURAL FINANCE
COMPANY (MRFC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Repbulic of Malawi (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eighteen
million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 18,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only
on condition that MRFC agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower, through the Reserve Bank of Malawi (RBM), and
MRFC, part of the proceeds of the credit provided for under the
Development Credit Agreement will be relent to MRFC on the terms and
conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS MRFC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
                 Management and Operations of MRFC
      Section 2.01. MRFC declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project as described
in said Schedule and in accordance with Schedule 1 to this Agreement
with due diligence and efficiency and conduct its operations and
affairs, in accordance with sound financial standards and practices,
with qualified and experienced management and in accordance with its
Memorandum and Articles of Association.
      Section 2.02. (a) MRFC undertakes that, unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans and Seasonal Credits will be made
in accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions
set forth in Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   MRFC shall exercise its rights in relation to each Sub-
project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interest of the
Association and of MRFC; (ii) comply with its obligations under this
Agreement and the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.04. MRFC shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land aquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
       Section 2.05. MRFC shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, MRFC shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) MRFC shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   MRFC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by MRFC of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.07. MRFC shall adopt a manual of policies and
operations, satisfactory to the Association, and, thereafter
periodically update the manual to reflect any policy and operational
changes.
      Section 2.08. MRFC shall establish guidelines, satisfactory to
the Association, for processing and administering of Subloans and
Seasonal Credit.
Page  3
      Section 2.09. MRFC shall take all actions and measures
necessary to implement the MRFC privatization action plan with a
view of ensuring MRFC's privatization within a period of three years
after the Effective Date.
      Section 2.10. MRFC shall, for the duration of the imple-
mentation of the Project, retain a General Manager and a Financial
Controller with qualifications satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 2.11. (a) MRFC shall take all measures necessary to
maintain a loan recovery rate of at least 90% on the operations
financed under Part A (i) and (ii) of the Project.
      (b)   Should the recovery rate fall below 90% for reasons
beyond MRFC's control, MRFC shall promptly present and implement an
action plan, satisfactory to the Association, to restore the 90%
recovery rate.
      Section 2.12. During the implementation of the Project, BDU
shall: (a) furnish its annual work program to the Association for
prior review and comments; (b) periodically monitor the imple-
mentation of Part A of the Project and evaluate its impact on the
End-users; and (c) submit evaluation reports to the Association at
least once in each year of Project implementation.
      Section 2.13. MRFC shall ensure that farmers' clubs: (a) repay
100% of outstanding Seasonal Credits before they become eligible for
any additional credit; and (b) unless otherwise agreed by the
Association for the 1993/1994 crop season, maintain at least 10% of
their outstanding Seasonal Credits in reserve funds which will be
held in a bank account controlled jointly with MRFC.
      Section 2.14. MRFC shall ensure that the proceeds of Sub-loans
or Seasonal Credit will not finance investments with a negative
impact on the environment.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) MRFC shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts A, B.1, B.2 and
C of the Project and to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of MRFC.
      (b)   MRFC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of MRFC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 15 years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify MRFC of
this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Malawi Rural Financial Company:
            OFF Chilambula Road
            P.O. Box 1280
            Lilohgwe
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of MRFC may be taken or executed by the General
Manager or such other person or persons as MRFC shall designate in
writing, and MRFC shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
Page  5
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Stephens Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  MALAWI RURAL FINANCE COMPANY
                  By /s/ R. B. Mbaya
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
            Procedures for and Terms and Conditions of
                  Sub-Loans and Seasonal credits
1.    Sub-loans under Part A (i) of the Project shall: (a) have
maturities not exceeding five years, including appropriate grace
periods, and (b) be at the market rate of interest.
2.    Seasonal credits under Part A (ii) of the Project shall: (a)
have maturities not exceeding 12 months; and (b) be at the market
rate of interest.
3.    End-users shall contribute a minimum of 10% of sub-project
costs. Their contribution may include financing in kind such as
labor, other inputs or work in progress.
      The repayment period of: (a) Seasonal credits will vary from
6 months to a year, and (b) for short-term Sub-loans will vary from
6 months to 18 months. Medium-term sub-loans shall be made for a
maximum period of 60 months, including appropriate grace periods.
4.    MRFC shall carry out the initial appraisal of the sub-
projects. MRFC shall review the sub-project in accordance with its
own appraisal policies and lending procedures which shall continue
to be satisfactory to the Association. The subproject appraisal
report will be presented in a form satisfactory to the Association,
and cover all relevant information, including, inter alia, the sub-
projects' profitability, feasibility, and an environmental impact
assessment.
      MRFC shall: (a) evaluate the sub-projects in accordance with
the DREA's guidelines to ensure that they will not have major
adverse environmental effects; (b) take all corrective measures and
actions to minimize such impact; and (c) refrain from financing sub-
projects with detrimental environmental effects that cannot be
mitigated.
5.    Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, sub-projects
under Part A (i) and (ii) of the Project shall: (a) not exceed the
equivalent of $25,000; and (b) be supported by an appraisal of the
prospective End-users' creditworthiness.
6.   MRFC shall, through RBM, submit to the Association for: (a)
prior review and approval, the first three sub-projects to be
financed with sub-loans under Part A (i) of the Project; and (b)
Page  6
review and comment, the proposed lending rates for its first year of
operation. Thereafter, if satisfactory standards are achieved, the
Association will review a sample of sub-projects on an ex-post
basis, from time to time.
7.    MRFC shall prepare its own disbursements applications for
presentation to RBM along with the sub-project appraisal
documentation.
