Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2882 ME
                    Loan Agreement
              (Second Trade Policy Loan)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
      BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR, S.N.C.
                Dated December 7, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2882 ME
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 7, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR,
S.N.C. (the Borrower).
     WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received a letter dated
September 29, 1987, from the guarantor describing a
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
continue to gradually liberalize its trade regime to
achieve greater domestic efficiency and international
competitiveness (hereinafter called the Program),
declaring the Guarantor's commitment to the execution of
the Program, and requesting assistance from the Bank in
the financing of imports and services required during
such execution; and
     (B)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Page  2
Bank has decided in support of the Program to provide
such assistance to the Guarantor by making the Loan to
the Borrower in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement;
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 11, shall be modified
to read:
          "'Project' means the imports that may be
     financed out of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant
     to the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Loan
     Agreement.";
     (b)  Section 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c)  Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     upon for this purpose between the Borrower and the
     Bank, the Borrower and the Guarantor shall prepare
     and furnish to the Bank a joint report, of such
     scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
     reasonably request, on the execution of the program
     referred to in the Preamble to the Loan Agreement,
     the performance by the Guarantor, the Borrower and
     the Bank of their respective obligations under the
     Loan and Guarantee Agreements and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan."; and
     (c)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 shall be
deleted.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions have
the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "SITC" means the United Nations Standard
International Trade Classification, 1974 Revision (SITC,
Rev. 2), published in Commodity Indexes for the Standard
International Trade Classification, Revised, Statistical
Papers, Series M, No. 38/Rev. 2 (1981); and
     (b)  "Prior Program" means the program described in
the statement of foreign trade policy sent to the Bank by
the Guarantor with a letter dated July 22, 1986,
supported by Loan No. 2745-ME, made by the Bank to the
Borrower through a loan agreement dated August 8, 1986.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to five hundred million dollars
($500,000,000).
Page  3
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1988 or such later dates the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
of such later date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each interest Period equal to one-half percent per annum
above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the Loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Transfer of Loan Proceeds
     Section 3.01. The Borrower shall enter into
contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the Rank, with
the Guarantor providing, inter alia: (a) for the transfer
to the Guarantor of the proceeds of the Loan; and (b) for
the transfer by the Guarantor to the Borrower of such
funds which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the
Bank on account of principal, interest and other charges
on the Loan. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not change or fail to enforce any
provision of such arrangements.
     Section 3.02. The Borrower, the Bank and the
Guarantor, pursuant to Section 3.01 of the Guarantee
Agreement, shall quarterly, or at the request of either
party, exchange views on the progress achieved in
Page  4
carrying out the Program, and in the fulfillment of the
conditions specified in paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.04. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the expenditures
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said accounts
                    and the audit thereof as the Bank
                    shall from time to time reasonably
                    request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, separate records and accounts
               reflecting such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts or other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such separate accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report thereof contains, in respect
               of such separate accounts, a separate
               opinion by said auditors as to whether
               the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in
               respect of such expenditures were used
               for the purposes for which they were
               provided.
                      ARTICLE IV
Page  5
            Additional Event of Suspension
     Section 4.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified, namely, that an event has occurred which shall
make it improbable that the Program, or a significant
part thereof, will be carried out.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01.  The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of 'the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  that the contractual arrangements referred to
in Section 3.01 of this Agreement shall have been
executed;
     (b)  that the Guarantor shall have furnished to the
Bank evidence that its macro-economic policy framework is
consistent with the Program; and
     (c)  that the Guarantor shall have continued to
implement its calendar for the reduction of import
tariffs included in the Prior Program.
     Section 5.02.  The following is specified as an
additional matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank, namely,
that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section
3.01 of this Agreement have been executed and delivered
on behalf of the parties thereto and are legally binding
upon them in accordance with their terms.
     Section 5.03.  The date March 8, 1988 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6.01.  The Director General of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Banco Nacional de Comercio Exterior, S.N.C.
          Camino A Sta. Teresa No. 1679
          Col. Jardines del Pedregal
          01900 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
                                                 Telex:
                                        1764393-BNCE ME
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
Page  6
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
     Cable address:                              Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                         Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the Caribbean
                    BANCO NACIONAL DE COMERCIO EXTERIOR,
S.N.C.
                    By /s/ Alfredo Phillips Olmedo
                         Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
ln this Schedule, the proceeds of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of imported goods required during
the execution of the Program and to be financed out of
such proceeds.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  expenditures for goods included in the
following SITC groups or sub-groups:
     Group          Sub-group      Description of Items
     112       -              Alcoholic beverages
     121       -              Tobacco, unmanufactured;
                              tobacco refuse
     122       -              Tobacco, manufactured
     667       -              Pearls, precious and semi-
                              precious stones, unworked
or
                              worked
     688       -              Uranium depleted in U235
Page  7
and
                              thorium, and their alloys,
                              unwrought or wrought, and
                              articles there for, n.e.s.;
                              waste and scrap of uranium
                              depleted in U235 and of
thorium
     718       718.7               Nuclear reactors, and
parts
                              thereof, n.e.s.
     897       897.3               Jewelry of gold,
silver or
                              Platinum group metals
(except
                              watches and watch cases)
and
                              goldsmiths' or
silversmiths'
                              wares (including set gems)
     -         971.0               Gold, non-monetary
(excluding
                              gold ores and concentrates)
     (b)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$100,000,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after March 31, 1987;
     (c)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any official national or international
financing institution or agency shall have financed or
agreed to finance;
     (d)  expenditures for goods, intended for a military
or para-military purpose or for luxury consumption; and
     (e)  expenditures for goods, the importation of
which is subject to Non-tariff Barriers in Mexico.
3.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to the Borrower or others
in respect of expenditures to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan after the aggregate of the proceeds
of the Loan withdrawn from the Loan Account and the total
amount of such commitments shall have reached the
equivalent of $300,000,000 unless:
     (a)  the Bank shall have been satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of the
Guarantee Agreement:
          (A)  with the progress made by the Guarantor
               in carrying out the Program;
          (B)  with the progress made by the Guarantor
               in the implementation of its calendar for
               the reduction of import tariffs included
               in the Prior Program;
          (C)  that the macro-economic policy framework
               of the Guarantor is consistent with the
               Program; and
     (b)  the Guarantor shall have furnished to the Bank
evidence satisfactory to the Bank that it has reduced
quantitative restrictions and official reference prices
on imports by 20% of total production from the level of
63.1% of total production existing on November 30, 1986,
Page  8
such total production to be calculated in accordance with
methods and on the basis of a time period acceptable to
the Bank.
4.   If, after the exchange of views referred to in
paragraph 3.01 of the Guarantee Agreement, the Bank is
not satisfied as to the compliance by the Guarantor with
the conditions included in sub-paragraph (a) and (b) of
paragraph 3 of this Schedule and this situation shall not
be rectified within 90 days after notice thereof by the
Bank, then the Bank, by notice to the Borrower, may
cancel the amount of the Loan unwithdrawn from the Loan
Account or any part thereof.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                 Amortization Schedule
                                  Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                (expressed in dollars)*
On each May 1 and November 1
     beginning May 1, 1991
     through May 1, 2002                     20,835,000
On November 1, 2002                          20,795,000
___________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment            Premium
                              The interest rate (ex-
                              pressed as a percentage
                              per annum) applicable to
                              the balance outstanding
                              on the Loan on the day of
                              prepayment multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.20
     before maturity
More than three years but
     not more than six years
     before maturity                         0.40
More than six years but
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity                         0.73
More than 11 years but not
     more than 13 years
     before maturity                         0.87
More than 13 years
     before maturity                         1.00
Page  9
                      SCHEDULE 3
                      Procurement
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more each shall be
awarded through International competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a)  Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted there for:
     "2.8      Notification and Advertising
          The International community should be notified
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation ln the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Forum, Business
               Edition; or
          (ii) an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               International circulation; or
          (iii)     a notice to local representatives of
                    countries and territories referred
                    to ln the Guidelines, that are
                    potential suppliers of the goods
                    required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
          "As a further alternative, bidding documents
     may require the bidder to state the bid price ln a
     single currency widely used in International trade
     and specified in the bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $5,000,000 each shall be awarded on the
basis of the normal procurement procedures of the
purchaser of such goods.
3.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account ln respect of such contract, two conformed copies
of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures
followed and such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
Page  10
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect thereof, such documentation and
information as the Bank may reasonably request to support
withdrawal applications ln respect of such contract.
5.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 3 and 4
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank
has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on the
basis of statements of expenditure.
