Page  1
                                                            CONFORMED COPY
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2672 EGT
                       Development Credit Agreement
                     (Irrigation Improvement Project)
                                  between
                          ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                                    and
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          Dated November 27, 1995
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2672 EGT
                       DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 27, 1995, between ARAB REPUBLIC
OF EGYPT (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to
the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Association to
assist in the financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International
Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) to provide
additional assistance towards the financing of the Project and
by an agreement of even date herewith between the Borrower and
the Bank (the Loan Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to provide
such assistance in an aggregate principal amount equivalent to
twenty-six million seven hundred thousand dollars ($26,700,000)
(the Loan);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association intend, to the
extent practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit provided
for in this Agreement be disbursed on account of expenditures
in respect of the Project before disbursements of the proceeds
of the Loan provided for in the Loan Agreement are made;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from other sources
of finance (the Cofinanciers) loans and grants in an aggregate
amount equivalent to about $49,000,000 to assist in financing
Page  2
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in agreements
(the Cofinanciers' Agreements) to be entered into between the
Borrower and the Confinanciers; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the
Preamble to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth and the following additional terms have the following
meanings:
      (a)   "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the Project, as
such agreement may be amended from time to time, and such term
includes the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as
applied to such agreement, and all agreements supplemental to
the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "MPW" means the Borrower's Ministry of Public Works
and Water Resources;
      (d)   "Irrigation and Drainage Law" means the Borrower's
Law No. 12 of 1984, as amended; and
      (e)   "WUGs" means the Water User Groups to be organized
under the Irrigation and Drainage Law.
                                ARTICLE II
                                The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to thirty-five million seven hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 35,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures
made (or, if the Association shall so agree, to be made) in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower may, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank, acceptable to the Association, on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall
be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2002,
or such later date as the Association shall establish. The
Association shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount of the
Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by
the Association as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed
the rate of one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date)
to the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by
the Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at
the rate set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the
accrual date and at such other rates as may be set from time to
time thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next date
in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such
places as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii)
without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the
territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified
in this Agreement for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions or in such other eligible currency or
currencies as may from time to time be designated or selected
pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4
of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall
be payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each
year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below,
the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semi-annual installments payable on each June 15 and December
15 commencing June 15, 2005 and ending December 15, 2029.  Each
installment to and including the installment payable on
December 15, 2014 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%)
of such principal amount, and each installment thereafter shall
be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product
per capita, as determined by the Association, shall have
exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive
years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider the Borrower
creditworthy for Bank lending, the Association may, subsequent
to the review and approval thereof by the Executive Directors
of the Association and after due consideration by them of the
development of the Borrower's economy, modify the terms of
repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower,
the Association may revise such modification to include, in
lieu of some or all of the increase in the amounts of such
installments, the payment of interest at an annual rate agreed
with the Association on the principal amount of the Credit
withdrawn and outstanding from time to time, provided that, in
the judgment of the Association, such revision shall not change
the grant element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines
Page  4
that the Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated
significantly, the Association may, if so requested by the
Borrower, further modify the terms of repayment to conform to
the schedule of installments as provided in paragraph (a)
above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America
is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the
General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE III
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate engineering, financial, environmental and
administrative practices, and shall provide, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower and
the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit and the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                                ARTICLE IV
                       Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to
be maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                  for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                  audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than nine
                  months after the end of each such year, a
                  certified copy of the report of such audit by
                  said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                  as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records, accounts
                  and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                  from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
Page  5
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from
                  the Credit Account was made, all records
                  (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                  and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
          (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are dealt
                  with in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                  report of such audit contains a separate
                  opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                  statements of expenditure submitted during such
                  fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                  internal controls involved in their
                  preparation, can be relied upon to support the
                  related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall ensure the issuance, by
June 30, 1995, in accordance with the Irrigation and Drainage
Law, of regulations providing for the recovery from farmers of
the cost of pumps installed at Tertiary Canal Intake over a
period not exceeding five years, and of the cost of civil works
associated with the construction of Tertiaris (Meskas) over a
period of not less than ten years but not more than twenty
years, calculated to take into account each farmer's capacity
to pay in accordance with guidelines agreed with the
Association.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall ensure: (a) the
application of measures to prevent Bilharzia snails from
reinfecting the drains; and (b) the preparation, by MPW's Water
Research Center, in collaboration with the Borrower's Ministry
of Health, and the furnishing to the Association of annual
reports on the prevalence of the Bilharzia disease and on the
use of mulluscicides to destroy Bilharzia snails in the
Borrower's Governorates of Beheira and Kafr El-Sheikh.
      Section 4.04. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   prepare and furnish to the Association, not later
than six (6) months after the Closing Date, or such later date
as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Association, a
plan, prepared on the basis of guidelines satisfactory to the
Association, for the future operation of the Project;
      (b)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with the Borrower on said plan; and
      (c)   thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                                 ARTICLE V
                        Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   The Cofinanciers' Agreements shall have failed to
Page  6
become effective by September 30, 1995, or such later date as
the Association may agree; provided, however, that the
provisions of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower
establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that
adequate funds for the Project are available to the Borrower
from other sources on terms and conditions consistent with the
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
      (b)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                        to the terms thereof; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations
                  under such agreement; and (B) adequate funds
                  for the Project are available to the Borrower
                  from other sources on terms and conditions
                  consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
                  under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified,
namely, that the event specified in paragraph (b) (i) (B) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the
proviso of paragraph (b) (ii) of that Section.
                                ARTICLE VI
                        Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development
Credit Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
General Conditions, namely, that all conditions precedent to
the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement, have been fulfilled,
other than the effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The date 120 days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04
of the General Conditions.
      Section 6.03. The obligations of the Borrower under
Sections 4.03 and 4.04 of this Agreement shall cease and
terminate on the date on which this Agreement shall terminate
or on the date twenty years after the date of this Agreement,
whichever shall be the earlier.
                                ARTICLE VII
                 Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of State for International
Cooperation of the Borrower's Ministry of International
Cooperation or the First Undersecretary for International
Finance of said Ministry is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
Page  7
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of International Cooperation
            (International Finance Sector)
            8 Adly Street
            Cairo, Egypt
            Cable address:                Telex:
              MINISTRY OF INTERNATIONAL   927-23348
                COOPERATION
              Cairo
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
              INDEVAS                     197688 (TRT),
              Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                           64145 (WUI) or
                                           82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                        By /s/ Ahmed Maher El-Sayed
                                                Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                                  Regional Vice President
                                             Middle East and North Africa
                                SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit and Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit and Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                        Amount             Amount
                        of the             of the
                         Loan              Credit             % of
                       Allocated          Allocated         Expendi-
                      (Expressed         (Expressed          tures
Page  8
                       in Dollar           in SDR            to be
Category               Equivalent)       Equivalent)        Financed
(1)  Works             20,000,000         27,500,000        70%
(2)  Goods              5,000,000          6,700,000        100% of
                                                            foreign
                                                            expendi-
                                                            tures, 100%
                                                            of local
                                                            expendi-
                                                            tures (ex-
                                                            factory
                                                            cost) and
                                                            80% of local
                                                            expenditures
                                                            for other
                                                            items pro-
                                                            cured
                                                            locally
(3)  Consultants'           -                100,000        100%
     services and
     training
(4)  Unallocated        1,700,000          1,400,000
                      ___________         __________
      TOTAL           26,700,000          35,700,000
                      ===========         ==========
2.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country
other than that of the Borrower; and
    (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower.
3.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.  The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure
for expenditures for goods, works and services under contracts
not exceeding the equivalent of $300,000, $1,000,000 and
$50,000, respectively, under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                        Description of the Project
    The objectives of the Project are to: (a) increase
agricultural production and farmers' incomes within the three
irrigation command areas of the Mahmoudia Irrigation Canal in
the Borrower's Governorate of Beheira, and of the Manaifa and
El Wasat Irrigation Canals in the Borrower's Governorate of
Kafr El-Sheikh, through (i) upgrading of irrigation services,
(ii) increasing of water use efficiency, (iii) transferring of
responsibility for operation and management of the tertiary
system to farmers, and (iv) improving of communications among
farmers, technical staff and policy makers; and (b) strengthen
the planning and implementation capacity of MPW.
    The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may
agree upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Page  9
Part A:   Irrigation Works
1.  Improvement of main and secondary canals delivery systems
through: (a) concrete lining and slope stabilization; (b)
replacement of deteriorated old structures; (c) installation of
downstream control gates, cross regulators and distributors on
main and secondary canals; and (d) installation of pumps on
selected locations for reuse of controlled quantities of
drainage effluent and water supplies from rice fields mixed
with fresh water to meet water deficit.
2.  Improvement of the tertiary system through: (a) provision of
single lift pumping stations at the intake of tertiary
laterals, and (b) construction of lined tertiaries and covered
PVC piped tertiary laterals.
Part B:   Irrigation Advisory Services
    Establishment of centers for irrigation advisory services to
assist initially in organizing water user groups (WUGs) and
subsequently to provide the WUGs with technical support for
maintenance of laterals and pumps, and with training in
financial management.
Part C:   Environmental Assessment and Management
1.  Strengthening of the environmental assessment and management
capacity of MPW through the provision of technical services and
training.
2.  Development of environmental guidelines for irrigation
development.
3.  Monitoring of water quality.
4.  Implementation of a program to train farmers in the proper
storage, handling and use of pesticides.
Part D:   On-farm Irrigation Management Demonstration Program
    Carrying out of demonstrations of proven technologies to
improve on-farm irrigation management in areas such as land
levelling, soil conditioning, irrigation scheduling and
determination of the quantity and size of irrigation streams.
Part E:   Communications
    Carrying out of a communication program to improve awareness
by the general public, technical staff and managers of the
importance of water conservation and of preservation of water
quality.
Part F:   Staff Training
    Development and implementation of a staff training program
to upgrade the technical skills of staff involved in irrigation
development.
                               *     *     *
    The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2002.
                                SCHEDULE 3
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.  Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
Page  10
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines) and
in accordance with the following additional procedures:
    (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original bid
validity period, such period may be extended once, subject to
and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of the
Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to complete
the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and clearances and
award the contract. The bid validity period may be extended a
second time only if the bidding documents or the request for
extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment of the bid
price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for the contract
over the period of extension. Such an increase in the bid price
shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation. With
respect to each contract made subject to the Association's
prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part D.2 (a)
of this Section, the Association's prior approval will be
required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
    (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard
bidding documents issued by the Association, with such
modifications thereto as the Association shall have agreed to
be necessary for the purposes of the Project.
2.  Bidders for works shall be prequalified as provided in
paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
    In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in
the Arab Republic of Egypt may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions
of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1
through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.  Goods for downstream control automatic gates and telemetry
systems, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,000,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of bids invited from a list, acceptable to the
Association of qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8,
2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
2.  Goods, estimated to cost the equivalent of $120,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers from at least two different countries eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
3.  Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $60,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.  Contracts for goods which the Borrower and the Bank agree
are available from a single source of supply or need to be
compatible with installed equipment, may be awarded after
Page  11
direct negotiations with suppliers, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
5.  Works for service centers and office, housing and other
building facilities, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$250,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $2,300,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.  Review of Prequalification:
    With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided
in Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.  Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
    (a)   With respect to each contract for works estimated to
cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more and for goods
estimated to cost the equivalent of $300,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
    (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account
such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association
pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the
Association as part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
    (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.  The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.  Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded to consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant
Guidelines). For complex, time-based assignments, the Borrower
shall employ such consultants under contracts using the
standard form of contract for consultants' services issued by
the Association, with such modifications as shall have been
agreed by the Association. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Association, the Borrower
shall use other standard forms agreed with the Association.
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Page  12
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior
Association review shall not apply to (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $120,000 equivalent or above, or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $60,000 equivalent or
above.
                                SCHEDULE 4
                          Implementation Program
1.  Overall responsibility for the carrying out of the Project
shall be assigned by the Borrower to MPW. For this purpose, the
Borrower shall continue to maintain: (a) with staff and other
resources and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, within MPW's Irrigation Improvement Project
Directorate, a Project execution section headed by a qualified
Project Director and consisting of two units one for
construction and procurement and the other for finance; and (b)
arrangements, satisfactory to the Association, for ensuring
close cooperation in the carrying out of the Project between
MPW and the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Land
Reclamation.
2.  In order to facilitate the efficient execution of the
Project, the Borrower shall continue to maintain, with staff
and other resources and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association:
    (a)   for ensuring overall coordination of Project activities
and the provision of policy guidance in respect thereof, a
technical coordinating committee chaired by the Chairman of
MPW's Irrigation Department and composed of representatives
from MPW's Water Research Center and Drainage Research
Institute, and the Soil and Water Research Institute of the
Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation; and
    (b)   for ensuring coordination of Project execution within
each of the Borrower's Governorates of Beheira and Kafr El-
Sheikh, a local coordinating committee for each such
Governorate chaired by MPW's Undersecretary for Irrigation and
composed of the field director for such Governorate of MPW's
Irrigation Improvement Project Directorate, the respective
representatives in such Governorate of MPW's Irrigation
Advisory Service, and the Undersecretary for Agriculture of the
Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation.
3.  In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out of the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants with
qualifications and terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association.
4.  The Borrower shall:
    (a)   maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable it
to monitor and evaluate, on an ongoing basis, in accordance
with indicators satisfactory to the Association, the carrying
out of the Project and the achievement of the objectives
thereof;
    (b)   prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Page  13
Association, and furnish to the Association, on or about
December 31, 1998, a report integrating the results of the
monitoring and evaluation activities performed pursuant to
subparagraph (a) of this paragraph, on the progress achieved in
the carrying out of the Project during the period preceding the
date of said report and setting out the measures recommended to
ensure the efficient carrying out of the Project and the
achievement of the objectives thereof during the period
following such date; and
    (c)   review with the Association, by March 31, 1999, or such
later date as may be agreed between the Borrower and the
Association, the said report, and, thereafter, take all
measures required to ensure the efficient completion of the
Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof, based on
the conclusions and recommendations of the said report and the
Association's views on the matter.
                                SCHEDULE 5
                              Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1
to the Development Credit Agreement;
    (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit or the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
the Development Credit Agreement; and
    (c)   the term "Authorized Allocations" means an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit
Account or the Loan Account and deposited into the Special
Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule, provided,
however, that unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Authorized Allocation shall be limited to an amount equivalent
to $1,000,000 until the aggregate amount of withdrawals from
the Credit Account plus the total amount of all outstanding
special commitments entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions shall be equal to or
exceed the equivalent of $5,000,000.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Accounts has been duly opened, withdrawals
of the Authorized Allocations and subsequent withdrawals to
replenish the Special Accounts shall be made as follows:
    (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocations, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests
for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate
amount of the Authorized Allocations. On the basis of such
request or requests, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account or the Loan Account
and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
    (b)    (i)  For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                such intervals as the Association shall specify.
         (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
Page  14
                documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                payments in respect of which replenishment is
                requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                withdraw from the Credit Account or the Loan
                Account and deposit into the Special Account such
                amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                as shall have been shown by said documents and
                other evidence to have been paid out of the
                Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account or the Loan Account under the respective
eligible Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts,
as shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.  For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association
shall reasonably request, furnish to the Association such
documents and other evidence showing that such payment was made
exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
    (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower
directly from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Article V of the General Conditions, paragraph
(a) of Section 2.02 of the Development Credit Agreement or from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Section
2.02 of the Loan Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions applicable thereto; or
    (b)  if the Borrower shall have failed to furnish to the
Association, within the period of time specified in Section
4.01 (b) (ii) of this Agreement, any of the audit reports
required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
Section in respect of the audit of the records and accounts for
the Special Account;
    (c)  if, at any time, the Association shall have notified the
Borrower of its intention to suspend in whole or in part the
right of the Borrower to make withdrawals from the Credit
Account or the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of
Section 6.02 of the applicable General Conditions; or
    (d)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the
Loan allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into
by the Association or the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
respective General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account and the Loan
Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and
the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project
shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall
have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit
in the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.  (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made foran expenditure or in an 
amount not eligible pursuant to
paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the
Page  15
evidence furnished to the Association, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association: (A) provide such
additional evidence as the Association may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Association shall
so request, refund to the Association or the Bank) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not
so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided
such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may
be.
    (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures,
the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association,
refund to the Association or the Bank such outstanding amount.
    (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association or the Bank all or any portion of the funds
on deposit in the Special Account.
    (d)  Refunds to the Association or the Bank made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account or the Loan Account, as the case
may be, for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Development
Credit Agreement or the Loan Agreement, including the General
Conditions applicable thereto.
