Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2268 UG
                       (Third Power Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                     UGANDA ELECTRICITY BOARD
                       Dated January 9, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2268 UG
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 9, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and UGANDA ELECTRICITY
BOARD (UEB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between The Republic of Uganda (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eighty-six
million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 86,900,000) on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that UEB agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and UEB, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be relent
to UEB on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS UEB, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. UEB declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A and B of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, and engineering practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for Parts
A and B of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. UEB shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A
and B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. UEB shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, UEB shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) UEB shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Parts A and B of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   UEB shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A and B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by UEB of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of UEB
      Section 3.01. UEB shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
engineering and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. UEB shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
Page  3
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. UEB shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association,
for insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. UEB shall, on an annual basis, review and make
appropriate adjustments to its staff remuneration policy to
compensate for inflation and to maintain the competitiveness of the
remuneration policy.
      Section 3.05. UEB shall promptly review its staffing needs and
submit to the Association, by December 31, 1991, a comprehensive
list of staffing needs, including its proposals for filling such
needs.
      Section 3.06. UEB shall prepare and submit to the Association
quarterly progress reports on the implementation of Parts A and B of
the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) UEB shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   UEB shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                   expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                   tion;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably re-
                   quested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and
                   financial statements as well as the audit there-
                   of, as the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. UEB shall provide the Association with semi-
annual reports of outstanding accounts receivable, including the
dates and amounts of arrears by major customer category.
      Section 4.03. UEB shall undertake a revaluation of its assets
in accordance with sound and consistently maintained methods of
valuation and revaluation acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, UEB shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal
year ending on December 31, 1992, an annual rate of return of not
less than 8% of the average current net value of UEB's revalued
fixed assets in operation.
      (b)   Not later than June 30, 1992, and thereafter not later
than June 30 in each subsequent year, UEB shall, on the basis of
Page  4
forecasts prepared by UEB and satisfactory to the Association,
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph
(a) in respect of such year and the next following fiscal year and
shall furnish to the Association the results of such review upon its
completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that UEB would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for UEB's fiscal years
covered by such review, UEB shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure and/or levels of its tariffs) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The annual return shall be calculated by divid-
                   ing UEB's net operating income for the fiscal
                   year in question by one half of the sum of the
                   current net value of UEB's fixed assets in
                   operation at the beginning and at the end of
                   that fiscal year.
            (ii)   The term "net operating income" means total
                   operating revenues less total operating expens-
                   es.
            (iii)  The term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                   nues from all sources related to operations.
            (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to operations, including admin-
                   istration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                   payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                   depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                   of not less than 2.8% per annum of the average
                   current gross value of UEB's fixed assets in
                   operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                   Association, but excluding interest and other
                   charges on debt.
            (v)    The average current gross value of UEB's fixed
                   assets in operation shall be calculated as one
                   half of the sum of the gross value of UEB's
                   fixed assets in operation at the beginning and
                   at the end of the fiscal year, as valued from
                   time to time in accordance with sound and con-
                   sistently maintained methods of valuation satis-
                   factory to the Association.
            (vi)   The term "current net value of UEB's fixed
                   assets in operation" means the gross value of
                   UEB's fixed assets in operation less the amount
                   of accumulated depreciation, as valued from time
                   to time in accordance with sound and consistent-
                   ly maintained methods of valuation satisfactory
                   to the Association.
            (vii)  The rate of return shall be calculated on the
                   basis of the United States dollar equivalent of
                   UEB's net revalued assets in operation.
      Section 4.05. UEB shall, by December 31, 1992, take all
measures necessary to increase its tariff by a rate which will
result in the average tariff being not less than the Uganda
Shillings equivalent of 7.2 cents of a United States Dollar per
Kw/hr and starting January 1, 1994, increase the average tariffs, in
United States dollar terms, by 5% each year.
      Section 4.06. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, UEB shall not incur any debt, unless the net revenues of UEB
for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of such incur-
rence or a later twelve-month period ended prior to the date of such
Page  5
incurrence, which ever is the greater, shall be at least 1.5 times
the estimated maximum debt service requirements of UEB for any
succeeding fiscal year on all debt of the UEB, including the debt to
be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "debt" means any indebtedness of UEB
                   maturing by its terms more than one year after
                   the date on which is it originally incurred.
            (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                   loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                   providing for such debt or for the modification
                   of its terms of payment on the date of such
                   contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                   a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                   providing for such guarantee has been entered
                   into.
            (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the difference
                   between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations adjusted to take
                         account of UEB's rates in effect at the
                         time of the incurrence of debt even though
                         they were not in effect during the twelve-
                         month period to which such revenues relat-
                         ed and net non-operating income; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                         tions including administration, adequate
                         maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                         taxes, but excluding provision for depre-
                         ciation, other non-cash operating charges
                         and interest and other charges on debt.
            (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayment (including sinking
                   fund payments, if any) of, and interest and
                   other charges on, debt.
            (vi)   Whenever, for the purposes of this Section, it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in anoth-
                   er currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                   basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                   at which such other currency is, at the time of
                   such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                   servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                   rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                   able to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
Page  6
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of UEB thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                   ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date twenty years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify UEB of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
     For UEB:
            Uganda Electricity Board
            P.O. Box 7059
            Kampala, Uganda
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   AMBER                     61029 AMBER
                   Kampala                   Kampala
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of UEB may be taken or executed by The Chairman
and Managing Director or such other person or persons as The
Chairman and Managing Director shall designate in writing, and UEB
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
Page  7
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Francis X. Colaco
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                           Africa
                   UGANDA ELECTRICITY BOARD
                   By /s/ Stephen K. Katenta-Apuli
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Goods and works shall be procured under contracts awarded in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for civil works under Part A of the Project shall be
prequalified as provided in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Uganda may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, UEB may grant a margin of preference
to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    The procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply to the review of invitations to bid
and of proposed awards and final contracts.
3.The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
Page  8
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist UEB in carrying out engineering and
consultants' services for design and construction supervision and
equipment specification and evaluation under Part A of the Project,
UEB shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
