Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3319 POL
                   (Telecommunications Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated May 29, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3319 POL
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 29, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF POLAND (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Polish Post, Telephone and
Telegraph (the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasi-
bility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing
of the Project; and
      (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a Loan in various currencies equivalent to one hundred twenty
million dollars ($120,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with
the modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally Guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                Execution of Part C of the Project
      Section 3.01.  (a)  The Guarantor shall carry out or cause to
be carried out Part C of the Project, through its Ministry of Post
and Telecommunications, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate practices, and shall provide, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the purpose.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall: (i) repay to the Borrower the
proceeds of the Loan made available to it by the Borrower for Part
C of the Project pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of the Loan Agreement
over a period of seventeen years, including a grace period of five
years; and (ii) compensate the Borrower for all amounts of interest
and other charges paid or payable by the Borrower on the proceeds of
the Loan so made available to the Guarantor.
      Section 3.02. (a) In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying
out Part C of the Project, the Guarantor shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms of reference shall be
satisfactory to the Bank.
      (b)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, procurement of
consultants' services required for Part C of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Section II of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall prepare and furnish or cause
to be prepared and furnished to the Borrower all such information as
the Borrower shall reasonably request in order to enable it to carry
out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.06 and 9.07 of the
General Conditions (relating to plans and schedules and records and
reports, respectively) in respect of Part C of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                          Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   maintain or cause to be maintained records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of Part C of
the Project of the departments or agencies of the Guarantor
responsible for the carrying out thereof; and
      (b)   furnish to the Bank (i) not later than six months after
the end of each fiscal year, certified copies of said accounts for
such year, and (ii) such other information concerning said records
and accounts as the Bank shall reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Minister of Post and Telecommunications of
the Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for
the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Minister of Post and Telecommunications
            00-940 Warsaw
            Pl. Makachowskiego 2
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   GENTEL                    813001
                   WARSAW
       For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF POLAND
Page  4
                         By /s/ Kazimierz Dziewanowski
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Eugenio F. Lari
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
