Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2452-0 HO
                   Development Credit Agreement
                  (Nutrition and Health Project)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 11, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2452-0 HO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 11, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received a letter dated November 18,
1992 from the Borrower describing its health, nutrition, water and
sanitation policies designed to improve the health and nutrition
conditions in the Borrower's territory, and declaring the Borrower's
commitment to the implementation of such policies;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to obtain from bilateral and
multilateral aid and development organizations (Additional
Financiers) loans and grants in an amount equivalent to $13,500,000
(thirteen million five hundred thousand dollars), to assist the FAP
(Family Assistance Program, as hereinafter defined) in financing
Part A.2 of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and each of the
Page  2
Additional Financiers (Additional Funding Agreements); and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "AIDS" means the Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome;
      (b)   "BMI Area" means an area which includes any of the
Departments of Comayagua, Copan, El Paraiso, Francisco Morazan, La
Paz, Ocotepeque, Olancho, Santa Barbara and Valle within the
Borrower's territory, and other such Departments as may be
acceptable to the Association;
      (c)   "BMJF Area" means an area which includes any of the
Departments of Copan, Cortes, Choluteca, Francisco Morazan,
Intibuca, Lempira, Santa Barbara and Valle within the Borrower's
territory, and other such Departments as may be acceptable to the
Association;
      (d)   "Contrato" means a contract entered into, or to be
entered into, between the Borrower, through MOH, and a Junta for
purposes of carrying out a Subproject, as required by Section 3.08
of this Agreement;
      (e)   "Decree 127-91" means the Decreto No. 127-91 of the
Borrower dated October 15, 1991, published in the Official Gazette
(La Gaceta) on November 22, 1991, amended by Decree No. 135-92;
      (f)   "Decree No. 135-92" means the Decreto No. 135-92 of the
Borrower dated October 6, 1992 published in the Official Gazette (La
Gaceta) on November 14, 1992;
      (g)   "FAP" means the Family Assistance Program (Programa de
Asignacion Familiar) of the Borrower governed by Decree No. 127-91,
as amended by Decree No. 135-92;
      (h)   "FAP Operational Manual" means the manual of FAP
containing the administrative, promotion, eligibility and
supervision criteria to be followed by FAP in carrying out Part A.2
of the Project and to be approved pursuant to the provisions of
Section 7.01 (b) of this Agreement, as such manual may be amended
from time to time in terms acceptable to the Association;
      (i)   "FAP's Regulations" means the Acuerdo Presidencial No.
349-A of the Borrower dated April 27, 1992, published in the
Official Gazette (La Gaceta) on June 13, 1992;
      (j)   "FAP Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and FAP, pursuant to Section 3.01
(c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to such agreement;
      (k)   "FY" means the fiscal year of the Borrower which begins
on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year;
Page  3
      (l)   "Implementation Letter" means the letter of even date
herewith from the Borrower to the Association containing reference
to the matters to be examined during the reviews referred to in
Section 3.16 of this Agreement;
      (m)   "Junta" means any of the local water and sanitation
boards within the Borrower's territory, eligible to carry out a
Subproject in accordance with the Water Supply and Sanitation
Operational Manual, which has entered into or proposes to enter into
a Contrato with the Borrower, through MOH;
      (n)   "Lempiras" means the currency of the Borrower;
      (o)   "MOH" means the Ministry of Health (Secretaria de Estado
en el Despacho de Salud Publica y Asistencia Social) of the
Borrower;
      (p)   "Presidential Decree No. 1071-A" means the Acuerdo
Presidencial No. 1071-A of the Borrower, dated October 7, 1991,
which governs SCES;
      (q)   "Project Area" means an area which includes the BMI and
BMJF Areas, as defined in Section 1.02 (b) and (c) of this
Agreement;
      (r)   "Project Unit" means the MOH's Project unit referred to
in Section 3.06 of this Agreement;
      (s)   "SCES" means the Secretaria Ejecutiva del Gabinete
Social, the Borrower's Social Cabinet Executive Secretariat,
established pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 1071-A;
      (t)   "SCES Regulations" means the Acuerdo Presidencial No.
2834 of the Borrower dated December 8, 1992;
      (u)   "SIF" means the Social Investment Fund (Fondo Hondureno
de Inversion Social) of the Borrower, established as a public entity
with juridical personality pursuant to Decree No. 12-90, and whose
duration was extended until March 31, 1994 pursuant to Decree No.
19-92;
      (v)   "SIF Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower, through MOH, and SIF in accordance with
Section 7.01 (e) of this Agreement under which SIF shall assist the
Borrower, through MOH in carrying out Parts B.1 and B.2 of the
Project until March 31, 1994;
      (w)    "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (x)   "Subproject" means a project carried out, or to be
carried out, under Part C.1 of the Project financed in part by the
proceeds of the Credit; and
      (y)   "Water Supply and Sanitation Operational Manual" means
the manual of the MOH, to be approved pursuant to the provisions of
Section 7.01 (c) of this Agreement, containing: (i) the
administrative, technical, financial and eligibility criteria to be
followed by each Junta in operating and maintaining its local water
supply and sanitation systems; and (ii) the terms and conditions to
be included in each Contrato.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to seventeen million eight hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 17,800,000).
Page  4
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank (Banco Central de Honduras) on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1997 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1 commencing
July 1, 2003 and ending January 1, 2033. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on January 1, 2013 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
Page  5
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
      (a)   shall carry out: (i) through MOH, Parts A.1, B.1 through
B.6, C and D.1 of the Project; and (ii) through SCES, Parts A.4 and
D.2 of the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, public health,
technical, environmental, managerial and financial practices, and,
with respect to Part C.1 of the Project, also in accordance with the
Water Supply and Sanitation Operational Manual, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for such Parts of the Project; and
      (b)   shall cause FAP to carry out Parts A.2 and A.3 of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, public health, technical, managerial and
financial practices, and in accordance with FAP's Operational
Manual, shall take or cause to be taken all action, including the
provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable FAP to carry out the Project, and
shall not take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent
or interfere with the carrying out of Parts A.2 and A.3 of the
Project by FAP;
      (c)   the Borrower shall enter into a subsidiary agreement
with FAP, satisfactory to the Association, providing, inter alia:
            (i)   the transfer of part of the proceeds of the
                  Credit to FAP, on a grant basis, for the purposes
                  of carrying out Parts A.2 and A.3 of the Project;
                  and
           (ii)   the obligation of FAP to carry out Parts A.2 and
                  A.3 of the Project in accordance with the
                  conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the
                  FAP's Operational Manual; and
      (d)   the Borrower shall exercise its rights and comply with
its obligations under the FAP Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as
to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Association, and to
accomplish the purposes of the Credit, and, except as the
Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not amend or
fail to enforce the FAP Subsidiary Agreement or any provision
thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Page  6
      Section 3.03. The Association and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04. 9.05, 9.06,
and 9.07 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of
goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports and
maintenance, respectively) in respect of Parts A.2 and A.3 of the
Project shall be carried out by FAP.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower, through MOH, shall: (a) not later
than November 15, 1993, furnish to the Association a draft of the
long-term nutrition policy and the results of the evaluation,
referred to in Part A.1 (a) of the Project; (b) as part of the first
annual review as referred to in Section 3.16 of this Agreement,
jointly review with the Association the draft of such policy and the
results of such evaluation; (c) furnish to the Association, for its
approval by January 31, 1994, an action plan, for implementing the
recommendations of such policy and evaluation; (d) commence the
implementation of such action plan immediately thereafter as
approved by the Association; and (e) complete the implementation of
such action plan not later than December 31, 1995.
      Section 3.05. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 3.01 (a), the Borrower, through MOH, shall establish the
eligibility criteria to carry out Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project,
such eligibility criteria to include, inter alia: (A) with respect
to Part B.1 of the Project: (i) that primary health care centers be
located in areas of high rate of malnutrition within the BMI Area;
and (ii) that the rehabilitation works in such area do not exceed an
upper limit cost equivalent to $10,000 per primary health care
center; and (B) with respect to Part B.2 of the Project: (i) that
construction of the new primary health care centers be located
within the BMI Area; (ii) that a population ranging from 1,500 to
3,000 people to be benefited by the new primary health care are not
receiving proper medical treatment; and (iii) that there be a 5- to
10-kilometer distance between an existing primary health care center
and the new primary health care center to be constructed under this
Part of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower, through MOH, shall carry out Parts B.1 and
B.2 of the Project in accordance with performance indicators
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.06. (a) In order to assist the Borrower in the
carrying out of Parts B.1 through B.6 and C of the Project, the
Borrower, through MOH, shall operate and maintain the Project Unit
in accordance with terms satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower, through MOH, shall ensure that the Project
Unit is at all times headed by a qualified professional and assisted
by qualified and adequate staff, satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower, through MOH, shall increase the
number of its personnel working in the BMI Area in accordance with
a program satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.08. Prior to the initiation of the works of any
Subproject under Part C.1 of the Project, the Borrower, through MOH,
shall enter into: (a) a Contrato with the Junta corresponding to the
village where such Subproject will be located.
      (b)   Each Contrato shall be on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including, inter alia, those set
forth in the Water and Sanitation Operational Manual.
      (c)   Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower, through MOH, shall exercise its rights and comply with its
obligations under each Contrato in such manner as to: (i) protect
the interests of the Borrower and the Association; (ii) comply with
its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the purposes
of the Project.
      (d)   Unless the Association shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower, through MOH, shall not change or fail to enforce any such
Page  7
Contrato or any provision thereof.
      (e)   The Borrower shall take all necessary steps to ensure
the expeditious granting of legal personality to each Junta.
      Section 3.09. (a) The Borrower, through MOH, shall not later
than March 31 of each year, starting in March 1994, test the quality
of the water supplied by it to each Junta.
      (b)   If the results of the test referred to in paragraph (a)
above, shows that the quality of the water is deficient for human
consumption, the Borrower shall take all such remedial action,
satisfactory to the Association, as shall be necessary to improve
the quality of such water.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower, through SCES, shall: (a)
coordinate the implementation of the Project in accordance with
performance indicators satisfactory to the Association; and (b)
carry out monthly meetings during the implementation of the Project
with MOH and FAP, starting in March 1993, to carry out its
obligations under (a) hereof.
      Section 3.11. (a) The Borrower, through MOH, shall: (i) carry
out the study described in Part D (c) of the Project, not later than
December 10, 1993; (ii) as part of the first annual review as
referred to in Section 3.16 of this Agreement, jointly review with
the Association the recommendations of such study; and (iii) furnish
to the Association, for its approval by January 31, 1994, an action
plan, for implementing the recommendations of such study.
      (b)   The Borrower, through MOH, shall: (i) commence the
implementation of the action plan referred to in (a) (iii) above,
immediately thereafter as approved by the Association; and (ii)
complete the implementation of such action plan not later than
December 10, 1995.
      Section 3.12. The Borrower, through MOH, shall: (a) not later
than December 10 of each year until the Project has been completed,
starting in December, 1993, furnish to the Association, for its
approval, a program for the procurement of medicines under Part B.5
of the Project for the upcoming calendar year; and (b) carry out
each such program in accordance with the terms thereof.
      Section 3.13. The Borrower, through SCES, shall: (a) not later
than January 31, 1993 hire a qualified financial analyst and quali-
fied and adequate staff necessary to assist it in the preparation of
the financial reports referred to in Section 3.15 (a) (ii) of this
Agreement; and (b) consult with the Association prior to appointing
such analyst and staff.
      Section 3.14. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
3.01 (a), the Borrower shall: (a) provide in its annual budget and
make available promptly as needed, in Lempiras equivalent, as
incremental counterpart funds for Parts A.2 and B.3 (b)(i), B.5 and
B.6 of the Project, each FY, until the completion of the Project,
the following amounts:
Part of the Project           FY          Amount in dollars
I.    A.2                     1993               1,142,000
      A.2                     1994               2,642,000
      A.2                     1995               3,716,000
II.   A.1, B.3(b)(i)          1994                 350,000
        and B.6
      A.1, B.3(b)(i)          1995               1,000,000
        and B.6
III.  B.5                     1994                 590,000
      B.5                     1995               1,790,000
                                                 _________
Page  8
                                    TOTAL       11,230,000; and
(b) within thirty days after the date in which such budget is
approved each FY, furnish to the Association a copy of the approved
budget reflecting the amounts described above.
      Section 3.15. (a) Without limitation to the provisions of
Section 9.06 of the General Conditions and Section 4.01 of this
Agreement, the Borrower, through SCES, shall prepare and furnish to
the Association by not later than March 31 and September 30 of each
year, starting in September 1993: (i) a report, of such scope and
detail satisfactory to the Association, concerning the progress in
the implementation of the Project in accordance with the performance
indicators referred to in Section 3.10 of this Agreement; and (ii)
a financial report of such scope and detail satisfactory to the
Association, showing: (A) a comparison between the funds committed
by the Borrower and FAP for the carrying out of the Project during
the semester preceding the date of presentation of such report and
the funds used by the Borrower and FAP in carrying out the Project
during such period of time; and (B) the funds used on recurrent
costs under the Project during the semester preceding the date of
presentation of such report.
      (b)   The Borrower, through SCES, shall prepare and furnish to
the Association by not later than March 31 and September 30 of each
year, starting in September 1993, a financing plan for the
implementation of the Project satisfactory to the Association, such
plan to be implemented during the semester following the date of
presentation of the report referred to in paragraph (a) (ii) hereof.
      Section 3.16. The Borrower shall and shall cause FAP to
participate in annual reviews of Project implementation to be held
in conjunction with the Association not later than December 10 of
each year during Project implementation, beginning in 1993. Such
reviews shall, inter alia, focus on discussing the topics referred
to in the Implementation Letter with regard to annual reviews. As
part of each such review, the Association may require that the
Borrower prepare an action plan, satisfactory to the Association, to
make adjustments in Project implementation. The Borrower, shall
furnish such action plan to the Association not later than January
31 of the following year, and shall thereafter carry out, or cause
to be carried out, such action plan in accordance with its terms.
      Section 3.17. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
3.01 (a) of this Agreement, the Borrower, through MOH, shall carry
out Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project with the assistance of SIF, in
accordance with the SIF Agreement.
      Section 3.18. (a) The Borrower shall make its best efforts to
obtain by September 30, 1993 loans or grants in an aggregate amount
equivalent to $3,500,000 to assist FAP in the financing of Part A.2
of the Project.
      (b)   In the event that the Borrower is not able to obtain the
financing referred to in paragraph (a) above by September 30, 1993,
the Borrower shall provide in its 1995 annual budget, in addition to
the corresponding amount set forth in Section 3.14 of this
Agreement, an amount equivalent to $3,500,000, in Lempiras, as
incremental counterpart funds for Part A.2 of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) maintain or cause to
be maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices,
the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of Parts A.1,
A.4, B, C and D of the Project; and (ii) cause FAP to maintain
records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with
consistently maintained sound accounting practices, the operations,
resources and expenditures in respect of Parts A.2 and A.3 of the
Page  9
Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall and shall cause FAP to:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account and FAP's financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) a certified copy
                  of the report of such audits by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and (B)
                  certified copies of FAP's financial statements
                  for such year as so audited; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts, financial
                  statements and the audits thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall and shall cause FAP to:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audits contain a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower, through MOH, shall not later than
March 31 of each year, starting in March 1994, review the accounts
and other financial records and statements of each Junta, such
review to be of such scope and in such detail as the Association
shall reasonably request.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower, through MOH, shall take or cause
each Junta to take, all necessary steps to set the tariffs to be
charged by each Junta to the users of the water supply and
sanitation systems constructed under a Subproject, at levels
sufficient to cover the operation and maintenance costs of such
systems.
      Section 4.04. Without limitation to the provisions of Section
Page  10
4.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall cause FAP to: (a) have
its records and accounts from July 1, 1991 through December 31, 1992
audited by independent auditors acceptable to the Association not
later than March 31, 1993; (b) have its records and accounts audited
by independent auditors acceptable to the Association, every quarter
during the execution of the Project; and (c) furnish to the
Association: (i) not later than June 30, 1993, a certified copy of
the report of the audit referred to in (a) above of such scope and
in such detail as the Association shall have reasonably requested;
and (ii) not later than three months after the end of each quarter,
a certified copy of the report of each audit referred to in (b)
above of such scope and in such detail as the Association shall have
reasonably requested.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause FAP:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provisions satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice; and
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, managerial, public
health and technical practices under the supervision of qualified
and experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers, all acceptable to the Association.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Decree No. 127-91 or Decree No. 135-92 or any provision
thereof shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or
waived so as to affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of
the Association, the ability of FAP to: (i) carry out Parts A.2 and
A.3 of the Project; or (ii) perform any of its obligations under the
FAP Subsidiary Agreement;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that FAP will be able to perform its obligations under
the FAP Subsidiary Agreement;
      (c)   Presidential Decree No. 1071-A or any provision thereof
shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so
as to affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of the
Association, the ability of the Borrower, to carry out Parts A.4 and
D.2 of the Project;
      (d)   SCES' Regulations or any provision thereof shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association,
the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement;
      (e)   FAP's Regulations or any provision thereof shall have
been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association,
the ability of FAP to: (i) carry out Parts A.2 and A.3 of the
Project; or (ii) to perform any of its obligations under the FAP
Subsidiary Agreement;
      (f)   the Borrower or any authority having jurisdiction shall
have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment of
FAP, or for the suspension of its operations;
Page  11
      (g)   (i)   Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                        proceeds of any grant or loan made to the
                        Borrower for the financing of the Project
                        shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                        terminated in whole or in part, pursuant to
                        the terms of the agreement providing
                        therefor; or
                  (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                        payable prior to the agreed maturity
                        thereof.
            (ii)  Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                  satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                  suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                  Project are available to the Borrower from other
                  sources on terms and conditions consistent with
                  the obligations of the Borrower under this
                  Agreement;
      (h)   the FAP Operational Manual shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the ability of FAP
to carry out Part A.2 of the Project;
      (i)   the Water Supply and Sanitation Operational Manual shall
have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to
affect materially and adversely, in the opinion of the Association,
the ability of the Borrower to carry out Part C.1 of the Project;
      (j)   the SIF Agreement or any provision thereof shall have
been amended, suspended or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the ability of the
Borrower to carry out Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project; and
      (k)   SIF shall have failed to comply with any of its
obligations under the SIF Agreement.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (c) or (d) or
(e) or (h) or (i) or (j) or (k) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement
shall occur and shall continue for a period of thirty days after
notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower;
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (f) of Section 6.01 of
this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   any event specified in paragraph (g) (i) (B) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (g) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   that the FAP Subsidiary Agreement has been entered into
between the Borrower and FAP;
Page  12
      (b)   that the FAP Operational Manual has been approved by FAP
in terms satisfactory to the Association;
      (c)   that the Water Supply and Sanitation Operational Manual
has been approved by the Borrower in terms satisfactory to the
Association;
      (d)   that the Additional Funding Agreements have been signed;
and
      (e)   that the SIF Agreement has been entered into between the
Borrower and SIF in terms acceptable to the Association.
      Section 7.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the FAP Subsidiary Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by, and is legally binding upon the Borrower
and FAP in accordance with its terms;
      (b)   that the FAP's Operational Manual has been validly
adopted by FAP and is in full force and effect; and
      (c)   that the Water Supply and Sanitation Operational Manual
has been validly adopted by the Borrower and is in full force and
effect.
      Section 7.03. The date June 9, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Articles
III, IV and V of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the
date on which this Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty
years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the
earlier.
                           ARTICLE VIII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Secretario de Estado en el Despacho de
Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
     Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretaria de Estado en el Despacho
              de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  HACIENDA                  1308
                  Tegucigalpa               HACIENDA HO
                  Honduras
      With copies to:
      (with respect to Parts A.2 and A.3 of the Project):
            Programa de Asignacion Familiar
            Apartado Postal No. 3216
            Edificio Hondelec, 2a piso
                                          Telex:
Page  13
                                            1308 HACIENDA HO
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                        By /s/ Rene Arturo Bendana
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Food supplements under     4,270,000        34% until an
    Part A.2                                    aggregate amount
    of the Project                              equivalent to
                                                SDR 2,130,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; then
                                                20% until an
                                                aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                SDR 3,550,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; and
                                                9% thereafter
                              Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
Page  14
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(2) Medicines                  3,050,000        100% until an
    under Part B.5                              aggregate amount
    of the Project                              equivalent to
                                                SDR 1,420,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; then
                                                75% until an
                                                aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                SDR 2,560,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; and
                                                30% thereafter
(3) Works under               2,840,000         100%
    Parts B.1, B.2
    and C.1 of the
    Project
(4) Goods:
    (a)  under Part A.3          200,000        100%
         of the Project
    (b)  under Parts A.1,      1,500,000        100%
         B.1, B.2, B.3
         B.4 and C.1 of
         the Project
    (c)  under Part D.2           30,000        100%
         of the Project
                              Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5) Consultants' services    and training:
 
    (a)  under Part A.3          380,000        100%
         of the Project
    (b)  under Parts A.1,      2,140,000        100%
         B.3, C.2 and D.1
         of the Project
    (c)  under Parts A.4         290,000        100%
         and D.2 of the
         Project
(6) Salaries and operational   1,140,000        100% of local
    expenditures under                          expenditures
    Parts A.1 (b) and B.3 (b)                   until an
    of the Project                              aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                SDR 500,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
                                                Account; then
                                                75% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                until an aggre-
                                                gate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                SDR 930,000
                                                has been disbursed
                                                from the Credit
Page  15
                                                Account; and
                                                30% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                thereafter
(7) Unallocated                1,960,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                17,800,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "local
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or
for goods or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) payments made
for expenditures under Part B.3 (d) of the Project, unless the
Borrower shall have furnished to the Association: (i) the program
referred to in such part of the Project; and (ii) a financing plan
satisfactory to the Association for the implementation of such
program; and (c) payments made for expenditures under Category (2)
of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, unless the
Borrower, through MOH, shall have entered into an agreement with
UNICEF or another United Nations' agency acceptable to the
Association, in terms and conditions acceptable to the Association,
for purposes of carrying out Part B.5 of the Project.
                             SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) protect groups
vulnerable to the Borrower's economic adjustment process by
providing nutrition assistance to children and pregnant and nursing
women among the poorest segments of the population to improve their
nutrition status; (b) support the development and implementation of
a long-term nutrition strategy in the Borrower's territory; (c)
reduce maternal, child and infant mortality and morbidity rates by:
(i) improving the access of such population to basic health services
and safe water supply and sanitation; (ii) improving the quality of
services provided by the MOH to such population; (iii) supporting
health, nutrition and family planning education activities in
respect of such population; and (iv) monitoring and controlling the
spread of AIDS; and (d) strengthen the institutional capacity of:
(i) MOH's sector planning and procurement procedures for medicines;
(ii) FAP's program administration; and (iii) the Borrower, in
monitoring and evaluating the Project.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Nutrition Assistance
1.    Technical assistance to MOH (including the acquisition of
goods therefor) in: (a) preparing and implementing a long-term
nutrition policy in the Borrower's territory which will include,
inter alia, an evaluation of the impact of FAP's food coupon program
and its administrative capacity to manage its activities; (b)
training its health staff (including the provision of salaries
required therefor) and community workers in breast feeding, weaning
and early childhood practices to benefit about 128,000 pregnant
women, including mothers of children under the age of two in the
Project Area; (c) supervising and evaluating the teaching of breast
feeding, weaning and early childhood practices referred to in (b)
above; and (d) carrying out a study of HIV's (Human Immunodeficiency
Syndrome) transmission through breast feeding.
2.    Provision of food supplements to about 255,000 pregnant and
nursing women, children under five and primary school children
living in the BMI and BMJF Areas, to be selected amongst the poorest
Page  16
segments of the population.
3.    Provision of technical assistance to FAP (including the
training of its staff and the acquisition of goods required
therefor) in: (a) strengthening its institutional capacity,
including FAP's financial controls, through the provision of
external auditing services; and (b) improving the quality and
operational efficiency of the food coupon program.
4.    Provision of technical assistance to the Borrower, through
SCES, in carrying out annual censuses on anthropometric measurement
of first graders in public schools (ages 6 through 9) in its
territory.
Part B:     Strengthening Basic Health Services
1.    Rehabilitation of about 130 primary health care centers in the
BMI Area and acquisition of equipment therefor.
2.    Construction of about 30 primary health care centers in the
BMI Area and acquisition of equipment therefor.
3.    Provision of technical assistance to MOH in: (a) carrying out
a feasibility study for a radio communication network in the BMI
Area, including the acquisition of goods to implement the results of
such study; (b) strengthening its capacity to administer and
supervise basic health services in the BMI Area through: (i) the
hiring of about 28 physicians, 63 professional nurses, 168 auxiliary
nurses, 6 laboratory technicians, 6 teachers of auxiliary nursing
schools and 40 health promoters; (ii) the training of all the staff
engaged in the provision of basic health services in such area; and
(iii) the hiring of consultants for MOH's Project Unit; (c) carrying
out a study to determine the factors constraining the private
marketing of generic medicines in the Borrower's territory; (d)
preparing and implementing a medium term AIDS control program for
FYs 1993 through 1995, including the acquisition of goods required
therefor; and (e) improving its procurement procedures for
medicines.
4.    Acquisition of vehicles to assist MOH's personnel in the
administration and supervision of the primary health care centers in
the BMI Area.
5.    Acquisition of medicines for the primary health care services
network in the Borrower's territory.
6.    Establishment of a maintenance fund in MOH for purposes of
routine maintenance of its buildings, equipment and vehicles in the
BMI Area.
Part C:     Water Supply and Sanitation
1.    Subprojects for the construction of water supply systems and
sanitation facilities to benefit about 60,000 inhabitants in the
rural areas of the Borrower's Departments of Choluteca, Valle,
Intibuca and Lempira, including the acquisition of goods for the
maintenance of such systems and facilities.
2.    Provision of technical assistance to MOH in: (a) carrying out
a study of current waste disposal conditions in the primary health
care centers in the Project Area; (b) preparing a training manual
for its primary health care staff on appropriate medical and waste
disposal practices; and (c) designing and implementing a training
program for its auxiliary nurses, laboratory technicians and waste
collection and disposal staff.
Part D:     Institutional Strengthening of the Borrower
1.    Provision of technical assistance to MOH in: (a) carrying out
studies on mother and child health care and nutrition programs
relating to the objectives of the Project; (b) strengthening the
Borrower's financial controls, including the provision of external
Page  17
auditing services; and (c) assessing its cost recovery program for
the health sector, such assessment to focus, inter alia on: (i) the
incentives for increasing its cost recovery program; (ii) the
development of equitable and affordable recovery schedules; and
(iii) the assistance to the MOH for expanding its cost recovery
program.
2.    Provision of technical assistance to the Borrower, through
SCES, in coordinating the implementation of the Project, including
the acquisition of goods required therefor.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by September 30, 1996.
                             SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods other than
medicines shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
addition of the following text at the end of paragraph 2.13 of the
Guidelines: "Bidding documents for fixed-price contracts should
provide that, when the contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, the bid price will be increased by two standard
correction factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied
to all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such correction factor should
not be taken into account in bid evaluation.".
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods other than
medicines, shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Regional Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, a margin of preference may be granted
to bids offering goods described in the accompanying specifications
which are manufactured to a substantial extent in any country,
including Honduras, which is a party to the Mercado Comun
Centroamericano, the common market created by the General Treaty of
Central American Economic Integration signed at Managua, Nicaragua
on December 13, 1960 by Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua
and Costa Rica (hereinafter called the CACM), in accordance with,
and subject to, the following provisions:
1.    For the purposes of Part B of this Schedule, the following
definitions shall apply:
      (a)   (i)    the term "Qualified CACM Bid" means a bid
                   submitted by a manufacturer established in the
                   territories of member countries, including
                   Honduras, of the CACM, for goods manufactured or
                   processed in such territories and for which the
                   bidder shall have established to the
                   satisfaction of the entity or agency inviting
                   bids that the manufacturing or processing cost
                   of such goods include a value added in such
                   territories equal to at least 20% of the ex-
                   factory bid price of such goods;
            (ii)   the term "Non-Qualified CACM Bid" means a bid
                   submitted by a manufacturer established in the
                   territories of member countries, including
Page  18
                   Honduras, of the CACM, for goods manufactured or
                   processed in such territories, other than any
                   such bid classified as a Qualified CACM Bid; and
            (iii)  the term "Foreign Bid" means any bid which is
                   neither a Qualified CACM Bid nor a Non-Qualified
                   CACM Bid.
2.    All bidding documents for the procurement of goods shall
clearly indicate any preference which would be granted and shall set
forth the information required to establish the eligibility of a bid
for such preference.
3.    Bidders are required to state in their bid the c.i.f. (port of
entry) price of imported goods and the ex-factory price of locally
manufactured goods.
4.    Except to the extent hereinafter provided, bids will be
compared on the basis of their ex-factory or c.i.f. (port of entry)
price adjusted in accordance with paragraphs 2.49 through 2.54 of
the Guidelines.
5.    After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in one of
the following groups: Qualified CACM Bids, Non-Qualified CACM Bids
or Foreign Bids.
6.    All bids in each group will be first compared among
themselves, to determine the lowest evaluated bid in each such
group. The lowest evaluated bids of each group will then be compared
with each other and if, as a result of this comparison, an evaluated
Qualified CACM Bid or Non-Qualified CACM Bid is the lowest it will
be selected for purpose of award.
7.    If the lowest bid in the comparison under paragraph 6 above is
a Foreign Bid, all Foreign Bids will be further compared with the
lowest evaluated Qualified CACM Bid as determined under paragraph 6
above. For the purposes of this comparison only, each Foreign Bid
will be compared on the basis of the sum of its c.i.f. (port of
entry) price adjusted in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
4 above, plus an amount equal to the smaller of: (i) the difference
between the amount of customs duties and other import taxes which a
non-exempt importer would have to pay for the importation of goods
offered in such Foreign Bid and that applicable to a Qualified CACM
Bid; or (ii) 15% of the c.i.f. bid price of such goods. If the
Qualified CACM Bid is the lowest evaluated bid in such comparison,
it shall be selected for the purpose of award; otherwise, the lowest
evaluated Foreign Bid as determined under paragraph 6 above shall be
so selected.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods other than medicines estimated to cost the equivalent of
$25,000 but less than $100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $2,000,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 but not more
than $100,000 per contract may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Goods other than medicines estimated to cost the equivalent of
less than $25,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
4.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than $50,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,000,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
Page  19
of price quotations obtained from at least three contractors
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association, provided, however, that works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $35,000 or less and up to an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of $870,000, may be
procured through direct contracting, in accordance with paragraph
3.5 (f) of the Guidelines.
5.    Medicines shall be procured directly from UNICEF or another
United Nation's agency acceptable to the Association, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract to be awarded
pursuant to the provisions of Part A.1 of this Section; (ii) the
first two contracts to be awarded pursuant to the provisions of
Parts C.1 and C.2 of this Section; and (iii) the agreement referred
to in paragraph 3 (c) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Standard Bidding Documents
      All procurement of goods and works to which international or
local competitive bidding applies shall be carried out using
standard bidding documents acceptable to the Association.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist: (a) the Borrower in carrying out Parts
A.1, A.4, B, C and D of the Project; and (b) FAP in carrying out
Parts A.2 and A.3 of the Project, the Borrower shall employ and
cause FAP to employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultants Guidelines).
Section III. Special Provisions
A.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Guidelines, the following principles
Page  20
of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of goods and
works referred to in Parts C.1 and C.2 of Section I of this
Schedule:
1.    Contracts shall be awarded to the lowest evaluated bid in
accordance with criteria set forth in the bidding documents, and
without taking into account, in the evaluation, the financial cost
of foreign exchange components.
2.    Foreign bidders shall not, as a condition for submitting bids,
be required to: (a) be registered in Honduras; (b) have a
representative in Honduras; (c) be associated with Honduran
suppliers or contractors; (d) certify that, in their country of
origin, Honduran suppliers or contractors are allowed to participate
in competitive bidding procedures under equal conditions with other
bidders.
3.    Contracts shall not be divided for the sole purpose of
reducing contract amounts.
B.    In addition and without limitation to any other provisions set
forth in this Schedule or the Consultants Guidelines, the following
principles of procurement shall expressly govern all procurement of
consultants' services referred to in Section II of this Schedule:
1.    Foreign consultants shall be permitted to participate in the
selection process even if there is availability of Honduran
consultants for the services being procured.
2.    Foreign consultants shall not be required to be registered
with Honduran associations or to be associated with Honduran
consulting firms as a condition for participating in any selection
process.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
Page  21
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
Page  22
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
