Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3107 PAK
                    Loan Agreement
              (Second Energy Sector Loan)
                        between
             ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                Dated December 8, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3107 PAK
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 8, 1989, between ISLAMIC
REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN acting by its  President (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS  (A)  the Bank has received a letter dated
June 4, 1989 from the Borrower describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve
structural adjustment of the Borrower's energy sector
(hereinafter called the Adjustment Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the
Adjustment Program, and requesting assistance from the
Bank in the financing of urgently needed imports and
services required during such execution;
     (B)  the Bank has also received a letter dated June
4, 1989 from the Borrower describing a core program of
investments in energy-related activities for the fiscal
years 1989 through 1991 (hereinafter called the
Investment Program) and the related financing plan,
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of
the Investment Program, and requesting assistance from
the Bank in the financing of goods and services required
for the Investment Program;
     (C)  the Investment Program will be carried out by
certain public sector agencies and enterprises with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance,
the Borrower will make available to such public sector
agencies and enterprises a portion of the proceeds of the
Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     (D)  on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Page  2
Bank has decided in support of the Programs to provide
such assistance to the Borrower by making the Loan in two
tranches as hereinafter provided;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
     (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 11, shall be modified
to read:
               "'Project' means the imports and other
          activities that may be financed out o\1a the
          proceeds of the Loan pursuant to the
          provisions of Schedule 1 to the Loan
          Agreement.";
     (b)  Section 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
               "(c)  Not later than six months after the
          Closing Date or such later date as may be
          agreed for this purpose between the Borrower
          and the Bank, the Borrower shall prepare and
          furnish to the Bank a report, of such scope
          and in such detail as the Bank shall
          reasonably request, on the execution of the
          programs referred to in the Preamble to the
          Loan Agreement, the performance by the
          Borrower and the Bank of their respective
          obligations under the Loan Agreement and the
          accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan.";
          and
     (c)  The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "WAPDA" means the Water and Power Development
Authority of Pakistan, established and existing under the
Pakistan Water and Power Development Authority Act, 1958,
as amended;
     (b)  "KESC" means the Karachi Electricity Supply
Corporation Limited, established under the Companies
Ordinance, 1984, as amended;
     (c)  "OGDC" means the Oil and Gas Development
Corporation established and existing under the Oil and
Gas Development Corporation Ordinance, 1961, as amended;
     (d)  "SNGPL" means the Sui Northern Gas Pipelines
Limited, established under the Companies Ordinance, 1984,
as amended;
     (e)  "SSGC" means the Sui Southern Gas Company
Limited, established under the Companies Ordinance, 1984,
as amended;
Page  3
     (f)  "PMDC" means the Pakistan Mineral Development
Corporation Limited, established under the Companies
Ordinance, 1984, as amended;
     (g)  "Energy Sector Entities" mean collectively
WAPDA, KESC, OGDC, SNGPL, SSGC and PMDC, and "Energy
Sector Entity" means each or any of the Energy Sector
Entities;
     (h)  "MWP" means the Borrower's Ministry of Water
and Power;
     (i)  "MPNR" means the Borrower's Ministry of
Petroleum and Natural Resources;
     (j)  "EWPD" means the Energy Wing of the Borrower's
Ministry of Planning and Development;
     (k)  "ENERCON" means the National Energy
Conservation Centre, established under the Borrower's
Ministry of Planning and Development;
     (1)  "DOFMAC" means the Forestry Division of the
Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives;
     (m)  "EUAD" means the Environment and Urban Affairs
Division of the Borrower's Ministry of Housing and Works;
     (n)  "Public Sector Agencies and Enterprises" mean
collectively the agencies and enterprises referred to in
paragraphs (a) through (f) and (h) through (m) of this
Section;
     (o)  "Program Agreement" means the agreement among
the Bank and the Energy Sector Entities of even date
herewith, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Program Agreement;
     (p)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means collectively
the agreements to be entered into between the Borrower
and each of the Energy Sector Entities pursuant to
Section 3.02 (a) (ii) of this Agreement, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreements, and
"Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means each and any of the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements;
     (q)  "SBP" means the State Bank of Pakistan, being
the central bank of the Borrower;
     (r)  "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by
the United Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No.
34/Rev.3 (1986);
     (s)  "Rs" and "rupees" mean the currency of the
Borrower;
     (t)  "Special Accounts" mean collectively the
accounts referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this
Agreement and more fully defined in paragraphs (u)
through (bb) of this Section, and "Special Account" means
each and any of the Special Accounts;
     (u)  "Adjustment Program Special Account" means the
Special Account which the Borrower shall open and
maintain for the purposes of the Adjustment Program
pursuant to Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (v)  "Borrower's Investment Program Special Account"
means the Special Account which the Borrower shall open
Page  4
and maintain for the purposes of the Investment Program
pursuant to Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (w)  "WAPDA Special Account" means the Special
Account which WAPDA shall open and maintain for the
purposes of the Investment Program pursuant to Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the
Program Agreement;
     (x)  "KESC Special Account" means the Special
Account which KESC shall open and maintain for the
purposes of the Investment Program pursuant to Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the
Program Agreement;
     (y)  "OGDC Special Account" means the Special
Account which OGDC shall open and maintain for the
purposes of the Investment Program pursuant to Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the
Program Agreement;
     (z)  "SSGC Special Account" means the Special
Account which SSGC shall open and maintain for the
purposes of the Investment Program pursuant to Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the
Program Agreement;
     (aa) "SNGPL Special Account" means the Special
Account which SNGPL shall open and maintain for the
purposes of the Investment Program pursuant to Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the
Program Agreement;
     (bb) "PMDC Special Account" means the Special
Account which PMDC shall open and maintain for the
purposes of the Investment Program pursuant to Section
2.02 (b) of this Agreement and Section 2.01 (b) of the
Program Agreement; and
     (cc) "FY" or "fiscal year" means the period July 1
through June 30.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, various currencies
that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to the
amount of two hundred fifty million dollars
($250,000,000), being the sum of withdrawals of the
proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued by the
Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Programs, open and maintain, and shall cause the Energy
Sector Entities to open and maintain, in dollars special
accounts in the National Bank of Pakistan on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be December
31, 1991 or such later date as the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
Page  5
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a) The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     "Semester" means the first six
                    months or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
principal amount of the Loan in accordance with the
amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.08.  (a) SBP is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking
any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions in respect of the Adjustment
Program.
     (b)  Without limitation or restriction to the
foregoing, the Borrower hereby entrusts SBP with
responsibility for the preparation of withdrawal
applications under the Loan in respect of the Adjustment
Program and for the collection of the documents and other
evidence to be furnished to the Bank in support of such
applications; such withdrawal applications shall to the
extent practicable be consolidated so as to apply for
withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
$5,000,000 equivalent.
     Section 2.09.  The Chief Executive Officers of the
Energy Sector Entities are designated as representatives
of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions in respect of the parts of the
Investment Program for which the Energy Sector Entities
are respectively responsible.
Page  6
                      ARTICLE III
                 Particular Covenants
     Section 3.01.  (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall
from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Programs and the actions specified in Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
     (b)  Prior to each such exchange of views, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank for its review and
comment a report on the progress achieved in carrying out
the Programs, in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably
request.
     Section 3.02.  (a)  For the purposes of carrying out
the Investment Program, the Borrower shall make available
the portion of the Loan allocated to the Investment
Program as follows:
     (i)  in an amount equivalent to about $2,500,000 in
          the aggregate to MWP, MPNR, EWPD, ENERCON,
          DOFMAC, and EUAD, on a grant basis; and
     (ii) in an amount equivalent to about $57,500,000
          to WAPDA, in an amount equivalent to about
          $17,500,000 to KESC,  in an amount equivalent
          to about $27,500,000 to OGDC,  in an amount
          equivalent to about $14,500,000 to SNGPL, in
          an amount equivalent to about $5,000,000 to
          SSGC,  and in an amount equivalent to about
          $500,000 to PMDC,  all under subsidiary loan
          agreements to be entered into between the
          Borrower and each of the Energy Sector
          Entities, under the terms and conditions which
          shall have been approved by the Bank and which
          shall include:
          (aa) payment of interest, in respect of WAPDA,
               at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per
               annum, and, in respect of the other
               Energy Sector Entities, at the rate of
               fourteen percent (14%) per annum;
          (bb) repayment of the principal amount which
               shall be  the aggregate equivalent of the
               amounts withdrawn from the Loan Account
               expressed in rupees determined as of the
               respective dates of withdrawal; and
          (cc) repayment of the principal amount over a
               period of 20 years, including a grace
               period of 5 years.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements or any provisions thereof.
     Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree:
     (a)  procurement of the goods and consultants'
services to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Page  7
Agreement; and
     (b)  the invitations to bid for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of not less than $40,000,000 in the
aggregate and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be issued not later than December 31, 1989.
     Section 3.04. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating
to insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports and maintenance
respectively) in respect of the Investment Program shall
be carried out by the Energy Sector Entities to the
extent that they are responsible for the Investment
Program pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Program
Agreement.
     Section 3.05. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall:
     (a)  not later than March 31, 1991, complete a
review of: (i) the arrangements for the granting of coal
concessions, including an examination of the contents of
concession agreements, with a view to ensuring
consistency of such arrangements with similar
arrangements for the granting of oil and gas concessions;
and (ii) the fiscal incentive framework for investments
in coal development, with a view to identifying
improvements needed to attract such investments by the
private sector;
     (b)  not later than September 30, 1991, complete a
forestry inventory of the country, and, on the basis
thereof, formulate a long-term reforestation program;
     (c)  not later than March 31, 1991, complete a study
to assess the impact of higher gas prices on the
ex-factory prices of fertilizers, and to identify
possible investments in retroffiting and changes in
technology needed to improve the efficiency of gas
utilization;
     (d)  not later than March 31, 1991, complete a study
to: (i) assess the potential for peak shaving of gas
consumption; and (ii) formulate a tariff structure for
gas such as would promote such peak shaving and prepare
a time schedule, satisfactory to the Bank, for the
implementation thereof;
     (e)  not later than March 31, 1991, develop and
install in MPNR an oil refinery simulation model to
assist in assessing the impact of alternative pricing
proposals on the optimum mix of refined petroleum
products, and, for this purpose, not later than March 31,
1990, appoint in MPNR two additional staff members with
suitable qualifications and experience; and
     (f)  not later than March 31, 1991, complete a study
to eliminate the constraints to energy conservation in
industry arising from existing tax, industrial and trade
legislation and, on the basis thereof, not later than
June 30, 1991, establish an incentive framework
satisfactory to the Bank to promote such energy
conservation.
     Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with consistently maintained sound
accounting practices the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan for the Adjustment Program and for
the goods and services provided under the Investment
Page  8
Program for which the Borrower is responsible.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
               including those for the Adjustment
               Program Special Account and the
               Borrower's Investment Program Special
               Accounts for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records
               and accounts and the audit thereof
               as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Bank has received the audit report for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Loan Account was
               made, all records (contracts,  orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audits referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
     Section 3.07. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall,
not later than May 31 in each year, beginning 1990, and
at any time at the request of either party, review
progress achieved in carrying out the Investment Program
and the related financing plan and the measures proposed
to be taken to continue to implement the Investment
Program.
     (b)  Prior to each such review, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank for its review and comment a report
on the progress achieved in carrying out the said
Page  9
Investment Program and financing plan, in such detail as
the Bank shall reasonably request.
     Section 3.08. The Borrower shall, not later than May
31 in each year beginning 1990, review with the Bank the
progress made in processing proposals received for
private sector investments in the energy sector, and
identify the measures, if any, proposed to facilitate and
expedite such processing.
     Section 3.O9. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall in a manner satisfactory to the
Bank:
     (a) not later than December 31, 1991, formulate a
household energy strategy, together with an action plan
for its implementation; and
     (b)  to that end, not later than June 30, 1991,
develop data base on the supply and demand of household
energy.
     Section 3.10. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall take measures satisfactory to
the Bank to commence, not later than July 1, 1990, the
rationalization of the electricity tariff structure,
including, but not limited to, the introduction of
peak/off-peak pricing of electricity for the three
hundred largest industrial and other bulk consumers.
     Section 3.11. The Borrower shall, in respect of
WAPDA's local cost requirements under its Investment
Program for the period FY90 through FY93:
     (a)  cause WAPDA to finance such requirements from
the funds produced by WAPDA from its internal sources
pursuant to Section 4.02 of the Program Agreement or
borrowed by WAPDA; and
     (b)  in the event of a short-fall or expected
short-fall in such funds in any given fiscal year, cause
WAPDA to make up the short-fall through an appropriate
levy to be charged by WAPDA on its sales of electricity;
provided, however, that, without limitation to the
provisions of Section 4.02 of the Program Agreement, such
levy shall not result in an increase of more than 15% in
the electricity tariff for FY90 nor in an average annual
increase of more than 10%  in the electricity tariff over
the period FY89 through FY93, based on an assumed annual
inflation rate of 8% over the same period.
     Section 3.12. The Borrower shall, not later than
January 31, 1990, revise, to the satisfaction of the
Bank, the gas producer pricing formula applicable to new
gas concessions in offshore areas granted after July l,
1989, so as to ensure full parity with the border price
of fuel oil, less negotiated discounts for geological and
market conditions.
     Section 3.13. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall:
     (a) beginning FY91, annually increase the price of
gas supplied to households so as to achieve full parity
with the border price of fuel oil by June 30, 1993;
     (b) effective July 1, 1989, introduce a development
surcharge on the sale of gas supplied by producers
directly to the power sub- sector, and thereafter
annually increase such development surcharge so that, by
June 30, 1995, the price of such gas, including such
development surcharge, has achieved full parity with the
Page  10
domestic price of fuel oil, less discounts for the gas
transmission investments made by the power subsector; and
     (c) continue to maintain the price of gas supplied
as fuel by the gas transmission and distribution
companies to the industrial, commercial and power
subsectors at least at full parity with the domestic
price of fuel oil.
     Section 3.14. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, not later than December 31,
1989, furnish to the Bank an action plan satisfactory to
the Bank for the appraisal and development of the oil and
gas fields at Loti, Pirkoh, Nandpur, Dhodak, Dakhni, Uch
and Panjpir.
     Section 3.15. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, not later than May 31 in each
year, review with the Bank the progress made in
designating separate areas for oil and gas exploration by
OGDC and by private sector investors, respectively.
     Section 3.16. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall:
     (a) not later than December 31 in each of the years
1989 and 1990, review with the Bank the results of the
application of the ex-refinery pricing formula for
petroleum products introduced in 1988 for the Pakistan
Refinery Limited and the National Refinery Limited; and
     (b) not later than September 30, 1991, revise, as
necessary, on the basis of such reviews, the ex-refinery
pricing formula for petroleum products for the Pakistan
Refinery Limited, the National Refinery Limited and the
Attock Refinery Limited.
     Section 3.17. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, on each occasion there is an
increase, in rupee terms, in the import price of crude
oil beginning FY90, promptly adjust the domestic prices
of petroleum products so as to recover from consumers the
difference between the import price of crude oil
obtaining after such increase and the import price of
crude oil obtaining at the time of the last preceding
adjustment of the domestic prices of petroleum products.
     Section 3.18. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, not later than December 31,
1989, prepare and furnish to the Bank, for comments, an
action plan for:
     (a) undertaking feasibility and detailed engineering
studies for retrofitting and other energy conservation
projects for about twenty of the largest industrial
energy-consuming plants in the public sector;
     (b) financing retrofitting and other energy
conservation projects and related studies for about
twenty of the largest energy-consuming plants in the
private sector; and
     (c) formulating proposals for energy conservation
investments in the agricultural, industrial,
transportation and construction sectors.
     Section 3.19. The Borrower shall: (a) not later than
December 31, 1989, furnish to the Bank, for its comments,
an action plan for the establishment of an operationally
independent power distribution wing within WAPDA; and (b)
ensure the establishment of such power distribution wing
under arrangements satisfactory to the Bank, not later
Page  11
than December 31, 1991.
     Section 3.20. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, not later than March 31, 1991,
prepare and furnish to the Bank an organizational and
financial restructuring plan, satisfactory to the Bank,
for KESC.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall, not later than December 31, 1989,
establish an inter- ministerial committee to oversee the
preparation of the organizational and financial
restructuring plan for KESC referred to in paragraph (a)
of this Section.
     Section 3.21. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, not later than January 31,
l99O, commence the implementation of a financial
restructuring plan for OGDC, satisfactory to the Bank,
providing, inter alia, for:
          (i)  the restructuring of OGDC's balance sheet
               by reconciling the book value of its
               current and fixed assets with the results
               of a physical inventory and valuation of
               such assets; and
          (ii) the estimating of OGDC's oil and gas
               reserves in order to provide a basis for
               determining the current value of OGDC's
               deferred exploration and development
               expenditures and revising the
               amortization rates of deferred costs of
               OGDC's successful oil and gas
               explorations.
     (b)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall, with effect from July l, 1989, make funds
available to OGDC on a loan basis only and on the terms
and conditions set forth in respect of OGDC in Section
3.02 (a) of this Agreement.
     (c)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree and
subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this
Section, the Borrower shall make available from its own
resources the funds needed by OGDC for the purposes of
OGDC's Investment Program during FY90.
     (d)  Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall take all steps necessary to ensure that
internationally reputable independent auditors acceptable
to the Bank will be appointed, not later than March 31,
1990, to carry out an audit, in accordance with
international accounting standards and auditing
principles, of OGDC's financial operations for each of
the fiscal years 1990 and 1991.
     Section 3.22. The Borrower shall, not later than
March 31, 1990, promulgate rules, satisfactory to the
Bank, providing, inter alia, for the matters referred to
in Section 29 of the Oil and Gas Development Corporation
Ordinance, 1961, as amended to the date of this
Agreement.
     Section 3.23. The Borrower shall, not later than
December 31, 1989, furnish to the Bank an action plan,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the development of the
central block of the Lakhra coal field, including
possible proposals for participation by private sector
investors in such development.
     Section 3.24. The Borrower shall, not later than
Page  12
December 31, 1989, prepare and furnish to the Bank a
strategy, satisfactory to the Bank, for the privatization
of SSGC.
     Section 3.25. The Borrower shall:
     (a) not later than December 31, 1989, review with
the Bank the recommendations of the study on the
promotion of accelerated coal development carried out
under the Bank-financed Energy Sector Loan (Loan No. 2552
PAK); and
     (b) not later than March 31, l99O and taking into
account such recommendations, prepare and furnish to the
Bank an action plan mutually satisfactory to the Borrower
and the Bank for the restructuring of the institutions
responsible for the exploration, development and
production of coal.
     Section 3.26. The Borrower shall, in respect of
private sector energy development projects, adopt and
announce not later than December 31, 1989, a policy,
satisfactory to the Bank, regulating the modes and
sources of local cost financing available for such
projects.
     Section 3.27. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall, not later than March 31, 1990,
prepare and furnish to the Bank an Environmental Action
Plan (EAP), satisfactory to the Bank, for the energy
sector providing, inter alia, for:
     (a) the adoption, by December 31, 1991, of
environmental standards for protection against air and
water pollution;
     (b) the adoption, by July 31, 1990, of guidelines
for assessment of the environmental impact of energy
producing activities;
     (c) the adoption of improved health and safety and
emergency management standards; and
     (d) the development of capability in the key
institutions in the energy sector to deal with
environmental issues.
                      ARTICLE IV
            Additional Events of Suspension
     Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a) A situation has arisen which shall make it
improbable that the Programs, or a significant part
thereof, will be carried out.
     (b) Any Energy Sector Entity shall have failed to
perform any of its obligations under the Program
Agreement.
     (c) The Pakistan Water and Power Development
Authority Act, 1958, the Oil and Gas Development
Corporation Ordinance, 1961, and the Articles of
Association of KESC, SNGPL, SSGC and PMDC shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as
to affect materially and adversely the ability of the
Energy Sector Entities or any of them to perform any of
their obligations under the Program Agreement.
Page  13
     (d) The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of any Energy Sector
Entity or for the suspension of its operations.
     Section 4.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a) the event specified in paragraph (b) of Section
4.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b) the events specified in paragraphs (a), (c) and
(d) of Section 4.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 5.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a) the Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and the Energy Sector
Entities;
     (b) the Special Accounts have been opened;
     (c) the development surcharge on the sale of gas
supplied by producers directly to the power subsector has
been introduced pursuant to Section 3.13 (b) of this
Agreement so that the price of such gas, including such
development surcharge, is at least 30% of the domestic
price of fuel oil, less discounts for the gas
transmission investments made by the power subsector;
     (d) the electricity tariffs have been increased
effective July l, 1989, so as to satisfy WAPDA's funding
requirements for FY90 in accordance with Section 4.02 of
the Program Agreement; and
     (e) a notification has been issued declaring EWPD a
permanent and integral part of the Secretariat of the
Borrower's Planning and Development Division, absorbing
selected existing contract staff of EWPD as the
Borrower's regular employees on a permanent basis, and
establishing in EWPD an economic and finance section
headed by a chief and supported by at least two
economists and two financial analysts, all in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 5.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a) that the Program Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Energy Sector Entities, and
is legally binding upon the Energy Sector Entities in
accordance with its terms; and
     (b) that the Subsidiary Loan Agreements have been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and the
Energy Sector Entities and are legally binding upon the
Borrower and the Energy Sector Entities in accordance
with their terms.
Page  14
     Section 5.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 6 01.  Except as provided in Sections 2.08
(a) and 2.09 of this Agreement, the Secretary to the
Government of Pakistan, Economic Affairs Division, or any
Additional Secretary, Joint Secretary, Deputy Secretary,
or Section Officer in that Division of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 6.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Economic Affairs Division
          Islamabad
          Pakistan
          Cable address:      Telex:
               ECONOMIC            952-5634
               Islamabad
          For the Bank:
               International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
               1818 H Street, N.W.
               Washington, D.C. 20433
               United States of America
               Cable address:      Telex:
                    INTBAFRAD           440098 (ITT)
                    Washington, D.C.    248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
               By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ E. Lari
                         Acting Regional Vice President
Page  15
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to
in this Schedule, the proceeds of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account for expenditures made
(or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of goods and services required
during the execution of the Programs and to be financed
out of such proceeds.
2.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amount of the Loan to each Category and
the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                 Amount of the
                 Loan Allocated              % of
                 (Expressed in           Expenditures
Category       Dollar Equivalent)       to be Financed
(1)  Goods for      125,000,000         100% of foreign
     the Adjust-                        expenditures
     ment Program
(2)  Goods and      125,000,000         100% of foreign
     services                            expenditures;
     for the                             100% of local
     Investment                          expenditures
     Program                             (ex-factory cost);
                                         65% of local
                                         expenditures
                                         for other items
                                         procured locally
                                         for goods; and
                                         100% of expen-
                                         ditures for
                                         consultants'
                                         services
                    ___________
          TOTAL     250,000,000
                    ===========
3.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a) the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b) the term "local expenditures" means expenditures
in the currency of the Borrower or for goods or services
supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
4.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 1 and
2 above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a) expenditures in respect of Category (1) for
goods included in the following SITC groups or
sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Bank
by notice to the Borrower:
     Group               Sub-group      Description of Items
Page  16
      112              -           Alcoholic beverages
      121              -           Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                                   tobacco refuse
      122              -           Tobacco, manufactured
                                   (whether or not
                                   containing tobacco
                                   substitutes)
      525              -           Radioactive and
                                   associated materials
      667              -           Pearls, precious and
                                   semi-precious stones,
                                   unworked or worked
      718            718.7         Nuclear reactors, and
                                   parts thereof, fuel
                                   elements (cartridges),
                                   non-irradiated for
                                   nuclear reactors
      897            897.3         Jewelry of gold, silver
                                   or platinum group metals
                                   (except watches and
                                   watch cases) and gold-
                                   smiths' or silversmiths'
                                   wares (including set
                                   gems)
      971              -           Gold, non-monetary
                                   (excluding gold ores
                                   and concentrates)
     (b)  expenditures in respect of Category (2) for
goods other than those described in the Annex to this
Schedule;
     (c)  expenditures in respect of Category (1) in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services
supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
     (d)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals under
Category (1) in an aggregate amount not exceeding the
equivalent of $25,000,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but
after March 1, 1989;
     (e)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals under
Category (2) in an aggregate amount not exceeding the
equivalent of $12,500,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but
after July 15, 1989;
     (f)  expenditures in respect of Category (1) for
goods procured under contracts costing less than $50,000
equivalent;
     (g)  expenditures for goods supplied under a
contract which any national or international financing
institution or agency other than the Bank shall have
financed or agreed to finance; and
     (h)  expenditures for goods intended for a military
or para-military purpose or for luxury consumption.
5.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
Page  17
be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan under Category (1) after the
aggregate of the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn from the
Loan Account under such Category and the total amount of
such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of
$75,000,000, unless the Bank shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank: (a)
with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Adjustment Program, and (b) that the
actions described in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have
been taken.
6.   No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall
be entered into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan under Category (2) after the
aggregate of the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn from the
Loan Account under such Category and the total amount of
such commitments shall have reached the equivalent of
$80,000,000, unless the Bank shall be satisfied, after an
exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank: (a)
with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Investment Program, and (b) that the
actions described in Schedule 4 to this Agreement have
been taken.
7.   If, after the exchange of views described in
paragraphs 5 and 6 above, the Bank shall have given
notice to the Borrower that the progress achieved and
actions taken are not satisfactory and, within 90 days
after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved
progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Bank, then
the Bank may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan or any part thereof.
                  ANNEX TO SCHEDULE 1
Public Sector
Agencies and                       Description of Goods
Enterprises              Subsector          and Services
(1) WAPDA           Electricity         Technical
assistance,
                                   transmission and dis-
                                   tribution equipment,
                                   generating plant,
                                   efficiency equipment,
                                   telecommunication
                                   equipment, spare
parts,
                                   specialized vehicles
and
                                   intermediate goods and
                                   equipment
(2) KESC            Electricity         Technical
assistance,
                                   transmission and dis-
                                   tribution equipment,
                                   generating plant,
                                   efficiency equipment,
                                   telecommunication
                                   equipment, spare parts
                                   specialized vehicles
                                   and intermediate goods
                                   and equipment
(3) OGDC            Petroleum      Technical assistance,
                                   well services, casing
Page  18
                                   drill pipe, production
                                   and processing equip-
                                   ment, chemicals, con-
                                   sumables and inter-
                                   mediate goods and
                                   equipment
(4) SNGPL           Gas            Technical assistance,
                                   transmission and dis-
                                   tribution equipment
                                   and materials,
                                   efficiency equipment,
                                   telecommunication and
                                   telecontrol equipment
                                   and intermediate goods
                                   and equipment
(5) SSGC            Gas            Technical Assistance,
                                   distribution equipment
                                   and materials,
                                   efficiency equipment
                                   telecommunication and
                                   telecontrol equipment
                                   and intermediate goods
                                   and equipment
(6) PMDC            Coal           Technical assistance
                                   and related goods and
                                   equipment
(7) MWP, MPNR, EWPD,     Energy/        Technical
assistance
     ENERCON,       Energy Conser- and related goods
     DOFMAC         vation/Environ-     and equipment
     and EUAD       ment
                      SCHEDULE 2
                               Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                   (expressed in
dollars)*
March 1, 1995                       4,590,000
September 1, 1995                   4,765,000
March 1, 1996                       4,945,000
September 1, 1996                   5,135,000
March 1, 1997                       5,335,000
September 1, 1997                   5,535,000
March 1, 1998                       5,750,000
September 1, 1998                   5,970,000
March 1, 1999                       6,195,000
September 1, 1999                   6,435,000
March 1, 2000                       6,680,000
September 1, 2000                   6,935,000
March 1, 2001                       7,200,000
September 1, 2001                   7,475,000
March 1, 2002                       7,760,000
September 1, 2002                   8,060,000
March 1, 2003                       8,365,000
September 1, 2003                   8,685,000
March 1, 2004                       9,020,000
September 1, 2004                   9,365,000
March 1, 2005                       9,725,000
September 1, 2005                  10,095,000
March 1, 2006                      10,480,000
September 1, 2006                  10,880,000
March 1, 2007                      11,300,000
September 1, 2007                  11,730,000
March 1, 2008                      12,180,000
Page  19
September 1, 2008                  12,645,000
March 1, 2009                      13,130,000
September 1, 2009                  13,635,000
______________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal.  See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                                   The interest rate (ex-
                                   pressed as a percentage
                                   per annum) applicable to
                                   the balance outstanding
                                   on the Loan on the day
                                   of prepayment multiplied
                                   by:
Not more than three years                         0.15
     before maturity
More than three years but                         0.30
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                           0.55
     not more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not                    0.80
     more than sixteen years
     before maturity
More than sixteen years but not                   0.90
     more than eighteen years
     before maturity
More than eighteen years before                   1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 3
                      Procurement
Section I.     Procurement of Goods in Support of
               the Adjustment Program
1.   Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or more each shall be
awarded through international competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published
by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
     (a) Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and
the following is substituted therefor:
     "2.8 Notification and Advertising
          The international community should be notified
Page  20
     in a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This
     will be done by advertising invitations to apply
     for inclusion in a bidder's invitation list, to
     apply for prequalification, or to bid; such
     advertisements should be placed in at least one
     newspaper of general circulation in the Borrower's
     country and, in addition, in at least one of the
     following forms:
          (i)  a notice in the United Nations
               publication, Development Form, Business
               Edition; or
          (ii) an advertisement in a newspaper,
               periodical or technical journal of wide
               international circulation; or
         (iii) a notice to local representatives of
               countries and territories referred
               to in the Guidelines, that are
               potential suppliers of the goods
               required."
     (b)  The following is added at the end of paragraph
2.21 of the Guidelines:
               "As a further alternative, bidding
          documents may require the bidder to state the
          bid price in a single currency widely used in
          international trade and specified in the
          bidding documents."
     (c)  Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are
deleted.
2.   Contracts for goods estimated to cost the equivalent
of less than $5,000,000 each shall be awarded on the
basis of the normal procurement procedures of the
purchaser of such goods.
3.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 1 of this Section, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect of such contract, two conformed copies
of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures
followed and such other information as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
4.   With respect to each contract referred to in
paragraph 2 of this Section, the Borrower shall furnish
to the Bank, prior to the submission to the Bank of the
first application for withdrawal of funds from the Loan
Account in respect thereof, such documentation and
information as the Bank may reasonably request to support
withdrawal applications in respect of such contract.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Section, where payments under a contract are to
be made out of the proceeds of the Adjustment Program
Special Account, the copies of such contract or the
documentation and the information to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3 or
paragraph 4 of this Section, as the case may be, shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence required
under paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
6.   The provisions of the preceding paragraphs 3, 4 and
5 shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan Account on
Page  21
the basis of statements of expenditure.
Section II.  Procurement of Goods for the Investment
Program
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
l.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:  Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in Pakistan may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:  Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Spare parts estimated to cost up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $4,000,000 and
specialized well services to cost up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed the equivalent of $15,000,000, may
be procured under contracts awarded through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of
evaluation and comparison of bids invited from at least
three qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines
and in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs
2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.   Proprietary items and estimated to cost up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$4,000,000 may be procured by direct contracting in
accordance with the procedures described in paragraph 3.5
of the Guidelines.
Part D:  Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $1,500,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix l to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Investment Program Special Account, said
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant
to said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as
part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
Page  22
     (c) The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section III.  Employment of Consultants
1.   In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out
of the measures referred to in Sections 3.05, 3.09 and
3.16 of this Agreement, the organizational and/or
financial restructuring of KESC and OGDC referred to in
Sections 3.20 and 3.21 (a) of this Agreement, and the
study referred to in paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement, the Borrower shall employ coal development,
forestry, gas pricing and demand management, refinery
pricing, financial and management, and hydropower
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with the principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Borrower shall employ the consultants referred to in
paragraph l of this Section as follows:
     (a) for the purposes of the financial restructuring
of OGDC referred to in paragraph (a) of Section 3.21 of
this Agreement, by January 31, 1990; and
     (b) for the purposes of the studies or review
referred to in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f)
of Section 3.05 and in Section 3.16 of this Agreement,
for the purposes of development of the data base referred
to in Section 3.09 of this Agreement, and for the
purposes of the organizational and financial
restructuring of KESC referred to in Section 3.20 of this
Agreement, by March 31, 1990.
                      SCHEDULE 4
   Actions Referred to in Paragraphs 5 (b) and 6 (b)
            of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.   Appointment of consultants pursuant to paragraph 1
of Section III of Schedule 3 to this Agreement to carry
out a feasibility study for the proposed Basha dam
hydropower project.
2.   Increase in electricity tariffs, effective July 1,
1990, so as to satisfy WAPDA's funding requirements for
FY91 in accordance with Section 4.02 of the Program
Agreement.
3.   Increase in the development surcharge on the sale of
gas supplied by producers directly to the power subsector
pursuant to Section 3.13 (b) of this Agreement so that
the price of such gas, including such development
surcharge, is at least 40% of the domestic price of fuel
oil, less discounts for the gas transmission investments
made by the power sub sector.
4.   Establishment of the financial performance criteria
Page  23
for OGDC referred to in Section 4.04 of the Program
Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                   Special Accounts
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a) the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required during the execution of the
Programs and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule
l to this Agreement; and
     (b) the term "Authorized Allocation" means, in
respect of the Adjustment Program, an amount equivalent
to $10,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Adjustment Program Special Account, in
respect of the part of the Investment Program for which
the Borrower is responsible, an amount equivalent to
$250,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the Borrower's Investment Program Special
Account, in respect of the part of the Investment Program
for which WAPDA is responsible, an amount equivalent to
$2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the WAPDA Special Account, in respect of
the part of the Investment Program for which KESC is
responsible, an amount equivalent to $500,000 to be
withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited into the
KESC Special Account, in respect of the part of the
Investment Program for which OGDC is responsible, an
amount equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the OGDC Special Account,
in respect of the part of the Investment Program for
which SSGC is responsible, an amount equivalent to
$500,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited into the SSGC Special Account, and in respect
of the part of the Investment Program for which SNGPL is
responsible, an amount equivalent to $500,000 to be
withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited into the
SNGPL Special Account, and in respect of the part of the
Investment Program for which PMDC is responsible, an
amount equivalent to $250,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited into the PMDC Special Accounts
all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of a Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that a Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the relevant Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish such Special Account
shall be made as follows:
     (a) For withdrawals of the relevant Authorized
Allocation, the Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector
Entity, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Bank a
request or requests for a deposit or deposits which do
not exceed the aggregate amount of such Authorized
Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower or the concerned
Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be, withdraw from
the Loan Account and deposit in such Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower or the concerned Energy
Sector Entity, as the case may be, shall have requested.
Page  24
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of such Special
               Account, the Borrower or the concerned
               Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be,
               shall furnish to the Bank requests for
               deposits into such Special Account at
               such intervals as the Bank shall specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower or the concerned
               Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be,
               shall furnish to the Bank the documents
               and other evidence required pursuant to
               paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
               payment or payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Bank shall, on
               behalf of the Borrower or the concerned
               Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be,
               withdraw from the Loan Account and
               deposit into such Special Account such
               amount as the Borrower or the concerned
               Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be,
               shall have requested and as shall have
               been shown by said documents and other
               evidence to have been made out o\1a such
               Special Account for eligible
               expenditures. All such deposits shall be
               withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
               Account under the relevant eligible
               Category, and in the respective
               equivalent amounts, as shall have been
               justified by said documents and other
               evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower or the
concerned Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be, out
of a Special Account, the Borrower or the concerned
Energy Sector Entity, as the case may be, shall, at such
time as the Bank shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Bank such documents and other evidence showing that such
payment was made exclusively for eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make
further deposits into a Special Accounts:
     (a) if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the
Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector Entity, as the
case may be, directly from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
     (b) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
allocated to the relevant eligible Category for the
Adjustment Program or, as the case may be, for a part of
the Investment Program less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Adjustment Program or, as the case may be, such part
of the Investment Program, shall equal the equivalent of
twice the amount of the relevant Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the
relevant eligible Category for the Adjustment Program or,
as the case may be, such part of the Investment Program
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by
notice to the Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector
Entity, as the case may be. Such further withdrawals
shall be made only after and to the extent that the Bank
Page  25
shall have been satisfied that all such amounts remaining
on deposit in such Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a) If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of a Special Account: (i) was made
for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant
to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; and (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Bank, the
Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector Entity, as the
case may be, shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank:
(A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may
request; or (B) deposit into such Special Account (or, if
the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank
into such Special Account shall be made until the
Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector Entity, as the
case may be, has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b) If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in a Special Account will not
be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector
Entity, as the case may be, shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding
amount.
     (c) The Borrower or the concerned Energy Sector
Entity, as the case may be, may, upon notice to the Bank,
refund to the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in a Special Account.
     (d) Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Loan Account for subsequent withdrawal or for
cancellation in accordance with the relevant provisions
of this Agreement, including the General Conditions.
