Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3107 PAK
                   Program Agreement
              (Second Energy Sector Loan)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
   WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF PAKISTAN
                          and
        KARACHI ELECTRICITY SUPPLY CORPORATION
                          and
          OIL AND GAS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                          and
             SUI SOUTHERN GAS CORPORATION
                          and
          SUI NORTHERN GAS PIPELINES LIMITED
                          and
       PAKISTAN MINERAL DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                Dated December 8, 1989
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3107 PAK
                   PROGRAM AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 8, 1989, among
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF
PAKISTAN, KARACHI ELECTRICITY SUPPLY CORPORATION, OIL AND
GAS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, SOUTHERN GAS CORPORATION,
SUI NORTHERN GAS PIPELINES LIMITED and PAKISTAN MINERAL
DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION (hereinafter collectively called
the Energy Sector Entities).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the
Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to two hundred fifty million dollars
($250,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Energy
Sector Entities agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by subsidiary loan agreements to be entered
into between the Borrower and the Energy Sector Entities,
a portion of the proceeds of the loan provided for under
the Loan Agreement will be made available to the Energy
Sector Entities on the terms and conditions set forth in
Page  2
said Subsidiary Loan Agreements; and
     WHEREAS the Energy Sector Entities, in consideration
of the Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, have agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings
therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
          Execution of the Investment Program
     Section 2.01.  (a) The Energy Sector Entities
declare their commitment to the objectives of the
Investment Program as set forth in the letter referred to
in Recital B of the Preamble to the Loan Agreement, and,
to this end, shall carry out the Investment Program with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
energy practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Investment
Program.
     (b)  The Energy Sector Entities shall, for the
purposes of the Investment Program, open and maintain in
dollars special accounts in the National Bank of Pakistan
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, such Special Accounts
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.02.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for the Investment Program and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 3 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.03.  The Energy Sector Entities shall
carry out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance,
respectively) in respect of the Program Agreement and the
Investment Program.
     Section 2.04.  The Energy Sector Entities shall duly
perform all their obligations under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the
Energy Sector Entities shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending,
abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary Loan
Agreements or any provisions thereof.
     Section 2.05.  (a) The Energy Sector Entities shall,
at the request of the Bank, exchange views with the Bank
with regard to progress of the Investment Program, the
performance of their obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
Page  3
     (b)  The Energy Sector Entities shall promptly
inform the Bank of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Investment Program, the accomplishment of the purposes of
Loan, or the performance by the Energy Sector Entities of
their obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of the
                Energy Sector Entities
     Section 3.01.  The Energy Sector Entities shall
carry on their operations and conduct their affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial and
energy practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02.  The Energy Sector Entities shall at
all times operate and maintain their plant, machinery,
equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and
renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound
engineering, financial and energy practices.
     Section 3.03.  The Energy Sector Entities shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers, or make other
provision satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against
such risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent
with appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a) The Energy Sector Entities shall
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices their
operations and financial condition in respect of the
parts of the Investment Program for which they are
respectively responsible.
     (b)  The Energy Sector Entities shall:
       (i)  have their records, accounts and financial
            statements (balance sheets, statements of
            income and expenses and related statements)
            and those for their Special Accounts for
            each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
            appropriate auditing principles consistently
            applied, by independent auditors acceptable
            to the Bank;
      (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
            but in any case not later than six months
            after the end of each such year: (A)
            certified copies of their financial
            statements for such year as so audited; and
            (B) the reports of such audit by said
            auditors of such scope and in such detail as
            the Bank shall have reasonably requested;
            and
     (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
            concerning said records, accounts and
            financial statements as well as the audit
            thereof, as the Bank shall from time to time
            reasonably request.
     Section 4.02.  (a) Except as the Bank shall
Page  4
otherwise agree, WAPDA shall produce, for each of its
fiscal years beginning its fiscal year ending on June 30,
1989, funds from internal sources equivalent to not less
than 40% of the annual average of WAPDA's capital
expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for
that fiscal year, the previous fiscal year and the next
following fiscal year.
     (b)  Before April 15 in each of its fiscal years,
WAPDA shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by WAPDA
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) and
shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon its
completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that WAPDA would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for
WAPDA's fiscal years covered by such review, WAPDA shall
promptly take all necessary measures (including, without
limitation, adjustments of the structure and/or levels of
its electricity tariff) in order to meet such
requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
       (i)  The term "funds from internal sources" shall
            mean the difference between:
          (A)  the sum of gross revenues from all
               sources related to electricity
               operations, consumer deposits, cash
               contributions from consumers in aid of
               construction, and net non-operating
               income and any reduction in working
               capital other than cash; and
          (B)  the sum of all expenses of operation,
               maintenance and administration (excluding
               depreciation and other non-cash operating
               charges), interest and other charges on
               debt (including interest and other
               charges on debt charged to construction
               irrespective or whether they constitute
               cash or non-cash expenses), repayment of
               loans (including sinking fund payments,
               if any), all taxes or payments in lieu of
               taxes, all cash dividends and other cash
               distribution of surplus, increase in
               working capital other than cash and any
               other cash outflows other than capital
               expenditures for electricity operations.
      (ii)  The term "net non-operating income" means
            the difference between:
          (1)  revenues from all sources other than
               those related to operations; and
          (2)  expenses, including taxes and payments in
               lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
               of revenues in (1) above.
     (iii)  The term "capital expenditures" shall
            include all investments related to WAPDA's
            electric power activities. Interest and
            other charges to construction shall be
            excluded.
     Section 4.03.  (a) Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, WAPDA shall not incur any debt unless a
reasonable forecast of the revenues and expenditures of
WAPDA shows that the estimated net revenues of WAPDA for
Page  5
each fiscal year during the term of the debt to be
incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt
service requirements of WAPDA in such year on all debt of
WAPDA including the debt to be incurred.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
       (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
            WAPDA maturing by its terms more than one
            year after the date on which it is
            originally incurred.
      (ii)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
            under a loan contract or agreement or other
            instrument providing for such debt or for
            the modification of its terms of payment on
            the date of such contract, agreement or
            instrument; and (B) under a guarantee
            agreement, on the date the agreement
            providing for such guarantee has been
            entered into.
     (iii)  The term "net revenues" means the difference
            between:
          (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
               related to operations and net
               non-operating income; and
          (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
               operations including administration,
               adequate maintenance, taxes and payments
               in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
               for depreciation, other non-cash
               operating charges and interest and other
               charges on debt.
      (iv)  The term "net non-operating income" means
            the difference between:
          (A)  revenues from all sources other than
               those related to operations; and
          (B)  expenses, including taxes and payments in
               lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
               of revenues in (A) above.
       (v)  The term "debt service requirements" means
            the aggregate amount of repayments
            (including sinking fund payments, if any)
            of, and interest and other charges on, debt.
      (vi)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section,
            it shall be necessary to value, in terms of
            the currency of the Borrower, debt payable
            in another currency, such valuation shall be
            made on the basis of the prevailing lawful
            rate of exchange at which such other
            currency is, at the time of such valuation,
            obtainable for the purposes of servicing
            such debt, or, in the absence of such rates
            on the basis of a rate of exchange
            acceptable to the Bank.
     (vii)  The term "reasonable forecast" means a
            forecast prepared by WAPDA not earlier than
            twelve months prior to the incurrence of the
            debt in question, which both the Bank and
            WAPDA accept as reasonable and as to which
            the Bank has notified WAPDA of its
            acceptability, provided that no event has
            occurred since such notification which has,
            or may reasonably be expected in the future
Page  6
            to have, a material adverse effect on the
            financial condition or future operating
            results of WAPDA.
     Section 4.04.  (a) Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, OGDC shall, effective July l, 1990,
begin to comply with financial performance criteria,
satisfactory to the Borrower and the Bank, such as would,
inter alia, enable OGDC to generate funds from internal
sources sufficient to cover a reasonable proportion of
OGDC's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for each fiscal year.
     (b)  Before April 15 in each of its fiscal years,
OGDC shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by OGDC
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) and
shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon its
completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that OGDC would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this
Section for OGDC's fiscal year covered by such review,
OGDC shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure and/or levels of its gas prices) in order to
meet such requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
       (i)  The term "funds from internal sources" shall
            mean the difference between:
          (A)  the sum of gross revenues from all
               sources related to oil and gas sales and
               net non-operating income and any
               reduction in working capital other than
               cash; and
          (B)  the sum of all expenses of operation,
               maintenance and administration (excluding
               depreciation and other non-cash operating
               charges), interest and other charges on
               debt (including interest and other
               charges on debt charged to construction
               irrespective or whether they constitute
               cash or non-cash expenses), repayment of
               loans (including sinking fund payments,
               if any), all taxes or payments in lieu of
               taxes, all cash dividends and other cash
               distribution of surplus, increase in
               working capital other than cash,
               unsuccessful drilling expenditures and
               any other cash outflows other than
               capital expenditures for oil and gas
               development.
      (ii)  The term "net non-operating income" means
            the difference between:
          (1)  revenues from all sources other than
               those related to operations; and
          (2)  expenses, including taxes and payments in
               lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
               of revenues in (1) above.
     (iii)  The term "capital expenditures" shall
            include all investments related to OGDC's
            oil and gas exploration and development
            operations. Interest and other charges to
            construction shall be excluded.
Page  7
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02.  This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of the Energy Sector Entities thereunder
shall terminate on the date on which the Loan Agreement
shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify the Energy Sector Entities
thereof.
     Section 5.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
       International Bank for
         Reconstruction and Development
       1818 H Street, N.U.
       Washington, D.C. 20433
       United States of America
       Cable address:                   Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT),
          Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For WAPDA:
       Water and Power Development
         Authority
       WAPDA House
       Lahore, Pakistan
       Cable address:                   Telex:
          WAPDA                              44869 WAPDA
PK
          Lahore, Pakistan
     For KESC:
       Karachi Electricity Supply
         Corporation, Ltd.
       P.O. Box 7197
Page  8
       Karachi-3, Pakistan
                                        Telex:
                                             25601
     For OGDC:
       Oil and Gas Development
         Corporation
       M-14 Markaz F-8
       Islamabad, Pakistan
       Cable Address:                        Telex:
          OILGASCORP                              5692
OGDC PK
          Islamabad, Pakistan
     For SSGC:
       Sui Southern Gas Corporation
       State Life Building No. 3
       Dr. Ziauddin Ahmed Road
       Karachi, Pakistan
                                        Telex:
                                             2672
     For SNGPL:
       Sui Northern Gas Pipelines
         Limited
       P.O. Box 56
       Avari Plaza
       87, Sharhah-e-Quaid-e-Azam
       Lahore, Pakistan
       Cable address:                        Telex:
          SUI NORTH                          44677 SNGP
PK
          Lahore, Pakistan
     For PMDC:
       Pakistan Mineral Development
         Corporation
       PIDC House
       Dr. Ziauddin Ahmed Road
       Karachi, Pakistan
       Cable address:                        Telex:
          MINEDEVCOR                              24385
          Islamabad, Pakistan
     Section 6.02.  Any action required or permitted to
be taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of the Energy
Sector Entities, or by the Energy Sector Entities on
behalf of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be
taken or executed by their Chief Executive Officers or
such other person or persons as their Chief Executive
Officers shall designate in writing, and their Chief
Executive Officers shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
Page  9
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                        RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ E. Lari
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                    WATER AND POWER DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                      OF PAKISTAN
                    By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                    KARACHI ELECTRICITY SUPPLY CORPORATION
                    By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                    OIL AND GAS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
                    By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                    SUI SOUTHERN GAS CORPORATION
                    By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                    SUI NORTHERN GAS PIPELINES LIMITED
                    By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
                    PAKISTAN MINERAL DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
Page  10
                    By /s/ M. Afzal
                              Authorized Representative
