Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                       DUTCH GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3318 PAK
                     (Microenterprise Project)
                               among
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                  as Administrator of Grant Funds
                          provided by the
      MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION OF THE NETHERLANDS
                                and
                  AGA KHAN RURAL SUPPORT PROGRAM
                                and
                   ORANGI PILOT PROJECT SOCIETY
                                and
              BASIC URBAN SERVICES FOR KATCHI ABADIS
                                and
                   ALFALAH DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE
                        Dated June 28, 1991
                       DUTCH GRANT RELATED TO LOAN NUMBER 3318 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 28, 1991, among INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) acting
as Administrator (the Administrator) of grant funds
provided by the MINISTER FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION OF
THE NETHERLANDS (the Minister) and AGA KHAN RURAL SUPPORT
PROGRAM (AKRSP), ORANGI PILOT PROJECT SOCIETY (OPP),
BASIC URBAN SERVICES FOR KATCHI ABADIS (BUSTI) and
ALFALAH DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE (ADI).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Dutch Grant Agreement of even
date herewith between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
(the Recipient) and the Administrator, the Administrator
has agreed to make available to the Recipient an amount
of four million eight hundred thousand Dutch Guilders
(Dfls 4,800,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
Page  2
in the Dutch Grant Agreement, but only on condition that
AKRSP, OPP, BUSTI and ADI (collectively, the Participat-
ing Non-Governmental Organizations or PNGOs) agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Administrator as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by subsidiary grant agreements to be entered
into between the Recipient and each of the PNGOs, a part
of the proceeds of the grant provided for under the Dutch
Grant Agreement will be made available to PNGOs on the
terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Grant
Agreements; and
      WHEREAS PNGOs, in consideration of the Administrato-
r's entering into the Dutch Grant Agreement with the
Recipient, have agreed to undertake the obligations set
forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Dutch Grant Agreement,
the Preamble to this Agreement, the Loan Agreement (as so
defined) and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. PNGOs declare their commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 1 to
the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts A (2), B.1 and B.2 (b) of the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropri-
ate administrative, financial, engineering and social
welfare practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for Parts A (2),
B.1 and B.2 (b) of the Project.
      Section 2.02. (a) PNGOs undertake that, unless the
Administrator shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans will be
made by them under Part A (2) of the Project, in accor-
dance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions
set forth or referred to in Section I of Schedule 3 to
the Dutch Grant Agreement.
      (b)   PNGOs shall exercise their rights in relation
to each Investment Project financed by them in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Adminis-
trator and PNGOs; (ii) comply with their obligations
under this Agreement and the Subsidiary Grant Agreements;
and (iii) achieve the purposes of Part A (2) of the
Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods and consultant-
s' services required for Parts B.1 and B.2 (b) of the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Grant shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3
to the Dutch Grant Agreement.
      Section 2.04. PNGOs shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
Page  3
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respec-
tively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts B.1
and B.2 (b) of the Project.
      Section 2.05. PNGOs shall duly perform all their
obligations under the Subsidiary Grant Agreements. Except
as the Administrator shall otherwise agree, PNGOs shall
not take or concur in any action which would have the
effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Grant Agreements or any provisions thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) PNGOs shall, at the request of the
Administrator, exchange views with the Administrator with
regard to progress of their activities under Parts A (2),
B.1 and B.2 (b) of the Project, the performance of their
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Grant Agreements, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Grant.
      (b)   PNGOs shall promptly inform the Administrator
of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the progress of their activities under
Parts A (2), B.1 and B.2 (b) of the Project, the accom-
plishment of the purposes of the Grant, or the perfor-
mance by PNGOs of their obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Grant Agreements.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of PNGOs
      Section 3.01. PNGOs shall carry on their operations
and conduct their affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and social welfare practices
under the supervision of qualified and experienced
management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. PNGOs shall at all times operate and
maintain their plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and social
welfare practices.
      Section 3.03. PNGOs shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfacto-
ry to the Administrator for, insurance against such risks
and in such amounts as shall be consistent with appropri-
ate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PNGOs shall maintain procedures
and records adequate to monitor and record the progress
their activities under Parts A (2), B.1 and B.2 (b) of
the Project and of each Investment Project financed by
them (including the costs and the benefits to be derived
from it), and to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices their operations and financial
condition.
      (b)   PNGOs shall:
            (i)   have the records referred to in Section
                  4.01 (a) of this Agreement, their ac-
                  counts including those for their Special
                  Accounts and financial statements (bal-
                  ance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each
Page  4
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consis-
                  tently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Administrator;
            (ii)  furnish to the Administrator as soon as
                  available, but in any case not later than
                  six months after the end of each such
                  year: (A) certified copies of their fi-
                  nancial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit
                  by said auditors of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Administrator shall
                  have reasonably requested; and
           (iii)  furnish to the Administrator such
                  other information concerning said
                  records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit
                  thereof, as the Administrator shall
                  from time to time reasonably re-
                  quest.
      Section 4.02. PNGOs shall, not later than sixty (60)
days after the end of each semester, beginning with the
semester ending June 30, 1991, furnish to the Administra-
tor reports, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrator, on the state of disbursements, collections
and arrears under their credit operations.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Dutch Grant
Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Administrator and of PNGOs thereunder shall terminate
on the date on which the Dutch Grant Agreement shall
terminate in accordance with its terms, and the Adminis-
trator shall promptly notify PNGOs thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General Condi-
tions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Administrator:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
Page  5
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For AKRSP:
            The Aga Khan Rural Support Program
            543 Shahrah-e-Quaide Azam
            Jutial, Gilgit
            Pakistan
            Cable address:
                  AGAFOUND
                  Gilgit
      For OPP:
            Orangi Pilot Project Society
            1-D, 26 Daulat House
            Orangi Town
            Karachi-41, Pakistan
      For BUSTI:
            Basic Urban Services for Katchi Abadis
            155-C, KDA-1 Extension
            Karachi
            Pakistan
      For ADI:
            Alfalah Development Institute
            P.O. Box 5141 Model Town
            Lahore - 54700
            Pakistan
                                          Telex:
                                            92-42-854816
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of PNGOs, or by
PNGOs on behalf of the Administrator under the Dutch
Grant Agreement, may be taken or executed by their Chief
Executive Officers or such other person or persons as the
Chief Executive Officers shall designate in writing, and
the Chief Executive Officers shall furnish to the
Administrator sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      Section 6.04. In accordance with the arrangements
referred to in the Preamble to the Dutch Grant Agreement
between the Minister and the Administrator, the rights
and obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement
may be transferred to the Minister. PNGOs accept and
agree that, upon notice by the Administrator to PNGOs to
that effect, the Minister shall, ipso facto, from the
date specified in such notice, be substituted in all
rights and obligations of the Administrator under this
Agreement as if the Minister had been an original party
to this Agreement, without any further action or formali-
Page  6
ty required on the part of any party, and from such date
the Administrator shall cease to have any rights or
obligations as a party under this Agreement.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  as Administrator of the Grant
                  By /s/ M. H. Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                  AGA KHAN RURAL SUPPORT PROGRAM
                  By /s/ I. N. Ali
                                         Authorized Representative
                  ORANGI PILOT PROJECT SOCIETY
                  BASIC URBAN SERVICES FOR KATCHI ABADIS
                  ALFALAH DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE
                  By /s/ A. Farooq
                                         Authorized Representative
