Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2161 ET
          (Second Addis Ababa Urban Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                 ADDIS ABABA ADMINISTRATIVE REGION
                       Dated August 13, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2161 ET
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 13, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ADDIS ABABA
ADMINISTRATIVE REGION (AAAR).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between the People's Democratic Republic Ethiopia (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to twenty-seven million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 27,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that AAAR agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and AAAR, part of the proceeds of the credit
Page  2
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made
available to AAAR on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS AAAR, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. AAAR declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A.1, B.1, B.3, C,
D, E and G.1 the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and
engineering practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. AAAR shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of this Agreement and Parts A.1, B.1, B.3, C, D, E and G.1
of the Project.
      Section 2.04. AAAR shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, AAAR shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) AAAR shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   AAAR shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by AAAR of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of AAAR
      Section 3.01. AAAR shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, and
engineering practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. AAAR shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
administrative practices.
      Section 3.03. AAAR shall take out and maintain with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. In carrying out Part B of the Project, AAAR
shall take all necessary measures to implement in a manner satis-
factory to the Association the resettlement plan for the people to
be relocated under the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) AAAR shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations, resources and expenditures of AAAR in respect of
Parts A.1, B.1, B.3, C, D, E and G.1 of the Project (Project
Accounts).
      (b)   AAAR shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (statements of income and expenditures and
                  related statements) including the Project Ac-
                  counts and the Special Account for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Associa-
                  tion;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than twelve months
                  after the end of each of the first two years and
                  thereafter, not later than nine months after the
                  end of each such year (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements and the Project Accounts for
                  such year as so audited, and (B) the report of
                  such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Association shall have reason-
                  ably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, AAAR shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
            bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing such
            expenditures are retained until at least one year after
            the Association has received the audit report for the
            fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
            Account was made;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
Page  4
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. AAAR shall take all appropriate measures to
recover on site infrastructure costs associated with carrying out
Part A.1 of the Project from the beneficiaries through levying of
plot development, land lease and other charges.
      Section 4.03. AAAR shall allocate land under Part A of the
Project to beneficiaries under eligibility criteria set out in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 4.04. (a) AAAR shall, out of the proceeds of the
Kebele Development Fund, extend sub-loans to Kebeles for the
construction of community facilities and other revenue-generating
sub-projects. AAAR shall submit the applications of the first four
sub-loans to the Association for review and shall obtain the
Association's approval prior to granting said sub-loans. AAAR shall
make subsequent sub-loans in accordance with criteria acceptable to
the Association.
      (b)   AAAR shall, out of the proceeds of the Kebele Develop-
ment Fund, extend sub-loans to women in the Kebeles for revenue-
generating projects under eligibility criteria and terms and
conditions acceptable to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of AAAR thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
            (ii)  the date 26 years after the date of this Agree-
                  ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify AAAR of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
Page  5
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                    Telex:
                  INDEVAS                       197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
                                                 64145 (WUI) or
                                                 82987 (FTCC)
      For AAAR:
            Addis Ababa Administrative Region
            P.O. Box 6921
            Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of AAAR, or by AAAR on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Administrator or such other person or persons as AAAR shall
designate in writing, and AAAR shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Ismail Serageldin
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  ADDIS ABABA ADMINISTRATIVE REGION
                  By /s/ Girma Amare
                                         Authorized Representative
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Eligibility Criteria for Allocating Plots
                          (Section 4.03)
Addis Ababa Sites and Services Schemes:
A.    Residential Plots
Page  6
1.    Beneficiaries shall:
      (a)   be age 18 or over;
      (b)   show willingness to participate in a self-help program,
preferably in a cooperative arrangement;
      (c)   have a reasonably regular formal household monthly
income (either salaried or licensed self-employed) of-
      -     up to Birr 165 or about 50th percentile of the 1988
            urban income distribution for about 20% of the units
            (cores),
      -     up to Birr 220 or about 70th percentile of the 1988
            urban income distribution for about 50% of units (cores
            + 1 room), and
      -     about Birr 300 for about 30% of the units (cores + 3
            rooms);
      (d)   not own any other residential property; and
      (e)   meet all other HSB standard requirements (e.g.,
insurance, mortgage redemption, etc.).
2.    The housing loan repayment plus plot development charge and
land lease charge will not exceed 25% of monthly household income;
B.    Commercial Plots:
1.    Beneficiaries shall:
      (a)   have a license from the relevant government institution;
      (b)   not own any other commercial property;
      (c)   demonstrate financial viability, administrative capacity
and employment generating potential of the business;
      (d)   have a source of finance for the construction of the
commercial structure;
      (e)   demonstrate ability to pay the plot development charge
and land lease charge.
C.    Small-scale Industrial Plots:
1.    Beneficiaries shall:
      (a)   have a license from the relevant government institution;
      (b)   demonstrate financial viability, administrative capa-
bility and employment generating potential of the industry;
      (c)   demonstrate ability to pay the plot development charge
and land lease charge; and
      (d)   have a source of finance for the construction of the
industrial facility.
2.    The industry shall have a neutral or positive environmental
impact.
Akaki Sites and Services Scheme:
      Residential Plots in Akaki
1.    Beneficiaries shall:
      (a)   be age 18 or over;
Page  7
      (b)   be willing to participate in a self-help program,
preferably in a cooperative arrangement;
      (c)   have a reasonably regular formal household monthly
income (either salaried or licensed self-employed) of-
      -     up to Birr 195 or about 50th percentile of the 1988
            urban income distribution for about 20% of the units
            (cores),
      -     up to Birr 235 or about 70th percentile of the 1988
            urban income distribution for about 50% of units (cores
            + 1 room), and
      -     about Birr 305 for about 30% of the units (cores + 3
            rooms);
      (d)   not own any other residential property; and
      (e)   meet all other HSB standard requirements (e.g.,
insurance, mortgage redemption, etc.).
2.    The housing loan repayment plus plot development charge and
land lease charge will not exceed 25% of monthly household income.
