Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2161 ET
          (Second Addis Ababa Urban Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
             ADDIS ABABA WATER AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
                       Dated August 13, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2161 ET
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 13, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ADDIS ABABA WATER AND
SEWERAGE AUTHORITY (AWSA).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Peoples Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to make
available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent
to twenty-seven million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 27,100,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that AWSA agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and AWSA, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made
Page  2
available to AWSA on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS AWSA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. AWSA declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Parts F and G.2 of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. AWSA shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of this Agreement and Parts F and G.2 of the Project.
      Section 2.04. AWSA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, AWSA shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) AWSA shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   AWSA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by AWSA of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of AWSA
      Section 3.01. AWSA shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
engineering practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. AWSA shall at all times operate and maintain its
Page  3
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering and financial
practices.
      Section 3.03. AWSA shall take out and maintain  with respon-
sible insurers, or make other provisions satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risk and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. In carrying out Part G.2 (ii) of the Project,
AWSA shall: (a) not later than September 31, 1991, carry out a Water
and Sewerage tariff study; (b) furnish the study to the Association
for its review; and (c) consult with the Association prior to the
implementation of the recommendations of the said study.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) AWSA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations, resources and expenditures of AWSA in respect of
Parts F and G.2 of the Project (Project Accounts).
      (b)   AWSA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) including the
                  Project Accounts and the Special Account for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than twelve months
                  after the end of each of the first two years, and
                  thereafter, not later than nine months after the
                  end of each such year (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements and the Project Accounts for
                  such year as so audited, and (B) the report of
                  such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Association shall have reason-
                  ably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, AWSA shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
     (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders, invoices,
            bills, receipts and other documents) evidencing such
            expenditures are retained until at least one year after
            the Association has received the audit report for the
            fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
            Account was made;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
Page  4
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, AWSA shall produce for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on June 30, 1992, total revenues equivalent to
not less than the sum of: (i) its total operating expenses; and (ii)
the amount by which debt service requirements exceed the provision
for depreciation.
      (b)   Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years, AWSA shall,
on the basis of forecasts prepared by AWSA and satisfactory to the
Association, review whether it would meet the requirements set forth
in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association the results of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that AWSA would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for AWSA's fiscal years
covered by such review, AWSA shall promptly take all necessary
measures in order to meet such requirement.
      (d)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total revenues" means the sum of total
                  operating revenues and net non-operating income.
     (ii)   The term "total operating revenues" means revenues from
            all sources related to operations.
          (iii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
           (iv)   The term "total operating expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including admin-
                  istration, adequate maintenance, taxes and pay-
                  ments in lieu of taxes, and provision for depre-
                  ciation on a straight-line basis at a rate of
                  about 3% per annum of the average current gross
                  value of AWSA's fixed assets in operation, or
                  other basis acceptable to the Association, but
                  excluding interest and other charges on debt.
            (v)   The average current gross value of the AWSA's
                  fixed assets in operation shall be calculated as
                  one half of the sum of the gross value of AWSA's
                  fixed assets in operation at the beginning and at
                  the end of the fiscal year.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments or principal and
                  interest.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
Page  5
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of AWSA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
            (ii)  the date 26 years after the date of this Agree-
                  ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify AWSA of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For AWSA:
            Addis Ababa Water and Sewerage Authority
            P.O. Box 1505
            Addis Ababa
            Ethiopia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  AWSA                      21427 ET AWSA
                  Addis Abada
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of AWSA, may be taken or executed by the General
Manager of AWSA or such other person or persons as the General
Manager shall designate in writing, and AWSA shall furnish to the
Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenti-
cated specimen signature of each such person.
Page  6
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Ismail Serageldin
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  ADDIS ABABA WATER AND SEWERAGE AUTHORITY
                  By /s/ Girma Amare
                                         Authorized Representative
