Page  1
                                        CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2921 UR
                    Loan Agreement
         (Water Supply Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
            REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                 Dated April 14, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2921 UR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
Page  2
          AGREEMENT,  dated April 14,  1988 between
REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY  (the  Borrower)  and
INTERNATIONAL BANK  FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
     WHEREAS  (A)  the Borrower, having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 1 to the ProJect Agreement (as defined
hereinafter), has requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project
     (B)  the Project will be carried out by
Administracion de las Obras Sanitarias del Estado (OSE),
an entity wholly owned by the Borrower,  with the
Borrower's assistance and,  as part of such assistance,
the Borrower shall make available to OSE the proceeds of
the Loan as provided in this Agreement;
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and OSE;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
     (a)  paragraph 11 of Section 2.01 shall read as
follows:
                    "The term "Project" means the
               project for which the Loan is granted, as
               described in Schedule l to the Project
               Agreement and as the description thereof
               may be amended from time to time by
               agreement between the Borrower and the
               Bank and OSE,  and the terms "OSE" and
               "Project Agreement" have the meanings set
               forth in the Preamble to, and in Section
               1.02 of, the Loan Agreement
               respectively."
     (b)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires,  the several  terms  defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account"  means  the account referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and OSE, of even date herewith. as the same may
be amended from time to time; and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project
Agreement;
Page  3
     (c)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and OSE pursuant
to Section 3.02 (a) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and the term "Subsidiary Loan" means the
loan to be made by the Borrower to OSE pursuant to
Section 3.02 (a) of this Agreement;
     (d)  "Medium-size City" means a city within the
Borrower's territories chosen by OSE for purposes of Part
B.3 of the Project, and included in the applicable Annual
Action Plan for Part B of the Project, all in accordance
with criteria satisfactory to the Bank;
     (e)  "Annual Action Plan" means the detailed annual
plan of activities to be carried out and results to be
achieved during the relevant year for Part A or Part B of
the Project, as referred to in Section 2.05 of the
Project Agreement and as the said plan be revised from
time to time with the prior approval of the Bank;
     (f)  "First Twinning Contract" means  the contract
entered into between OSE and Companhia de Saneamento do
Parana (SANE PAR) dated July 3, 1987, providing for
preparatory activities aimed at setting forth the
conditions for entering into the Second Twinning
Contract, and the term "Second Twinning Contract" means
a contract for the purposes of securing the reciprocal
assistance between OSE and SANEPAR, or other water supply
company acceptable to the Bank, to be entered into for
purposes of the carrying out of Part A, Part B.2 and B.5
through B.8 and Part D of the Project;
     (g)  "Estatutos" means, the provisions of Section
5.01 (b) of this Agreement notwithstanding, the
Borrower's Law No. 11907 under which OSE was established
and the operations thereof regulated, as
amended as of the date hereof, and as such Law may be
changed as a result of carrying out the program under
Part A of the Project;
     (h)  "Committee" means the Committee established by
Resolution No. RD1947/87, dated August 12, 1987, of the
Board of OSE and the  term "Project Director" means the
member of the Committee other than the President and
General Manager of OSE; and
     (i)  "Departamento"  means  Gobierno  Departamental,
the Government of each of the Borrower's political
subdivisions.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower,  on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent t two million three hundred
thousand dollars ($22,300,000).
     Section 2.02.  (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or,  if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
1 to the Project Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan and in respect of interest and other
Page  4
charges on the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall,  for the purposes of the
ProJect, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in Banco Central del Uruguay on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule  3  to this Agreement.
     (c)  On each of the semiannual interest payment
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Loan Account and pay to itself the amounts required to
pay,  on such date,  interest and other charges on the
Loan accrued and payable on or before the date set forth,
and up  to the amount allocated,  in Schedule 1 to this
Agreement,  as such Schedule may be amended from time to
time by agreement between the Borrower and the Bank.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1996 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and OSE of such
later date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)   "Interest Period" means the six-month
                period commencing on each date specified
                in Section 2.06 of this Agreement
                including the Interest period in which
                this Agreement is signed.
         (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
                cost of the outstanding borrowings of
                the Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
                expressed as a percentage per annum, as
                reasonably determined by the Bank.
        (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or
                the second six months of a calendar
                year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
principal amount of the Loan in accordance with the
amortization schedule set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
Page  5
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment  to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 1  to  the Project Agreement, and to this
end, shall cause OSE, within  the limits of the
Borrower's constitutional rights, to carry out the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative,  financial,
engineering and public utility practices,  and shall
provide,  promptly as needed  the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation or restriction upon the
provision of paragraph (a) hereof, the Borrower shall
take all such action on its part as shall be necessary:
(i) to enable the formulation  of a tariff policy and
structure, and procedures, all as required under Part D.3
and Part D.4 of the Project,  and to establish such
policy, structure and procedures, promptly upon their
respective formulation, in a manner satisfactory to the
Borrower; and (ii) to enable OSE to comply with its
obligations under Sections 4. 02
4.03 and 4.04 of the Project Agreement.
     (c)  Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of paragraph (a) hereof, the Borrower shall
take all such action    as shall be necessary or
convenient on its part within the limits of the
Borrower's constitutional rights to ensure that OSE
attains the targets in respect of accounts receivable set
forth in schedule 3 to the Project Agreement,  including,
but not limited to, ensuring that the aggregate of its
accounts payable to OSE and those of the Borrower's
Departamentos and national agencies or subdivisions
thereof, as of December 31 in each applicable  year,
shall not exceed the average aggregate amount billed to
the Borrower, such Departamentos, agencies and
sub-divisions, during  each of the three last months of
the year in question, multiplied by the corresponding
factor shown in the aforesaid Schedule 3.
     (d)  Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of paragraph (a) hereof, and in order to
enable OSE to comply with its obligations pursuant to
Section 2.08  (ii)  of the  Project Agreement, the
Borrower shall afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity
to express its views on any tariff policy or structure or
procedures formulated under Parts D.3 and D.4 of the
Project
     Section 3.02. (a) The borrower shall transfer the
proceeds of the Loan to OSE for purposes of carrying out
the Project, under a
Subsidiary Loan Agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and OSE under terms and conditions which shall
have been approved by the Bank, which terms and
conditions shall provide, inter alia
          (i)   an amortization schedule coinciding with
                the amortization schedule set forth in
                Schedule 2 to this Agreement; and
         (ii)   that the Subsidiary Loan be denominated
                as a loan in an amount in various
                currencies equivalent to twenty-two
                million three hundred thousand dollars
                and that the principal of,  and the
                interest and other charges on, the
                Subsidiary Loan be payable by OSE to the
                Borrower in dollars,  under the same
                terms and conditions applicable to the
Page  6
                Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to
accomplish the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not
assign,  amend,  abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.03.  Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement.
     Section 3.04.  The Borrower and the Bank hereby
agree that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(related to insurance, use of goods and  services,  plans
and  schedules,  records  and  reports, maintenance, and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
shall be carried out by OSE pursuant to Section 2.04 of
the Project Agreement.
     Section 3.05.  The Borrower shall take all such
steps as shall be necessary to enable OSE to carry out
and implement, in accordance with Section 2.06 of the
Project Agreement, the recommendations of the program
referred to in Part A of the Project, including the
submission to the Borrower's Congress of appropriate
draft legislation in accordance with such Section 2.06 of
the Project Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01.  (a)  The Borrower shall maintain
separate records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the Borrower's
operations in respect of the Project.
     (b)  The Borrower shall
          (i)   have its records and accounts for the
                Project and the Special Account for each
                fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                appropriate auditing principles
                consistently applied,  by  independent
                auditors acceptable to the Bank;
         (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as
                available, but in any case not later
                than six months after the end of each
                such year,  the report of such audit by
                said auditors, of such scope and in such
                detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                requested; and
        (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other
                information concerning such records and
                accounts and the audit thereof as  the
                Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                request.
                       ARTICLE V
Page  7
                 Remedies of the Bank
    Section 5.01.   Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
    (a)   OSE shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
    (b)   the Estatutos shall have been modified so as to
affect adversely the execution of the Project,  the
achievement of the objectives thereof, or the performance
by 0SE of its obligations under the Project Agreement;
     (c)  as a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Loan Agreement,  an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that OSE will  be able  o perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
     (d)  OSE shall have been dissolved or disestablished
or any authority having jurisdiction over OSE shall have
taken any action for the suspension of its operations
and
     (e)  the Second Twinning Contract shall have not
been executed and delivered on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank on or before a date six months
after the date of this Agreement.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01  (h)  of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the events specified in paragraph  (a)  or
paragraph (b) or paragraph (e) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall have occurred and shall continue for a
period of sixty days after the Bank shall have given
notice thereof to the Borrower; and
     (b)  any event specified in paragraph (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The following event is specified as
an  additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01  (c)  of
the General Conditions, namely, that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been executed and delivered on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 6.02.  The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by OSE and is legally binding upon
OSE in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that  the  Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and OSE and
is legally binding upon the Borrower and OSE in
accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03.  The date July 14, 1988 is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
Page  8
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Minister of Transport and Public
Works of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 7.02.  The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministerio de Transporte y Obras Publicas
          Rincon 561 esq. Ituzaingo
          Montevideo
          Republica Oriental del Uruguay
Cable address:                     Telex:
                MINTRANSP                  398 22071
                Montevideo,  Uruguay
     With copy to:
          Ministerio de Economia y Finanzas
          Colonia 1089
          Montevideo
          Republica Oriental del Uruguay
          Cable address:           Telex:
                MINECON                 6269 MINECON UY
                Montevideo, Uruguay
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
                Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex
                INTBAFRAD               400098 (ITT)
                Washington, D.C.        248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY
                By /s/ Jorge Sanguinatti
                Authorized representative
Page  9
                INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                By /s/ Everardo Wessels
                Acting Regional Vice President
                Latin America and the Caribbean
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan,  the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                      Amount of the
                     Loan Allocated        % of
                     (Expressed in     Expenditures
     Category      Dollar Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)  Civil works     7,600,000           45%
(2)  Equipment,     10,000,000           100% of foreign
     materials and                       expenditures and
     other goods                         60% of local
                                         expenditures
(3)  Training and    3,700,000           100%
     supervision
     of works and
     other consulting
     services
(4)  Interest and    1,000,000           Amounts due pur-
     other charges                       suant to Section
     on the Loan                         2.02 (c) of this
     accrued on                          Agreement
     or before
     May 14, 1996
          TOTAL     22,300,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from
the territory of the Borrower.
Page  10
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph l above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement,
except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $250,000, may be made in
respect of Category (3) on account of payments made for
expenditures,  in respect of the First Twinning Contract,
before that date but after July 1, 1987.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                 Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                   (expressed in dollars)*
On each May 15 and November 15
     beginning November 15, 1992             860,000
     through November 15, 2004               800,000
On May 15, 2005
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal.  See General Conditions,  Sections
     3.04 and 4.03
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
Time of Prepayment                       Premium
                                   The interest rate
                                   (expressed as a
                                   percentage per
                                   annum) applicable to
                                   the balance
                                   outstanding on the
                                   Loan  on the day of
                                   prepayment
                                   multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.18
     before maturity
More than three years but                    0.35
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but not                  0.65
     more than eleven years
     before maturity
More than eleven years but not               0.88
     more than fifteen years
     before maturity
More than fifteen years                      1.00
     before maturity
Page  11
                      SCHEDULE 3
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1), (2) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule l to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule l to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation,  the Bank
shall,  on behalf of the Borrower,  withdraw from the
Loan Account and deposit  in the Special Account such
amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify. On the basis of such
requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account such amounts as
shall be required to replenish the Special Account with
amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made out of
the Special Account for eligible expenditures. All such
deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective  eligible  Categories,  and
in the  respective  equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by the evidence supporting the request for
such deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, the Bank may deny any request for a
further deposit into the  Special Account when either of
the following situations arises:
         (i)    the Bank shall have determined that all
                further withdrawals should be made by
Page  12
                the Borrower directly from the Loan
                Account in accordance with the
                provisions of Article V of the General
                Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
                2.02 of this Agreement; or
        (ii)    the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
                allocated to the eligible Categories
                minus the amount of any outstanding
                special commitment entered into by the
                Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
                General Conditions with respect to the
                Project, shall be equal to the
                equivalent of twice the amount of the
                Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter,  withdrawal from the Loan Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures
as the Bank shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such
further withdrawals shall be made only after and to the
extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account
as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule,  or  (ii) was
not justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 of this Schedule,  the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Bank,  deposit into  the
Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request. refund
to the Banks an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. No further deposit by the
Bank into the Special Account shall be made until the
Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures,  the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account for its immediate
cancellation.
