Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2192 GH
             (Second Transport Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                     GHANA RAILWAY CORPORATION
                      Dated December 21, 1990
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2192 GH
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 21, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and GHANA RAILWAY
CORPORATION (GRC).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Ghana (the Borrower) and the Associa-
tion, the Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to sixty-nine million
Special Drawing Rights (SDR 69,000,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition
that GRC agrees to undertake such obligations toward the Association
as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and GRC, part of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be made
available to GRC on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS GRC, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. GRC declares its commitment to the objectives of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out Part E of the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appro-
priate administrative, financial, engineering and railway management
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for Part E of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. GRC shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Part E
of the Project.
      Section 2.04. GRC shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, GRC shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) GRC shall, at the request of the Associa-
tion, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part E of the Project, the performance of its obliga-
tions under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement,
and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   GRC shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part E of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by GRC of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. GRC shall complete the strengthening of the
bridges on the Western line not later than December 31, 1992.
      Section 2.07. GRC shall continue to sign annual performance
agreements with the Borrower.
                           ARTICLE III
                 Management and Operations of GRC
      Section 3.01. GRC shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial,
Page  3
engineering and railway management practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff
in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. GRC shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
transportation practices.
      Section 3.03. GRC shall take out and maintain with responsible
insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the Association
for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) GRC shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   GRC shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fis-
                  cal year audited, in accordance with appro-
                  priate auditing principles consistently applied,
                  by independent auditors acceptable to the  Asso-
                  ciation;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GRC shall maintain, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1990, a ratio of total working
expenses to total operating revenues not higher than the percentages
specified below in respect of the following fiscal years:
            (i)   161% in fiscal year 1991;
           (ii)   142% in fiscal year 1992;
          (iii)   97% in fiscal year 1993;
           (iv)   81% in fiscal year 1994; and
            (v)   76% in fiscal year 1995 and each following fiscal
                  year.
      (b)   Before May 31 in each of its fiscal years, GRC shall, on
the basis of forecasts prepared by GRC and satisfactory to the
Association, ascertain whether it would meet the requirements set
forth in paragraph (a) of this Section in respect of such year.
Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, GRC shall on the
basis of the said forecasts, ascertain whether it would meet the
said requirements in respect of the next following fiscal year. GRC
shall furnish to the Association the results of each such review
Page  4
upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that GRC would not meet the
requirements set forth in said paragraph (a) for GRC's fiscal year
covered by the review, GRC shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including adjustments of the structure or levels of its
tariffs) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "total working expenses" means all
                  expenses related to operations, including admin-
                  istration, adequate maintenance, taxes and pay-
                  ments in lieu of taxes, but excluding provision
                  for depreciation and interest and other charges
                  on debt.
           (ii)   The term "total operating revenues" means reve-
                  nues from all sources related to operations.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GRC shall not, as from fiscal year 1995, incur any debt, if
after the incurrence of such debt the ratio of debt to equity shall
be greater than 55 to 45.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of GRC
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
          (iii)   The term "equity" means the sum of the total
                  unimpaired paid-up capital, retained earnings and
                  reserves of GRC not allocated to cover specific
                  liabilities.
           (iv)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                  able to the Association.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GRC shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of
the revenues and expenditures of GRC shows that the estimated net
revenues of GRC for each fiscal year during the term of the debt to
be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the estimated debt service
requirements of GRC in such year on all debt of GRC including the
debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of GRC
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
Page  5
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
          (iii)   The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources relat-
                        ed to operations and net non-operating
                        income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions including administration, adequate
                        maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, but excluding provision for depreci-
                        ation, other non-cash operating charges and
                        interest and other charges on debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate of repayments (including sinking fund
                  payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
           (vi)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
                  prepared by GRC not earlier than twelve months
                  prior to the incurrence of the debt in question,
                  which both the Association and GRC accept as
                  reasonable and as to which the Association has
                  notified GRC of its acceptability, provided that
                  no event has occurred since such notification
                  which has, or may reasonably be expected in the
                  future to have, a material adverse effect on the
                  financial condition or future operating results
                  of the Association.
          (vii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Borrower, debt payable in another
                  currency, such valuation shall be made on the
                  basis of the prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                  at which such other currency is, at the time of
                  such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
                  servicing such debt, or, in the absence of such
                  rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange accept-
                  able to the Association.
      Section 4.05. (a) GRC shall observe the financial, operational
and traffic targets set out in the Schedule to this Agreement,
subject to such modifications as GRC and the Association may agree
from time to time.
      (b)   With respect to the staff levels set forth in the
Schedule to this Agreement, GRC shall: (i) furnish to the Associa-
tion its updated version of the previously prepared manpower study;
(ii) prepare not later than June 30, 1991, a staff reduction plan
acceptable to the Association; and (iii) implement said plan
thereafter.
      Section 4.06. (a) GRC shall:
Page  6
            (i)   make any adjustments required in its tariffs in
                  order to meet its obligations under Sections
                  4.02, 4.03 and 4.04 of this Agreement in respect
                  of a fiscal year not later than January 1 of such
                  year;
           (ii)   on the basis of the costs of services and market
                  conditions, revise, as necessary, its tariff
                  structure to the satisfaction of the Association;
          (iii)   ensure that its revised tariffs for passenger
                  traffic on the Western Line cover 100% of its
                  variable costs in 1991 and 1992 (excluding depre-
                  ciation) and, starting in 1993, cover a propor-
                  tion of its fixed costs as well, namely 14% in
                  1993, 19% in 1994, 26% in 1995 and 30% in 1996
                  and the years thereafter; and
           (iv)   ensure that its revised tariffs for passenger
                  traffic on the Central and Eastern Lines cover
                  100% of its variable costs in 1994 and 1995
                  (excluding depreciation) and, starting in 1996,
                  cover a proportion of its fixed costs as well,
                  namely 14% in 1996, 19% in 1997, 26% in 1998 and
                  30% in 1999 and the years thereafter.
      (b)   GRC shall, no later than May 31 and October 31 of each
year, furnish to the Association, semiannually: (i) GRC's investment
plan, financial projections and monitoring targets for the current
fiscal year and the next following three fiscal years, together with
an explanation of any failure or inability on the part of GRC to
attain the said targets; and (ii) details of any measures GRC
proposes to take in order to attain the performance and financial
targets required by this Agreement.
      Section 4.07. GRC shall: (i) revalue its fixed assets annually
by indexation according to procedures or formula satisfactory to GRC
and the Association; and (ii) take a physical inventory whenever the
Association or GRC shall consider it necessary.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of GRC thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit Agree-
                  ment shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date 20 years after the date of this Agree-
                  ment.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify GRC of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
Page  7
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by
notice to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For GRC:
            The Managing Director
            Ghana Railway Corporation
            P.O. Box 251
            Takoradi, Ghana
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  RAILCHIEF                  2437 RAILTK
                  Takoradi
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of GRC may be taken or executed by the Managing
Director or such other person or persons as GRC shall designate in
writing, and GRC shall furnish to the Association sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  GHANA RAILWAY CORPORATION
                  By /s/ Joseph L. S. Abbey
Page  8
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
             Financial, Operation and Traffic Targets
                                     1991  1992  1993  1994  1995
1.    Staff at end of                6,500 6,375 6,250 6,125 6,000
      calendar year
2.    Account Receivables              10%   10%   10%   10%   10%
      (Percentage of total
      revenues at the end
      of year)*
3.    Mainline Locomotive
      Availability
      (a) More than 10                 50    63    64    65    65
          years old
      (b) Less than 10                 60    73    74    75    75
          years old
4.    Mainline Locomotives             240   260   275   280   280
      (kms/day)
5.    Wagons availability
      (a) More than 20                 56    59    62    65    65
          years
      (b) Less than 20                 82    83    84    85    85
          years
6.    Total Traffic
      Freight ('000 tons)             810   903  1,248 1,470 1,525
      Passenger (Millions)            3.0   4.0    6.0   6.6   7.0
      Tonne-Kms (Millions)            144   163    252   304   317
      Passenger-Kms (Millions)        270   360    540   600   630
______________________
*     No individual account should be more than six months
      outstanding.
