Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2545 GUA
                   Development Credit Agreement
     (Sugar Industry Restructuring and Privatization Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                     Dated September 29, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2545 GUA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 29, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF
GUYANA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a letter dated
August 9, 1993, from the Borrower: (i) describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies related to the restructuring and
privatization of the Borrower's sugar industry, which includes a
number of actions to be supported or carried out under the Project
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and (ii) declaring the
Borrower's commitment to the execution of such program;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Caribbean
Development Bank (CDB), a loan (the CDB Loan) in an amount equiva-
lent to $3,000,000 to assist in financing the Project, on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and CDB (the CDB Loan Agreement);
      (C)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
Page  2
financing of the Project; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "CARICOM" means the Caribbean Common Market created by
the General Treaty for the Caribbean Community signed at Chaguramas,
Trinidad and Tobago, on July 4, 1970, by Antigua, The Bahamas,
Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Montserrat,
St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and
Trinidad and Tobago;
      (b)   "C.i.f." means cost, insurance and freight trade term as
adopted by the "Guide to Incoterms" published by the International
Chamber of Commerce of Paris in 1990;
      (c)   "Ex factory" means the ex works trade term as adopted by
the "Guide to Incoterms" published by the International Chamber of
Commerce of Paris in 1990;
      (d)   "GUYSUCO" means Guyana Sugar Corporation Limited, a
private company by shares under the Borrower's Companies Act
(Chapter 89:01), incorporated on May 21, 1976;
      (e)   "LIBOR" means a London interbank offered rate for six-
month dollar deposits, expressed as a percentage per annum,
satisfactory to the Association;
      (f)   "Management Services Contract" means the contract for
the management of GUYSUCO referred to in Section 3.02 (a) (ii) (A)
of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to that
contract;
      (g)   "Privatization Board" means the board, chaired by the
Borrower's Minister of Finance, referred to in Section 3.05 (a) of
this Agreement;
      (h)   "Privatization Unit" means the unit, within the
Borrower's Ministry of Finance, referred to in Section 3.05 of this
Agreement;
      (i)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (j)   "Subsidiary Loan" means the loan to be made under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined);
      (k)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and GUYSUCO pursuant to Section
3.02 (a) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements supplemen-
tal to that agreement; and
      (l)   "Sugar Levy" means the levy established by the
Page  3
Borrower's Sugar Levy Act of 1974, as amended.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to ten million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 10,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Bank of
Guyana on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1996 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the Accrual Date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the Accrual Date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1 commencing
January 1, 2004 and ending July 1, 2033. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on July 1, 2013 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
Page  4
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 Dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. GUYSUCO is designated as representative of the
Borrower, in respect of Part A of the Project, for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project, as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
      (a)   shall carry out Part B of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative and
financial practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for such
Part of the Project;
      (b)   shall cause GUYSUCO to carry out Part A of the Project,
pursuant to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate technical, engineer-
ing, administrative, financial and environmental practices;
      (c)   shall take or cause to be taken all action, including
the provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable GUYSUCO to carry out Part A of
the Project; and
      (d)   shall not take or permit to be taken any action which
would prevent or interfere with the carrying out by GUYSUCO of Part
A of the Project.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall transfer the proceeds of
the Credit allocated from time to time to Category (1) of the table
set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement to GUYSUCO,
under a subsidiary loan agreement containing terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including, inter alia, the
following:
            (i)    financial conditions whereby:
Page  5
                   (A)   the Subsidiary Loan shall be denominated
                         in Dollars;
                   (B)   GUYSUCO shall pay interest on the out-
                         standing amount of the Subsidiary Loan at
                         a rate equivalent to LIBOR plus two per-
                         centage points;
                   (C)   interest shall be payable on October 31
                         and April 30 in each year; and
                   (D)   GUYSUCO shall repay to the Borrower the
                         principal amount of the Subsidiary Loan in
                         equal installments payable on each October
                         31 and April 30, commencing October 31,
                         1996 and ending April 30, 2003;
           (ii)    provisions whereby GUYSUCO shall be obligated,
                   inter alia, to:
                   (A)   by no later than October 31, 1993, jointly
                         with the Borrower, enter into a management
                         services contract, with a firm acceptable
                         to the Association and under terms and
                         conditions satisfactory to the Associa-
                         tion, such contract to include provisions
                         whereby it shall:
                         (1)   be in force until the completion of
                               the Project or the conclusion of the
                               privatization process of GUYSUCO,
                               whichever occurs first; and
                         (2)   include the formulation of opera-
                               tional plans covering the technical,
                               human resources, financial and com-
                               mercial aspects of GUYSUCO's activi-
                               ties, to ensure its optimal opera-
                               tion;
                   (B)   by no later than November 30, February 28,
                         May 31 and August 31 of each year, during
                         the execution of Part A of the Project,
                         furnish to the Association progress re-
                         ports with regard to the quarters ending
                         September 30, December 31, March 31 and
                         June 30, respectively, including all the
                         necessary data and information on the
                         execution of such Part of the Project and
                         GUYSUCO's operating results and financial
                         position;
                   (C)   comply with the obligations set forth in
                         Sections 3.03, 3.04, 3.06, 3.11, 3.14,
                         4.02 and 5.01 of this Agreement; and
                   (D)   provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                         facilities, services and other resources
                         required for carrying out Part A of the
                         Project, including, if necessary, the
                         funds referred to in paragraph (i) of
                         Section 6.01 (g) of this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Page  6
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Association and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, and
9.07 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, and
maintenance, respectively), in respect of Part A of the Project,
shall be carried out by GUYSUCO.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall maintain a board, with
composition, functions and responsibilities satisfactory to the
Association, including the following functions and responsibilities:
            (i)    carry out Part B of the Project, under terms of
                   reference satisfactory to the Association;
           (ii)    promptly after the completion of each
                   consultants' contract, furnish to the Associ-
                   ation copy of the respective findings and recom-
                   mendations;
          (iii)    afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
                   to comment on such findings and recommendations;
           (iv)    implement the recommendations of such consul-
                   tants, taking into account the Association's
                   comments thereon;
            (v)    prepare and present the reports referred to in
                   Section 3.13 of this Agreement; and
           (vi)    oversee the restructuring and privatization
                   process of GUYSUCO approved by the Association.
      (b)   By no later than November 30, 1993, the Borrower shall
establish and thereafter maintain a unit, with qualified staff in
adequate numbers, satisfactory to the Association, in order to
assist the Privatization Board in the carrying out of all its
functions and responsibilities.
      (c)   The Borrower shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
discharge of the functions of the Privatization Board and the
Privatization Unit.
      Section 3.06. With regard to Part A of the Project, the
Borrower, jointly with GUYSUCO, shall, by no later than December 31
of each year, until the completion of the Project or the conclusion
of the privatization process of GUYSUCO, whichever occurs first,
furnish to the Association, for its review and approval:
      (a)   an annual capital budget for GUYSUCO, including a
specific list of equipment, machinery and spare parts to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit; and
      (b)   an annual operating budget for GUYSUCO, providing for
amounts sufficient to carry out such Part of the Project and to
cover GUYSUCO's normal operating costs, including the required
foreign exchange,both for the upcoming calendar year.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Part B of the Project, the
Borrower shall, by no later than December 31, 1993, contract and
thereafter retain the consultants required to assist the Borrower in
carrying out such Part of the Project, as provided by Section II of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement, such contracts to include provisions
whereby the consultants shall be obligated, inter alia:
      (a)   to propose action plans, satisfactory to the
Association, for the execution of such Part of the Project,
including all activities to be carried out, timetables for their
implementation, evaluation criteria, and performance indicators; and
Page  7
      (b)   to complete their activities with respect to the
restructuring and privatization process of GUYSUCO, as follows:
            (i)    Parts B.1, B.2 (a), B.2 (b), B.2 (c) and B.2
                   (d), by no later than July 31, 1994;
           (ii)    Parts B.2 (e), B.2 (f) and B.2 (g), by no later
                   than October 31, 1994; and
          (iii)    Parts B.2. (h) and B.2 (i), by no later than
                   March 31, 1995.
      Section 3.08. With regard to Part B.1 of the Project, the
Borrower shall:
      (a)   by no later than July 31, 1994, furnish to the
Association, for its review and approval, a draft regulatory
framework for its sugar industry, including, inter alia: (i)
elimination of sugar import restrictions; (ii) elimination of
foreign exchange restrictions; and (iii) redetermination of the
Sugar Levy formula; and
      (b)   by no later than September 15, 1994: (i) put into effect
the regulatory framework referred to in paragraph (a) above, satis-
factory to the Association, to the extent that no enactment of
legislation is required; and (ii) submit to the Borrower's
Parliament a legislative proposal, satisfactory to the Association,
concerning components of such regulatory framework that require
enactment of legislation.
      Section 3.09. With regard to Part B.2 (d) of the Project, the
Borrower shall, by no later than September 15, 1994, determine the
capital share of GUYSUCO, satisfactory to the Association, with
respect to which proposals will be requested under Part B.2 (e) of
the Project, all in accordance with the action plans referred to in
Section 3.07 (a), as approved by the Association.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall, by no later than March 31,
1995, take all action necessary or advisable to complete the
execution of Part B.2 of the Project, in accordance with the action
plans prepared by the consultants hired under the Project, pursuant
to Section 3.07 (a) of this Agreement, as approved by the
Association.
      Section 3.11. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   by no later than December 31, 1993, jointly with
GUYSUCO, furnish to the Association, for its review and approval,
terms of reference for an environmental assessment of its sugar
industry;
      (b)   by no later than May 31, 1994, jointly with GUYSUCO,
carry out such environmental assessment, in accordance with the
terms of reference approved by the Association, such environmental
assessment to include the review of contingent liabilities of
GUYSUCO for possible environmental problems; and
      (c)   cause GUYSUCO to implement the mitigatory measures that
according to such environmental assessment might be necessary or
appropriate, in accordance with a timetable satisfactory to the
Association.
      Section 3.12. The Borrower shall, by no later than October 31,
1993, jointly with GUYSUCO, complete and furnish to the Association,
for its review and approval, a report on policy and program in
respect of the health services in the sugar industry, and upon the
Association's approval, implement the findings and recommendations
of such report, in accordance with a timetable satisfactory to the
Association.
      Section 3.13. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Page  8
Section 9.06 of the General Conditions, by no later than October 31,
January 31, April 30 and July 31 of each year, during the execution
of the Project, the Borrower, through the Privatization Board, shall
furnish to the Association, for its review and comment, a report on
the progress achieved by the Borrower in carrying out Part B of the
Project, with regard to the quarters ending September 30, Decem-
ber 31, March 31 and June 30, respectively, of such scope and in
such detail as the Association may reasonably request, including a
detailed review of the overall advance in the restructuring and
privatization process of GUYSUCO.
      Section 3.14. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower, jointly with
GUYSUCO, shall:
      (a)   by no later than September 15, 1994, review, in
conjunction with the Association, the progress in the execution of
the Project, of the Borrower's and GUYSUCO's obligations set forth
or referred to in this Agreement, the achievement of the objectives
of the Project, and the findings and recommendations of the
consultants hired under the Project; and
      (b)   if, as a result of the above review, the Association
determines that the progress in the execution of the Project or in
the achievement of its objectives is not satisfactory, the Borrower
shall promptly take or cause GUYSUCO to take all such remedial
action, satisfactory to the Association, as shall be necessary for
the efficient execution of the Project or the achievement of its
objectives.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of Part B of the Project of the depart-
ments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out such
Part of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as avail-
                   able, but in any case not later than six months
                   after the end of each such year, a certified
                   copy of the report of such audit by said audi-
                   tors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning said records, accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                   to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall cause GUYSUCO to maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations and financial condition of
GUYSUCO, including separate records and accounts in respect of Part
A of the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause GUYSUCO to:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial state-
                   ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
Page  9
                   expenses and related statements) and the records
                   and accounts for the Special Account for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with appro-
                   priate auditing principles consistently applied,
                   by independent auditors acceptable to the Asso-
                   ciation;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other informa-
                   tion concerning such records, accounts, finan-
                   cial statements and the audit thereof as the
                   Association shall from time to time reasonably
                   request.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause GUYSUCO:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound technical, engineering, administrative,
financial and environmental practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers; and
      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound technical, engineering,
administrative, financial and environmental practices.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Management Services Contract shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect,
in the opinion of the Association, materially and adversely the
operations or the financial condition of GUYSUCO or its ability to
carry out Part A of the Project or to perform any of its obligations
under this Agreement and the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower or GUYSUCO shall have failed to perform any
of their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (c)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that GUYSUCO will be able to perform
its obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (d)   any action shall have been taken for the liquidation,
dissolution or disestablishment of GUYSUCO or for the suspension of
its operations;
      (e)   the Borrower's Parliament shall have failed to enact, by
Page  10
October 31, 1994, the legislation referred to in Section 3.08 (b)
(ii) of this Agreement;
      (f)   the CDB Loan Agreement shall have failed to become
effective by December 31, 1993 or such later date as the Association
may agree, provided, however, that the provisions of this paragraph
shall not apply if the Borrower and GUYSUCO establish to the
satisfaction of the Association that adequate funds for the Project
are available to the Borrower and GUYSUCO from other sources, on
terms and conditions consistent with the obligations of the Borrower
and GUYSUCO set forth or referred to in this Agreement; and
       (g)  (i)    subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A) the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                   proceeds of the CDB Loan shall have been sus-
                   pended, cancelled or terminated in whole or in
                   part, pursuant to the terms thereof; or (B) the
                   CDB Loan shall have become due and payable prior
                   to the agreed maturity thereof;
           (ii)    Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                   faction of the Association that: (A) such sus-
                   pension, cancellation or termination is not
                   caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                   any of its obligations under the CDB Loan Agree-
                   ment; and (B) adequate funds for the Project are
                   available to the Borrower from other sources on
                   terms and conditions consistent with the obliga-
                   tions of the Borrower and GUYSUCO set forth or
                   referred to in this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of thirty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   the events specified in paragraphs (d) or (e) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (g) (i) (B) of Section
6.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (g) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following event is specified as an addition-
al condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and GUYSUCO.
      Section 7.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and
GUYSUCO and is legally binding upon the Borrower and GUYSUCO in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 7.03. The date December 29, 1993 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
Page  11
      Section 8.01. Except as provided by Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Ministry of Finance
            Main and Urquart Streets
            Georgetown
            Guyana
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MIFIN                     3038
                   Guyana
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                         By /s/ Asgar Ally
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
Page  12
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Goods                    9,370,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
(2)   Consultants'               730,000        100% of foreign
      services                                  expenditures
(3)   Unallocated                800,000
                               _________
           TOTAL              10,900,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule the term "foreign expendi-
tures" means expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from the
territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed SDR 1,000,000 may be made in respect of Category (1) of the
table set forth in paragraph 1 hereof, on account of payments made
for expenditures before that date but after July 1, 1993; and
      (b)   payments made for expenditures under Category (1) of the
table set forth in paragraph 1 hereof, unless the Association shall
have approved the annual capital budget for GUYSUCO (including the
list of equipment, machinery and spare parts) referred to in Section
3.06 (a) of this Agreement, for the respective year.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) maintain GUYSUCO's
present level of production; and (b) ensure the long-term technical
and financial viability of the sugar industry of the Borrower,
through the restructuring and privatization of GUYSUCO.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Capital Investment
Stabilization of GUYSUCO's present level of production through a
capital investment program for urgently needed equipment, machinery
and spare parts.
Part B:     Technical Assistance
1.   Establishment of the regulatory framework for the sugar
industry of the Borrower, including, inter alia, the following
subjects:
      (a)   access to preferential sugar markets;
      (b)   access to foreign exchange;
      (c)   determination of the Sugar Levy formula;
      (d)   ownership, lease and use of land and water;
      (e)   corporate taxes;
      (f)   labor relations;
Page  13
      (g)   cane payment formula; and
      (h)   sugar importation policy and local sugar prices.
2.   Preparation and implementation of a program to restructure and
privatize the sugar industry of the Borrower, including, inter alia:
      (a)   an analysis and supporting documentation of the
financial, economic and social impact of alternatives for the
restructuring and privatization process of GUYSUCO;
      (b)   a benchmark valuation of GUYSUCO;
      (c)   an employee stock ownership plan, or a similar mecha-
nism, for employees of GUYSUCO;
      (d)   a determination of the capital share of GUYSUCO to be
offered for sale;
      (e)   the request for proposals and other necessary
documentation for the restructuring and privatization process of
GUYSUCO, including, inter alia, placement memoranda or prospectus;
      (f)   an evaluation criteria system for the assessment of
proposals from prospective private investors;
      (g)   a promotional strategy and campaign and disclosure of
information policies, for purposes of public offerings;
      (h)   a search of prospective private investors in domestic
and international capital markets; and
      (i)   assistance for negotiations with prospective private
investors and arrangements for ownership transfer and payment of
equity shares.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1996.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, the Borrower shall use relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use standard bidding
documents based on other internationally recognized standard forms
Page  14
agreed with the Association.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers and Regional
            Manufacturers
1.    For the purposes of evaluation and comparison of bids for the
supply of goods: (a) bidders shall be required to state in their bid
the C.i.f. (port of entry) price for imported goods, or the Ex-
factory price for domestically-manufactured goods; (b) customs
duties and other import taxes on imported goods, and sales and
similar taxes on domestically-supplied goods, shall be excluded; and
(c) the cost to the Borrower of inland freight and other expendi-
tures incidental to the delivery of goods to the place of their use
or installation shall be included.
2.    For goods manufactured in Guyana and in member countries of
CARICOM, the Borrower may grant a margin of preference in accordance
with, and subject to, the following provisions:
      (a)   All bidding documents for the procurement of goods shall
clearly indicate any preference which will be granted, the informa-
tion required to establish the eligibility of a bid for such
preference and the following methods and stages that will be
followed in the evaluation and comparison of bids.
      (b)   After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in
one of the following groups:
            (i)    Group A: bids offering goods manufactured in
                   Guyana, if the bidder shall have established to
                   the satisfaction of the Borrower and the Associ-
                   ation that the manufacturing cost of such goods
                   includes a value added in Guyana equal to at
                   least 20% of the Ex-factory bid price of such
                   goods.
           (ii)    Group B: all other bids offering goods from
                   within Guyana.
          (iii)    Group C: bids offering goods manufactured in a
                   country, other than Guyana, which is a party to
                   CARICOM and entitled to preferential tariffs
                   thereunder.
           (iv)    Group D: bids offering any other goods.
      (c)   All evaluated bids in each group shall be first compared
among themselves, excluding any customs duties and other import
taxes on goods to be imported and any sales or similar taxes on
goods to be supplied domestically, to determine the lowest evaluated
bid of each group. The lowest evaluated bid of each group shall then
be compared with each other, and if, as a result of this comparison,
a bid from group A or group B is the lowest, it shall be selected
for the award.
      (d)   If, as a result of the comparison under paragraph (c)
above, the lowest bid is a bid from group C or group D, all group C
and group D bids shall be further compared with the lowest evaluated
bid from group A or group B after adding to the C.i.f. bid price of
the imported goods offered in each group C and group D bid, for the
purposes of this further comparison only, an amount equal to the
smaller of: (i) the amount of customs duties and other import taxes
which a nonexempt importer would have to pay for the importation of
the goods offered in such group C or group D bid; or (ii) 15% of the
C.i.f. bid price of such goods if said customs duties and taxes
exceed 15% of such price. If the group A bid or a group C bid is the
lowest in such further comparison, it shall be selected for the
award.
      (e)   If, as a result of the further comparison under
paragraph (d) above, a bid from group D is the lowest, all group D
bids shall be finally compared with the lowest bid from group C, as
Page  15
determined under paragraph (c) above, after adding to the C.i.f. bid
price of goods to be imported offered in each group D bid, for the
purposes of this final comparison only, an amount equal to the
smaller of: (i) the difference between the amount of customs duties
and other import taxes which would actually be payable for the
importation of goods offered in such group D bid and for the
importation of goods offered in the group C bid; or (ii) 15% of the
C.i.f. bid price of goods to be imported offered in such group D
bid. If the lowest bid in such comparison is the group C bid, it
shall be selected for purposes of award; if not, the lowest bid from
group D, as determined under paragraph (c) above, shall be selected
for purposes of award.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $100,000
but less than $500,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $11,000,000, may be procured under limited interna-
tional bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison
of bids invited from a number, satisfactory to the Association, of
qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $2,000,000, may be
procured: (a) on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers, from at least two
different countries, eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Association; and (b) by direct
negotiation, in the case of proprietary components.
Part D:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract awarded under Parts A
and C.1 above; (ii) each contract awarded under Part C.2 (a) above,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more; and (iii) each
contract awarded under Part C.2 (b) above, estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or more, the procedures set forth in para-
graphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
3.    The figure of 10% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in the carrying out of
Part B of the Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be
selected in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory
to the Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Page  16
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
2.    For complex, time based-assignments, the Borrower shall employ
such consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultant's services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank,
the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $50,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Association review
shall not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts nor to
the employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms,
to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Bank and to amendments of contracts raising the contract value to
$50,000 equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories (1) and
(2) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the Eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pur-
                   suant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which replen-
                   ishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
Page  17
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for Eligible Expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective Eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
Eligible Expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the Eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the Eligible Catego-
ries shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
Page  18
General Conditions.\1a
