Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2467 GH
                   Development Credit Agreement
                (National Electrification Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 9, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2467 GH
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 9, 1993, between  REPUBLIC OF GHANA (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Caisse
Centrale de Cooperation Economique (CCCE) a grant (the CCCE Grant)
in an amount equivalent to $5,000,000 to assist in financing the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
CCCE Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
CCCE; and
      (C)   Parts A and B of the Project will be carried out by the
Electricity Corporation of Ghana (ECG) and Parts C and D of the
Project will be carried out by the Volta River Authority (VRA), all
with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the
Borrower will make available to ECG and VRA the proceeds of the
Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the ECG Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and ECG, and
the VRA Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Association and VRA;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Clearing House System" means the Cross-Debt Clearing
House System, established pursuant to the Letter of Intent, dated
April 4, 1989, among the Borrower, ECG, VRA and the Ghana Water and
Sewerage Corporation;
      (b)   "ECG" means the Electricity Corporation of Ghana, a
corporate entity established and operating pursuant to the
Borrower's Electricity Corporation of Ghana Decree, 1967 (N.L.C.D.
125), as amended;
      (c)   "ECG Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and ECG, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the ECG Project Agreement;
      (d)   "ECG Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (e)   "ECG Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and ECG pursuant to Section
3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules to the ECG Subsidiary
Loan Agreement;
      (f)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated January 16, 1992 and
January 17, 1992 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (g)   "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred to in
Sections 2.02 (b) and (c) of this Agreement;
      (h)   "Tariffs" means the tariffs applied by ECG and VRA for
the provision of electricity to their customers (other than exports,
and sales to the Volta Aluminum Company, by VRA);
      (i)   "Tariff Formula" means the formula and procedures for
establishing the average revenue from Tariffs for each customer
category, as agreed upon with the Association;
      (j)   "VRA" means the Volta River Authority, a body corporate
established and operating pursuant to the Borrower's Volta River
Development Act, 1961 (Act 46), as amended;
      (k)   "VRA Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and VRA of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the VRA Project Agreement;
Page  3
      (l)   "VRA Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (c) of this Agreement; and
      (m)   "VRA Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower and VRA pursuant to Section
3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes all schedules to the VRA Subsidiary
Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fifty-five million two hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 55,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A and B of
the Project, open and maintain in the name of ECG a special deposit
account in Dollars in a commercial bank on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate protection
against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments
out of, such special deposit account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts C and D o
f
the Project, open and maintain in the name of VRA a special deposit
account in Dollars in a commercial bank on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate protection
against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments
out of, such special deposit account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be September 30, 1998 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above.  The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
Page  4
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15,
commencing August 15, 2003 and ending February 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 15,
2013 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) ECG is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Parts A and B of the Project for the purposes
of taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
      (b)   VRA is designated as representative of the Borrower in
respect of Parts C and D of the Project for the purposes of taking
any action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Page  5
Agreement and, to this end, without any limitation or restriction
upon any of its other obligations under the Development Credit
Agreement, shall cause ECG and VRA to perform in accordance with the
provisions of the ECG Project Agreement and the VRA Project
Agreement, respectively, all the obligations of ECG and VRA therein
set forth, shall take or cause to be taken all action, including the
provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable ECG and VRA to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend a portion of the proceeds of
the Credit to ECG under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and ECG, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association which shall include
provisions requiring the repayment by ECG of principal in 20 years,
including 5 years of grace, payment of interest at the rate of 7.60%
per annum, and the foreign exchange risk to be borne by ECG.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend a portion of the proceeds of
the Credit to VRA under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and VRA, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association which shall include
provisions requiring the repayment by VRA of principal in 20 years,
including 5 years of grace, payment of interest at the rate of 7.60%
per annum, and the foreign exchange risk to be borne by VRA.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the ECG
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the ECG
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      (e)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the VRA
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the VRA
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the ECG Project
Agreement and the VRA Project Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Association and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of: (a)
Parts A and B of the Project shall be carried out by ECG pursuant to
Section 2.03 of the ECG Project Agreement; and (b) Parts C and D of
the Project shall be carried out by VRA pursuant to Section 2.03 of
the VRA Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall settle all bills payable
through the Clearing House System on a monthly basis.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall establish, not later than
December 31, 1993, and thereafter implement, a scheme for the
financing of internal house wiring, with terms of reference
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall carry out, jointly with
the Association, VRA and ECG, not earlier than 22 months and not
later than 28 months following the Effective Date, a mid-term review
of the progress made in carrying out the Project. This review shall
cover, among other things: (i) the performance of ECG and VRA in
carrying out the Project; (ii) the extent to which the institutional
objectives of the Project have been achieved; (iii) the performance
Page  6
of the management contractor employed by ECG under the Project; (iv)
compliance with the financial, audit and other obligations of the
Borrower, ECG and VRA included in this Agreement, the ECG Project
Agreement and the VRA Project Agreement; (v) the structure and level
of Tariffs; (vi) the evolution of key performance indicators; (vii)
procurement under the Project; (viii) the provision of funds for the
Project by the Borrower, ECG and VRA; (ix) the recommendations of
the scheme of service study to be carried out under Part A.1(d) of
the Project; (x) progress in executing the Borrower's Power Sector
Master Planning Study; and (xi) plans for the further implementation
of the Borrower's National Electrification Scheme.
      (b)   The Borrower shall transmit to the Association, at least
30 days prior to such review, a report, in scope and detail
satisfactory to the Association, prepared by ECG and VRA, describing
the status of progress regarding the items listed in paragraph (a)
above and of Project implementation generally.
      (c)   Based on such review, the Borrower shall, jointly with
VRA and ECG, promptly prepare an action plan, acceptable to the
Association, for the further implementation of the Project, and
shall thereafter implement such action plan.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    cause to be maintained in accordance with sound
                   accounting practices, records and accounts
                   reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                   at least one year after the Association has
                   received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                   which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                   Account was made; and
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                   the Special Accounts for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than six months after
                   the end of each such year the report of such
                   audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                   such detail as the Association shall have
                   reasonably requested, including a separate
                   opinion by said auditors as to whether the
                   statements of expenditure submitted during such
                   fiscal year, together with the procedures and
                   internal controls involved in their preparation,
                   can be relied upon to support the related
                   withdrawals; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records and accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
Page  7
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   ECG or VRA shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the ECG Project Agreement or VRA Project
Agreement, respectively;
      (b)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that ECG or VRA
will be able to perform its obligations under the ECG Project
Agreement or VRA Project Agreement, respectively;
      (c)   the Electricity Corporation of Ghana Decree, 1967
(N.L.C.D. 125), as amended to September 30, 1992, shall have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of ECG to perform any of its
obligations under the ECG Project Agreement;
      (d)   the Volta River Development Act, 1961 (Act 46), as
amended to September 30, 1992, shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the ability of VRA to perform any of its obligations under
the VRA Project Agreement;
      (e)   the Borrower or any other authority having juris-
diction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of ECG or for the suspension of its operations;
      (f)   the Borrower or any other authority having juris-
diction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of VRA or for the suspension of its operations; and
      (g)   (i)    subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of Part A of
                         the Project shall have been suspended,
                         cancelled or terminated in whole or in
                         part, pursuant to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof; and
           (ii)    subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that:
                   (A)   such suspension, cancellation, termination
                         or prematuring is not caused by the
                         failure of the Borrower to perform any of
                         its obligations under such agreement; and
                    (B)  adequate funds for the Project are
                         available to the Borrower from other
                         sources on terms and conditions consistent
                         with the obligations of the Borrower under
                         this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of 60
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
Page  8
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   events specified in paragraphs (c) through (g) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject in the case of
paragraph (g) of that Section to the proviso of subparagraph (ii) of
said paragraph (g).
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   ECG shall have entered into a contract satisfactory to
the Association for the employment of a utility and/or a utility
consulting firm to manage its commercial operations;
      (b)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
CCCE Grant Agreement shall have been fulfilled, other than those
related to the effectiveness of this Agreement;
      (c)   the ECG Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall have been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and ECG;
      (d)   the VRA Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall have been
executed on behalf of the Borrower and VRA; and
      (e)   all obligations due to the Clearing House System shall
have been reconciled, and settled in full accordingly, in a manner
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the ECG Project Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by ECG, and is legally binding upon ECG in accordance
with its terms;
      (b)   that the VRA Project Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by VRA, and is legally binding upon VRA in accordance
with its terms;
      (c)   that the ECG Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and ECG and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and ECG in accordance with its terms; and
      (d)   that the VRA Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and VRA and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and VRA in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister for Finance and Economic Planning of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
Page  9
            Minister for Finance and Economic
              Planning
            Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning
            P.O. Box M40
            Accra, Ghana
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECONOMICON                2205 MIFAEP GH
                   Accra
      For the Association:
            International Development
             Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.         82987 (FTCC)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                           197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GHANA
                         By /s/ Joseph Abbey
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Francis X. Colaco
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
Parts A and B of
the Project: ECG
(1)   Sub-station,                              100% of foreign
      Sub-transmission                          expenditures
      and Distribution
      Construction and
      Rehabilitation:
Page  10
      (a) for Part B.1          4,400,000
          of the Project
      (b) for Part B.2          5,370,000
          of the Project
(2)   Equipment:                                100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
      (a) for Part B.1(e)       1,380,000
          of the Project
      (b) for Part B.2(b)       8,580,000
          of the Project
(3)   Spare Parts for             690,000       100% of foreign
      Part B.1(f) of the                        expenditures
      Project
(4)   Civil Works for             280,000       40%
      Part B.1(d) of the
      Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  Consultants'                               100% of foreign
     Services:                                  expenditures
     (a) for Part B.1          1,580,000
         of the Project
     (b) for Part B.2            560,000
         of the Project
(6)  Training, Related         1,730,000        100% of foreign
     Computer Equipment                         expenditures
     and Studies
Parts C and D of
the Project: VRA
(7)   Sub-station,             17,400,000       100% of foreign
      Sub-transmission                          expenditures
      and Distribution
      Construction and
      Rehabilitation
(8)   Equipment for               920,000       100% of foreign
      Part D(e) of the                          expenditures
      Project
(9)   Spare Parts for             350,000       100% of foreign
      Part D(f) of the                          expenditures
      Project
(10)  Civil Works for             190,000       40%
      Part D(d) of the
      Project
(11)  Consultants'              1,200,000       100% of foreign
      Services for Part D                       expenditures
      of the Project
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(12) Training and                1,040,000      100% of foreign
Page  11
     Related Computer                           expenditures
     equipment
(13) Refunding of                  560,000      Amount due
     Project                                    pursuant to
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (d)
     Advance                                    of this Agreement
(14) Unallocated                 8,970,000
                                ----------
      TOTAL                     55,200,000
                                ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "substation, sub-transmission and distribution
construction and rehabilitation" means costs for works and equipment
required for the erection and rehabilitation of substations and sub-
transmission and distribution lines; and
      (c)   the term "training" means expenditures for conferences,
workshops, courses and other forms of training, each as are approved
by the Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                         SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist in: (i) providing
electricity from the Borrower's national power grid to small urban
centers, district capitals and rural areas through a systematic
electrification program; (ii) improving service reliability in ECG's
existing network; and (iii) reforming and strengthening ECG's
commercial operations and improving its operational efficiency.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     ECG's Management Structure and Institutional Capacity
      Improving the efficiency of ECG's commercial operations,
including:
      (a)   the establishment within ECG of a Consumers Services
            Directorate centralizing its commercial and technical
            activities;
      (b)   staff training in the following areas: finance, audit,
            systems planning, corporate planning, and utility
            management;
      (c)   the design and implementation of a pilot program to
            promote productive uses of electricity; and
      (d)   a study of the scheme of service of power sector
            utilities.
Part B:     Extension and Rehabilitation of ECG's Distribution
            Network
1.     Execution by ECG, in connection with the Borrower's National
Electrification Scheme, of a systematic electrification program in
Page  12
ECG's service areas to provide electricity from the national power
grid to small urban centers, district capitals and rural areas,
including, in particular:
      (a)   the construction of about 1,200 km of medium voltage and
            low voltage lines and cables;
      (b)   the installation of distribution transformers, breakers,
            reclosers and other related equipment;
      (c)   the installation of service connections to about 69,000
            households;
      (d)   the construction of distribution service centers at the
            district level in areas connected under the Project;
      (e)   the acquisition of vehicles, tools and specialized
            equipment for operating and maintaining the distribution
            network in areas connected under the Project; and
      (f)   the acquisition of spare parts to maintain the
            distribution network.
2.    The reinforcement of ECG's distribution network through the
execution of distribution works to expand substations, build and
replace major links between substations and to back the loss
reduction program, including:
      (a)   the reinforcement and extension of the key sub-
            transmission links in Accra, Kumasi, Takoradi,
            Koforidua, Tema and Cape Coast, including the supply and
            erection of high voltage sub-transmission lines and
            cables, transformers and associated switchgear; and
      (b)   the acquisition of service cables, meters and related
            accessories needed to connect new consumers and to
            replace faulty equipment.
Part C:     VRA's Institutional Capacity
      Strengthening VRA's management capacity, including staff
training in the following areas: finance, audit, systems planning,
corporate planning, and utility management.
Part D:     Extension of VRA's Distribution Network
       Execution by VRA, in connection with the Borrower's National
Electrification Scheme, of a systematic electrification program in
VRA's service areas to provide electricity from the national power
grid to small urban centers, district capitals and rural areas,
including, in particular:
      (a)   the construction of about 1000 km of medium voltage and
            low voltage lines and cables;
      (b)   the installation of distribution transformers, breakers,
            reclosers and other related equipment;
      (c)   the installation of service connections to about 50,000
            households;
      (d)   the construction of distribution service centers at the
            district level in areas connected under the Project;
      (e)   the acquisition of vehicles, tools and specialized
            equipment for operating and maintaining the distribution
            network in areas connected under the Project; and
      (f)   the acquisition of spare parts to maintain the
            distribution network.
Page  13
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by March 31, 1998.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                        ECG Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1), (2),
(3), (4), (5) and (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the ECG Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the ECG Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the ECG Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the ECG Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the ECG Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the ECG Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the ECG Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Association
                  shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the ECG Special Account such amount as the
                  Borrower shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of the ECG Special Account
                  for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the ECG Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
Page  14
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the ECG Special Account:
      (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement; or
      (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories for Parts A and B of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Parts A and B of the Project, shall equal the equivalent
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Parts A and B of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the ECG Special Account as of
the date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the ECG Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the ECG Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the ECG Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the ECG Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
ECG Special Account.
      (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                        VRA Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (7), (8),
(9), (10), (11) and (12) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Page  15
Parts C and D of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the VRA Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the VRA Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with theprovisions of this 
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the VRA Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the VRA Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the VRA Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)  (i)    For replenishment of the VRA Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the VRA Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Association
                  shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the VRA Special Account such amount as the
                  Borrower shall have requested and as shall have
                  been shown by said documents and other evidence
                  to have been paid out of the VRA Special Account
                  for eligible expenditures.
      All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from
the Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by
said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the VRA Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the VRA Special Account:
      (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement; or
      (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories for Parts C and D of the Project, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to Parts C and D of the Project, shall equal the equivalent
Page  16
of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
      Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Parts C and D of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the VRA Special Account as of
the date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the VRA Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the VRA Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the VRA Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the VRA Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
VRA Special Account.
      (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement,
including the General Conditions.
