Page  1
                                                   CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2208 HO
                  (Structural Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                       REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 31, 1991
                                                CREDIT NUMBER 2208 HO
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 31, 1991, between REPUBLIC OF
HONDURAS (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Association has received a copy of the letter
dated June 2, 1990 from the Borrower to the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Development (the Bank), describing a program of
actions, objectives and policies designed to achieve structural
adjustment of the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the
Program), declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of
the Program, and requesting assistance from the Association in the
financing of urgently needed imports required during such execution;
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Bank has
granted to the Borrower a loan (the Bank Loan), in an amount
equivalent to ninety million dollars ($90,000,000), as provided in
the Loan Agreement No. 3257-HO signed on September 17, 1990 (the
Bank Loan Agreement), between the Borrower and the Bank; and
Page  2
      (C)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Asso-
ciation has decided in support of the Program to provide such
additional assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
       (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c)  Not later than six months after the Closing Date
      or such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between
      the Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare
      and furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in
      such detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on
      the execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to
      the Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the
      Borrower and the Association of their respective obligations
      under the Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment
      of the purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Central Bank" means Banco Central de Honduras, the
Central Bank of the Borrower;
      (b)   "L" and "Lempiras" means Lempiras, the currency of the
Borrower; and
      (c)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 34/Rev.3 (1986).
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fourteen million three hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 14,300,000).
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn from
the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1991 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
Page  3
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 15 and November 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in   semi-
annual installments payable on each May 15 and November 15
commencing May 15, 2001 and ending November 15, 2025. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on November 15,
2010, shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consi-
deration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) The President of the Central Bank is
Page  4
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing,  the
Borrower hereby entrusts the Central Bank with responsibility for
the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit    and
for the collection of the documents and other evidence to be
furnished to the Association in support of such applications; such
withdrawal applications shall to the extent practicable be con-
solidated so as to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not
less than SDR 3,500,000 equivalent.
                             ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program, in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than four months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  5
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
               Amendments to the Bank Loan Agreement
      Section 4.01. The Bank Loan Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:
            (i)   paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 is amended to read as
                  follows:
                        "1.   Except as provided in paragraph 2 of
                  this Schedule, contracts for the procurement of
                  goods shall be awarded through international
                  competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
                  consistent with those set forth in Sections I and
                  II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
                  Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
                  May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the
                  following modifications:";
           (ii)   paragraph 2 (a) and (b) of Schedule 3 is amended
                  to read as follows:
                        "2.   Contracts for the procurement of goods
                  estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
                  $5,000,000 may be awarded:
                        (a)   by purchasers required to follow the
                  Borrower's public procurement procedures for the
                  importation of goods, on the basis of such
                  procedures, provided that such contracts shall be
                  awarded to the lowest evaluated bidder, without
                  taking into account, in the evaluation, financial
                  costs for foreign exchange components, and that
                  such procedures shall have been found acceptable
                  by the Bank;
                        (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance
                  with established commercial practice, except that
                  direct contracting procedures acceptable to the
                  Bank may be used where considered appropriate
                  under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines; and";
          (iii)   a new paragraph 24 is included in Part A of
                  Schedule 4, to read as follows:
                        "24. The Borrower has adjusted the
                  domestic prices for oil products, so as to
                  reflect the changes occurred in the world market
                  prices for such products or in the dollar/lempira
                  exchange rate."; and
           (iv)   a new paragraph 20 is included in Part B of
                  Schedule 4, to read as follows:
                        "20. The Borrower has adjusted the domestic
                  prices for oil products, so as to reflect the
                  changes occurred in the world market prices for
Page  6
                  such products or in the dollar/lempira exchange
                  rate.".
                              ARTICLE V
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General
Conditions, namely, that the macroeconomic policy framework of the
Borrower is consistent with the objectives of the Program.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the amendments referred
to in Section 4.01 of this Agreement have been duly authorized or
ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower
and are legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with their
terms.
      Section 6.03. The date April 1, 1991 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Secretaria de Estado en el Despacho de Hacienda Y
Credito Publico of the Borrower is designated as representative of
the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
       Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Secretario de Estado en el Despacho
              de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  HACIENDA                  1308 HACIENDA HO
                  Tegucigalpa, Honduras
      With copies to:
            Banco Central de Honduras
            Tegucigalpa, D.C.
            Honduras
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANTRAL                   1121-HT Bantral
                  Tegucigalpa, Honduras
      For the Association:
Page  7
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
                  By /s/ Jorge Ramon Hernandez Alcerro
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
Agreed:
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
By /s/ Rainer B. Steckhan
                          Acting Regional Vice President
                 Latin America and the Caribbbean
                             SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or sub-groups, or any successor groups or sub-groups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
Page  8
notice to the Borrower:
Group       Sub-group               Description of Items
112               -                 Alcoholic beverages
121               -                 Tobacco, unmanufactured,
                                    tobacco refuse
122               -                 Tobacco, manufactured (whether
                                    or not containing tobacco
                                    substitutes)
525               -                 Radioactive and associated
                                    materials
667               -                 Pearls, precious and semi-
                                    precious stones, unworked or
                                    worked
718         718.7                   Nuclear reactors, and parts
                                    thereof, fuel elements
                                    (cartridges), non-irradiated
                                    for nuclear reactors
Group       Sub-group               Description of Items
897         897.3                   Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                    platinum group metals (except
                                    watches and watch cases) and
                                    goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                    wares (including set gems)
971         -                       Gold, non-monetary (excluding
                                    gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to September 15,
1990;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $10,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or para-
military purpose or for luxury consumption.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$5,000,000 may be permitted by the Association upon the basis of
statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify.
                             SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Except as provided in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, contracts
for the procurement of goods shall be awarded through international
competitive bidding in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines), subject to the following
modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
Page  9
following is substituted therefor:
            "2.8 Notification and Advertising
                  The international community should be notified in
            a timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be
            done by advertising invitations to apply for inclusion
            in a bidder's invitation list, to apply for prequali-
            fication, or to bid; such advertisements should be
            placed in at least one newspaper of general circulation
            in the Borrower's country and, in addition, in at least
            one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international cir-
                  culation; or
          (iii)   a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
                  "As a further alternative, bidding documents may
            require the bidder to state the bid price in a single
            currency widely used in international trade and
            specified in the bidding documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $5,000,000 may be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such contracts shall be awarded to
the lowest evaluated bidder, without taking into account, in the
evaluation, financial costs for foreign exchange components, and
that such procedures shall have been found acceptable by the
Association;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, except that direct contracting procedures
acceptable to the Association may be used where considered
appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines; and
      (c)   by any purchasers, for the supply of commodities on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained from more
than one supplier.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof, such
documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract.
5.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 4 of this Schedule
Page  10
shall not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals from the Credit Account on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
