Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3691 TUN
                         Project Agreement
         (Northwest Mountainous Areas Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
       OFFICE DU DEVELOPPEMENT SYLVO-PASTORAL DU NORD-OUEST
                      Dated February 23, 1994
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3691 TUN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 23, 1994, between the INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and the OFFICE DU
DEVELOPPEMENT SYLVO-PASTORAL DU NORD-OUEST (ODESYPANO).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Republic of Tunisia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to twenty-seven million five hundred
thousand dollars ($27,500,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that ODESYPANO
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth
in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS ODESYPANO, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
Page  2
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Douar Development Plan" or "DDP" means a development
plan to be prepared jointly by a Development Center and a Douar
Development Committee, as such plan may be updated from time to
time, for the purposes of defining the constraints to the
development and the priority needs of the Douar, and actions and
specific investments envisioned by the Douar members to be carried
out in the Douar within the framework of the Project; and
      (b)   "General Directorate" or "DG" means ODESYPANO's General
Directorate referred to in Section A.1 of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) ODESYPANO declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, economic, engineering, environmental, financial,
land conservation, technical and watershed management practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and ODESYPANO shall otherwise
agree, ODESYPANO shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ODESYPANO shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
      Section 2.04. (a) ODESYPANO shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
other matters relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   ODESYPANO shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by ODESYPANO of its obligations under this
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
              Management and Operations of ODESYPANO
      Section 3.01. (a) ODESYPANO shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
economic, engineering, environmental, financial, land conservation,
technical and watershed management practices under the supervision
of qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff
in adequate numbers.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
Page  3
of this Section, ODESYPANO shall implement a suitable disengagement
plan agreed upon with the Bank with due diligence and efficiency.
      Section 3.02. ODESYPANO shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and
from time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound administrative,
economic, engineering, environmental, financial, land conservation,
technical and watershed management practices.
      Section 3.03. ODESYPANO shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ODESYPANO shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ODESYPANO shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   Fiscal Year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six (6) months after the
                   end of each such year: (A) certified copies of
                   its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of ODESYPANO thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify ODESYPANO thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
Page  4
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For ODESYPANO:
            Route de Tunis
            9000 Boj
            Republic of Tunisia
                                           Telex:
                                             80213 OSPNO TU
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ODESYPANO may be taken or executed by its
President Director General or such other person or persons as its
President Director General shall designate in writing, and ODESYPANO
shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
                         OFFICE DU DEVELOPPEMENT SYLVO-PASTORAL
                           DU NORD-OUEST
                         By /s/ Ismail Khelil
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  5
                            SCHEDULE 1
                Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Bank, one to be applied to all foreign currency components and
the other to the local currency component of the bid price. Such an
increase shall not be taken into account in the bid evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this Part
A, ODESYPANO shall use the relevant standard bidding documents
issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the Bank
shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of the Project.
Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been issued by the
Bank, ODESYPANO shall use bidding documents based on other
internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$300,000 or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in the Republic of
Tunisia may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
Local Competitive Bidding
1.    Contracts for civil works for construction of roads, building
of Development Centers and housing for development/extension agents,
schools and health centers, and establishment of water supply
systems under Part F of the Project, estimated to cost more than the
equivalent of $100,000 per contract, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Local Shopping
2.    (i) Contracts for small civil works for construction of roads,
building of Development Centers and housing for development/
extension agents, schools and health centers, and establishment of
water supply systems under Part F of the Project, estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $1,700,000; (ii) packages of urgently needed
vehicles estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000; and
(iii) contracts for minor office, field and laboratory equipment,
computers, mopeds, farm inputs, audiovisual and other miscellaneous
demonstration materials, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent
to $1,100,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three (3)
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
Page  6
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Direct Contracting
3.    Contracts for proprietary or highly specialized items,
including veterinary products, animal feed supplements and seeds of
a special quality up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,100,000, may be awarded after direct negotiations with suppliers,
in accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Force Account
4.    Soil conservation works under Part B.1 of the Project and
civil works for construction of rural roads, building of Development
Centers and housing for development/extension agents, schools and
health centers and establishment of water supply systems under Part
F of the Project, to be procured by local shopping but for which
there is no contractor identified may be carried out by force
account by ODESYPANO after the Bank's prior approval.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for: (i) civil works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more; and (ii)
vehicles or equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of $300,000
or more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist ODESYPANO in carrying out the Project,
ODESYPANO shall employ consultants: (i) whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank; and (ii) who shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For complex,
time-based assignments, ODESYPANO shall employ such consultants
under contracts using the standard form of contract for consultants'
services issued by the Bank, with such modifications as shall have
been agreed by the Bank. Where no relevant standard contract
documents have been issued by the Bank, ODESYPANO shall use other
standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
Page  7
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review shall
not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts or to the
employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Bank or to amendments of contracts raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
Section A:  Institutional Arrangements
1.    General Directorate (DG)
      (a)   At the central level, responsibility for overall
coordination, management and monitoring of the Project shall be
vested in the DG established and to be maintained in ODESYPANO under
staffing, budgetary, and reporting arrangements satisfactory to the
Bank. The DG shall be headed by a President Director General, who
shall be assisted by a team of staff specialized in planning,
finance and technical matters and whose qualifications and
experience shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
      (b)   The main responsibilities of the DG shall consist of the
preparation of work plans, provision of technical support and
training to the staff based at the Regional Directorates and the
CDAs, preparation of training courses and training materials for
development/extension agents and beneficiaries, liaising between
ODESYPANO and the research institutes and dissemination of
information on research development. For this purpose, ODESYPANO
shall appoint, not later than March 31, 1994: (i) a Planning
Director, responsible, inter alia, for preparation of annual work
programs for the Project and coordination of the regional work
program; and (ii) an accountant to head the Accounts Section,
responsible, inter alia, for maintenance of Project accounts and for
monitoring the flow of funds.
      (c)   In order to facilitate monitoring of the progress of the
Project, the Monitoring and Evaluation (M&E) Unit within the
Department of Planning shall prepare for submission to the Bank, not
later than March 31 in each Fiscal Year, annual progress reports,
with special focus on achievements on the participatory approach
applied in the Project and the institutional, financial, socio-
economic and technical constraints to implementation of the Project.
To this end, ODESYPANO shall establish, not later than June 30,
1994, a Monitoring and Evaluation System in accordance with
indicators acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Regional Directorates (DR)
      At the regional level, the Regional Directorates shall be
assigned responsibility for the preparation, under the coordination
of the DG, of regional work plans in each of the Project Areas,
including the physical execution and monitoring of Project
activities. Specifically, the main responsibilities of the DC shall
consist of planning and supervision of execution of Project
components, and, in particular, identification of priority areas on
which to execute the Project, assistance to the DDCs in the
preparation of Douar Development Plans and Douar Action Plans
between ODESYPANO and the DDCs, coordination of field work,
selection of suitable treatment options for extension activities,
and provision of technical support and field training. To this end,
the DR shall be strengthened with the appointment, not later than
June 30, 1994, of the necessary subject-matter specialists.
3.    Development Centers (CDAs)
      At the village level, ODESYPANO shall establish the necessary
Page  8
CDAs composed of the head of the CDAs and the required male
(animateur) and female (animatrice) development/extension agents to
suitably serve the population of the Project Areas in the
implementation of the Project. To attain effective and timely
implementation of the Project, ODESYPANO shall promptly strengthen
the CDAs with the recruitment of nineteen (19) development/extension
agents, being seven (7) male and twelve (12) female, as follows: (i)
seven (7), not later than December 31, 1994; (ii) seven (7), not
later than December 31, 1995; and (iii) five (5), not later than
December 31, 1996. The main functions of each CDA shall consist of
the establishment of formal collaboration between ODESYPANO and the
beneficiary population, and, to those ends, the CDA shall be
responsible for: (i) assisting villagers in organizing themselves
into DDCs, defining priorities and work programs to be proposed for
Project financing, developing a suitable DDP and establishing the
Douar Action Plans referred to in Section B of this Schedule; (ii)
collecting data for planning and monitoring; and (iii) providing
technical assistance and training to village communities.
Section B:  Project Planning
1.    Douars
      In the selection of Douars for the purposes of carrying out
the Project, ODESYPANO shall throughout its implementation follow
criteria acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Douar Development Committees (DDCs)
      At the Douar level, ODESYPANO, through the CDAs, shall assist
Douar settlers to organize and establish Douar Development
Committees consisting of at least four (4) members elected by the
population in the Project Areas.
3.    Participatory Process
      (a)   For purposes of defining specific Project activities,
ODESYPANO shall cause the CDAs, assisted by the DRs,: (i) to jointly
carry out with Douar Development Committees a survey of Douar
development potentials and constraints to development, and which
shall identify in particular the local population needs in terms of
basic infrastructure, environmental constraints, input supply,
credit accessibility, and extension services; (ii) on the basis
thereof, to prepare with the DDCs, Douar Development Plans; and
(iii) taking into consideration the priorities defined in the Douar
Development Plans, prepare and execute with the DDCs, Douar Action
Plans identifying Sub-projects.
      (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above,
ODESYPANO shall take all required steps to ensure that any Douar
Action Plan which includes Sub-projects to be carried out under Part
F of the Project shall clearly specify villagers' contributions in
the construction by force account, and maintenance, of rural
infrastructure works.
4.    (a)   For purposes of assuring adequate planning of Project
activities, ODESYPANO shall, not later than December 31 in each
Fiscal Year, prepare and furnish to the Bank for its review and
comment, ODESYPANO's work program of activities proposed to be
carried out under the Project during the following Fiscal Year,
including, in particular, procurement, training and formation of
DDCs.
      (b)   ODESYPANO shall afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity
to exchange views on the said work program and thereafter shall
undertake all necessary action as shall have been discussed and
agreed with the Bank to continue to assure proper planning and
successful implementation of the Project.
Section C:  Income Generating Activities
1.    Douar Credit Unions
Page  9
      ODESYPANO shall take all necessary measures required to
create, develop and manage and thereafter supervise at all times,
consistently with the participatory process and in accordance with
criteria and guidelines satisfactory to the Bank, Douar Credit
Unions designed to finance productive activities in the informal
sector. Specifically, the equity of each Douar Credit Union shall
consist of: (i) membership fees of the participants of the Douar
Credit Union; and (ii) funds provided under proceeds allocated by
ODESYPANO for this purpose in an agreed proportion to the said fees.
To this end, ODESYPANO shall promptly transfer the corresponding
portion of resources to each Douar Credit Union upon confirmation by
the concerned DDC and the contracted non-governmental organization
that: (i) the relevant Douar Credit Union has been established; (ii)
membership fees have been collected; and (iii) Douar's members have
subscribed to the principles of operation of the Douar Credit Union.
2.    Management and Implementation
      (a)   In order to implement this pilot income-generating
component of the Project, ODESYPANO shall, in a timely manner,
conclude with one or more suitable local non-governmental
organizations, contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
assigning responsibility to the said non-governmental organizations
for: (i) the organization of Douar Credit Unions, including
collection of their membership fees and supervision of the
management thereof; (ii) the provision of training and technical
assistance to Douar Credit Unions' managers; (iii) the identi-
fication and appraisal, in coordination with ODESYPANO's
development/extension agents (animateurs/animatrices) and after
consultation with the DDC concerned, of investments eligible for
financing of the Douar Credit Unions; (iv) the monitoring of the
process utilized for providing sub-loans for such investments,
including, inter alia, adherence to, and application of, lending
terms, conditions, criteria and principles identified in the study
on Douar Credit Unions to be carried out under Part C of the Project
and approved by the Bank; (v) the organization of the Douar Credit
Unions' ability to appraise credit demands in accordance with sound
financial criteria; (vi) the development of sound accounting
procedures to record and monitor the Douar Credit Unions'
operations; and (vii) the preparation, on a quarterly basis, of
reports for submission to ODESYPANO on progress and trends on the
points (i) through (vi) of this paragraph.
      (b)   For purposes of ensuring the timely start-up of this
pilot income-generating scheme, ODESYPANO shall conclude the
contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) above with at
least one (1) non-governmental organization not later than December
31, 1994.
      (c)   Based on the results of the above operation, ODESYPANO
and the Bank shall, during the course of the first interim review
referred to in Section G.1 (a) of this Schedule, review progress
achieved and exchange views on the legal structure to be used to
define on a permanent basis the Douar Credit Unions and the
financial facilities offered by them, taking into consideration,
inter alia, the most suitable mechanism to ensure financial
viability and sustainability of the Douar Credit Union.
      (d)   ODESYPANO shall: (i) not later than December 31, 1994,
carry out the studies referred to in Part C of the Project under
terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank; (ii) furnish to the
Bank a copy of said studies upon their completion; and (iii)
thereafter, but in any event not later than June 30, 1995, implement
the recommendations of such studies as shall have been agreed
between ODESYPANO and the Bank.
Section D:  Research Committee
1.    ODESYPANO shall at all times ensure that the Research
Committee referred to in Section 6.01 of the Loan Agreement is
maintained and carries out activities and programs under terms of
Page  10
reference satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    ODESYPANO shall employ the short-term consultant referred to
in Part D of the Project under terms of reference satisfactory to
the Bank not later than March 31, 1995.
Section E:  Rural Infrastructure Activities
      Farm Ponds
      For each Sub-project consisting of a farm pond proposed to be
constructed under Part F of the Project, ODESYPANO shall prepare and
submit for the Bank's prior review and approval a feasibility study
including: (i) a socio-economic evaluation of the proposed pond;
(ii) a technical analysis of the size, capacity and design of the
pond and safety of its design, including assurances that the said
pond shall not: (A) exceed ten (10) meters in height above stream
bed; (B) create a reservoir with a gross storage volume of more
than 50,000 cubic meters; or (C) present unusual design features,
involve difficult geological conditions or be situated so as to be
significantly destructive to the population in the event of failure;
(iii) (A) confirmation that the pond has not received an unfavorable
ranking under the environmental guideline and checklist referred to
in Section F of this Schedule; and (B) a mitigation plan which
conforms thereto; and (iv) confirmation that the construction of the
pond shall cause neither expropriation of land nor resettlement of
local population.
Section F:  Environmental Safeguards
      For rural infrastructure Sub-projects to be implemented under
Part F of the Project, ODESYPANO shall prepare and closely follow an
environmental guideline and checklist, prepared in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, to screen and mitigate any potentially
adverse environmental effect in the construction of the proposed
rural infrastructure.
Section G:  Interim Reviews
      (a)   ODESYPANO shall prepare and furnish to the Bank, not
later than June 30, 1996, and March 31, 1998, a report, of such
scope and in such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request,
including, inter alia, progress in the implementation of Sub-
projects, potential institutional, financial and technical
constraints hindering Project execution, overall progress achieved
by ODESYPANO in carrying out the Project and any necessary
corrective action proposed to be taken to further the progress of
the Project.
      (b)   ODESYPANO shall afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity
to exchange views on said report, and thereafter, shall take all
action which ODESYPANO and the Bank shall have agreed is required on
ODESYPANO's part to ensure the successful implementation of the
Project.
