Page  1
               Japanese Grant Agreement
        (Proposed Second Family Health Project)
                        between
                       ZIMBABWE
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
            as Administrator of Grant Funds
                    provided by the
                  GOVERNMENT OF JAPAN
                  Dated May 27, 1990
               JAPANESE GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 27, 1990, between ZIMBABWE (the
Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) acting as Administrator (the
Administrator) of grant funds provided by the GOVERNMENT
OF JAPAN (Japan).
     WHEREAS (A) pursuant to a letter agreement dated
June 3, 1987 between Japan and the Bank, Japan has
requested the Bank, and the Bank has agreed, to
administer grant funds to be made available by Japan for
the financing of certain programs and projects supported
by the Bank in accordance with the provisions of such
letter agreement;
     WHEREAS (B) the Recipient has requested and Japan
has agreed to make available a grant (the Grant) out of
said grant funds to finance the cost of carrying out the
technical assistance described in Schedule 1 to this
Agreement (the Technical Assistance) on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
     WHEREAS (C) the Recipient has requested the Bank to
carry out the Technical Assistance; and
     WHEREAS (D) the Bank has agreed to facilitate the
Technical Assistance on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
       Definitions; Term of Technical Assistance
     Section 1.01. The Technical Assistance shall be
undertaken by consultants (the Consultants) who shall, as
Page  2
far as practicable, include Consultants with expertise in
the following areas:
     (a)  health facilities, telecommunications,
architecture and planning;
     (b)  family planning services;
     (c)  financial, management, information and
accounting systems;
     (d)  maternal and child health programs, including
nutrition;
     (e)  health education, training and manpower; and
     (f)  other areas to be identified by the Recipient
and agreed by the Administrator during preparation.
     Section 1.02. As used in this Agreement, the terms
"yen" and "\1a" mean the currency of Japan, and the term
"Consultants" includes individual consultants as well as
any consulting firm that provides any of the experts
referred to in Section 1.01.
     Section 1.03. The Consultants are expected to
commence their services on July 1, 1990 and to provide a
total of 70 man-months of service between that time and
June 30, 1991.
                      ARTICLE II
         Responsibilities of the Administrator
     Section 2.01. The Administrator shall make
reasonable efforts to secure the services of the
Consultants.
     Section 2.02. The Administrator shall utilize the
Grant to finance on a grant basis the following
expenditures in connection with the services of the
Consultants:
     (a)  remuneration, per diem and other allowances;
     (b)  international and local travel expenses; and
     (c)  out-of-pocket expenses, including
communications and reports, incurred by the Consultants
in foreign and local currency in the performance of their
services.
     Section 2.03. The amount of the Grant to be provided
by Japan for the Technical Assistance pursuant to Section
2.02 shall not exceed the equivalent of one hundred and
sixty five million four hundred thousand yen
(\1a165,400,000).
     Section 2.04. The recruitment, engagement and
supervision of the Consultants shall be the
responsibility solely of the Administrator and shall be
done according to the Administrator's applicable
procedures.
                      ARTICLE III
           Responsibilities of the Recipient
     Section 3.01. The Recipient shall cooperate with the
Administrator and the Consultants to ensure that the
Technical Assistance is carried out promptly and
effectively and, for this purpose, shall issue
appropriate instructions to its officials, agents and
Page  3
representatives.
     Section 3.02. The Recipient shall:
     (a)  make arrangements for all personnel of the
Consultants assigned to the Technical Assistance (other
than nationals of the Recipient or permanent residents of
the Recipient's territories) and all dependents of such
personnel promptly to be provided with any necessary
entry and exit visas, residence and work permits,
exchange documents and travel documents required for
their stay in the Recipient's territories during the
duration of the Technical Assistance;
     (b)  facilitate clearance through its customs of any
equipment, materials and supplies required for the
Technical Assistance and any personal effects of the
personnel of the Consultants assigned to the Technical
Assistance (other than nationals of the Recipient or
permanent residents of the Recipient's territories) and
the dependents of such personnel;
     (c)  permit the Consultants to bring into, and
withdraw from, the Recipient's territories reasonable
amounts of foreign currency for purposes related to the
Technical Assistance;
     (d)  permit the personnel of the Consultants
assigned to the Technical Assistance (other than
nationals of the Recipient or permanent residents of the
Recipient's territories) and the dependents of such
personnel to bring into, and withdraw from, the
Recipient's territories reasonable amounts of foreign
currency for their personal use; and
     (e)  exempt the Consultants and the personnel of the
Consultants assigned to the Technical Assistance from (or
the Recipient shall pay on behalf of the Consultants and
such personnel) any taxes, duties, fees, levies and other
impositions imposed under the laws and regulations in
effect in the Recipient's territories on the Consultants
and such personnel in respect of:
          (i)  any payments whatsoever made to the
               Consultants and such personnel (other
               than nationals of the Recipient or
               permanent residents of the Recipient's
               territories) in connection with the
               carrying out of the Technical Assistance;
          (ii) any equipment, materials and supplies
               brought into the Recipient's territories
               by the Consultants for the purpose of
               carrying out the Technical Assistance and
               which, after having been brought into
               such territories, will be subsequently
               withdrawn therefrom by them;
         (iii) any equipment, material and supplies
               brought into the Recipient's
               territories by the Consultants for
               the purpose of carrying out the
               Technical Assistance and which will
               be consumed therein or become the
               property of the Recipient; and
          (iv) any property brought into the Recipient's
               territories by the Consultants or such
               personnel (other than nationals of the
               Recipient or permanent residents of the
               Recipient's territories) or the
               dependents of such personnel for their
Page  4
               personal use and which will be consumed
               therein or subsequently withdrawn
               therefrom by them upon their respective
               departure from the Recipient's
               territories, provided that the
               Consultants, such personnel and their
               dependents shall follow the usual customs
               procedures of the Recipient in importing
               property into the Recipient's
               territories.
     Section 3.03. The Recipient shall be responsible for
dealing with any claims arising out of, or resulting
from, the Technical Assistance that may be brought by
third parties against the Administrator. The Recipient
shall indemnify the Administrator against any costs,
claims, damages or liabilities arising out of, or
resulting from, any acts or omissions in connection with
the Technical Assistance.
                      ARTICLE IV
               Reports and Other Matters
     Section 4.01. The Recipient and the Administrator
shall, from time to time, at the request of either party,
exchange views on the Technical Assistance and consult on
any reports prepared by the Consultants and the
implementation of any recommendations made in those
reports.
     Section 4.02. The Administrator may use any reports
prepared by the Consultants for any purpose that the
Administrator may consider appropriate but those reports
may not be made public except by agreement between the
Recipient and the Administrator.
                       ARTICLE V
              Effective Date, Suspension
                    and Termination
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon its execution by the parties.
     Section 5.02. The Recipient may at any time request
the Administrator in writing to terminate the Technical
Assistance.  Whether or not the Recipient has made such
a request, the Administrator may at any time suspend or,
after consultation with the Recipient, terminate the
Technical Assistance if any circumstances arise that, in
the opinion of the Administrator, interfere or threaten
to interfere with the successful implementation of the
Technical Assistance, the accomplishment of its purposes,
or the execution of the Technical Assistance in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
     Section 5.03. If the Technical Assistance is
suspended or terminated, the Recipient and the
Administrator shall consult with each other concerning
any further action that may be necessary or desirable.
     Section 5.04. The Administrator is not an agent of
or trustee for the Recipient and shall not have any
fiduciary relationship with the Recipient. The Recipient
shall have no right to any portion of the Grant that is
not expended by the Administrator pursuant to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
Page  5
                    Representation
     Section 6.01. The officials responsible for the
implementation of this Agreement shall be:
     For the Recipient:
          The Secretary
          Ministry of Finance, Economic Planning
            and Development
          Private Bag 7705
          Causeway, Harare
          Zimbabwe
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINFIN                MINFIN 22141 ZW
               Harare                Zimbabwe
     For the Administrator:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT)
          Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               ZIMBABWE
               By /s/ B.T. G. Chidzero
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                 AND DEVELOPMENT
               as Administrator of the Grant
               By /s/ Callisto Madavo
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
          Description of Technical Assistance
     The objective of the Technical Assistance is to
provide specialist support to the Recipient to help it to
define the scope and to prepare details for a project for
family health designed, inter alia, to improve and expand
family planning services and information, education and
communications activities, to upgrade rural health
centers and district referral hospitals and to strengthen
health management and finance and nutrition programs.
Page  6
     The Technical Assistance shall consist of:
          (i)  a review and evaluation of hospital and
               clinic designs with a view to revising
               architects' briefs and standard hospital
               and clinic designs as well as to survey
               proposed hospital and clinic sites and
               adapt plans for different climates and
               functional requirements;
          (ii) formulation of a national program for
               expansion of family planning services and
               a detailed information, education and
               communications program for the Zimbabwe
               National Family Planning Council;
         (iii) designing of computerized management
               information systems for the
               Recipient's Ministry of Health and
               major hospitals and revision of its
               budget system, development of
               proposals for increased resource
               mobilization as well as efficiency
               improvements in major hospitals
               based on a study of at least 3 major
               hospitals;
          (iv) a review and assessment of existing
               nutrition curricula, in-service and pre-
               service training needs to prepare
               recommendations for the strengthening of
               nutrition programs and nutrition
               education and training in the territory
               of the Recipient;
          (v)  review of appropriate telecommunications
               for the health system;
          (vi) design of improved financial, materials
               and equipment management systems;
         (vii) formulation of improved maternal and
               child health programs; and
        (viii) assistance in manpower planning and
               training program review and design.
