Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2577 ZA
                   Development Credit Agreement
              (Economic and Social Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated April 15, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2577 ZA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated April 15, 1994, between the REPUBLIC OF
ZAMBIA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Association has received a letter dated
January 18, 1994, from the Borrower describing a program of actions,
objectives and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of
the Borrower's economy (hereinafter called the Program), declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program, and
requesting assistance from the Association in the financing of
urgently needed imports required during such execution; and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the
Association has decided in support of the Program to provide such
assistance to the Borrower by making the Credit in two tranches as
hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Page  2
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications thereof set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
      Agreement.";
      (b)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Borrower and the Association, the Borrower shall prepare and
      furnish to the Association a report, of such scope and in such
      detail as the Association shall reasonably request, on the
      execution of the Program referred to in the Preamble to the
      Development Credit Agreement, the performance by the Borrower
      and the Association of their respective obligations under the
      Development Credit Agreement and the accomplishment of the
      purposes of the Credit."; and
      (c)   the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986);
      (b)   "Bank of Zambia" means the Central Bank of Zambia
established under the Bank of Zambia Act (Act 24 of 1985 of the laws
of the Borrower), as amended to the date of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Investment Act" means Act 39 of 1993 of the laws of the
Borrower; and
      (d)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement, an amount in various currencies equivalent to one hundred
eight million nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 108,900,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Program,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1995 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
Page  3
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment and service charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 1 and September 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in
semiannual installments payable on each March 1 and September 1
commencing September 1, 2004 and ending March 1, 2034. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 1,
2014 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) the Governor of the Bank of Zambia is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Page  4
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts the Bank of Zambia with responsibility for
the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Credit and for
the collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished
to the Association in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall, to the extent practicable, be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
$2,000,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Association shall from
time to time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Association for its review and comment a report on
the progress achieved in carrying out the Program in such detail as
the Association shall reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with consistently maintained sound accounting practices the
expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                  for the Special Account, for each fiscal year
                  audited in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  5
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audits referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement within
the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely,
that the Borrower has furnished evidence satisfactory to the
Association that it has secured financial commitments to cover
substantially its external financial requirements through
December 31, 1994.
      Section 5.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P. O. Box 50062
            Ridgeway
            Lusaka, Zambia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                    42221
                  Lusaka
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
Page  6
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                        By /s/ Dunstan Weston Kamana
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Stephen Denning
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Credit may be withdrawn from the
Credit Account for expenditures made (or, if the Association shall
so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
required during the execution of the Program and to be financed out
of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Association by
notice to the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured;
                                  tobacco refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured
                                  (whether or not containing
                                  tobacco substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and
                                  semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors and
                                  parts thereof; fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated
                                  for nuclear reactors
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   728             728.43         Tobacco processing machinery
Page  7
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch
                                  cases) and goldsmiths' or
                                  silversmiths' wares
                                  (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of SDR 21,800,000 may be made on account of
payments made for expenditures before that date but after
November 1, 1993;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $5,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Association shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for goods intended for a military or
paramilitary purpose or for luxury consumption.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost less than $500,000 equivalent
may be required by the Association to be made upon the basis of
statements of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to, or on the order of, the Borrower in respect
of expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
after the aggregate of the proceeds of the Credit withdrawn from the
Credit Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have
reached the equivalent of SDR 54,450,000, unless the Association
shall be satisfied, after an exchange of views as described in
Section 3.01 of this Agreement based on evidence satisfactory to the
Association: (a) with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program; (b) that the actions described in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement have been taken; and (c) that the
macroeconomic policy framework of the Borrower is consistent with
the objectives of the Program and the Borrower has complied with the
specific fiscal targets set after review and agreement with the
Association and the International Monetary Fund.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 4
above, the Association shall have given notice to the Borrower that
the progress achieved and actions taken are not satisfactory and,
within 90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have
achieved progress and taken actions satisfactory to the Association,
then the Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit or any part thereof.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
Page  8
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)   a notice in the United Nations publication,
                  Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)   an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                  technical journal of wide international
                  circulation; or
           (iii)  a notice to local representatives of countries
                  and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                  that are potential suppliers of the goods
                  required."
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents."
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
      (d)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (e)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with this
paragraph 1, the Borrower shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use bidding documents based
on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    Goods to be procured under paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall
be exempted from pre-shipment price inspection by a third party.
3.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $2,000,000 may be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Association; and
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, except that direct contracting procedures
acceptable to the Association may be used where considered
appropriate under paragraph 3.5 of the Guidelines.
4.    Subject to the prior approval of the Association, commonly
traded commodities may be procured through organized international
Page  9
commodity markets or other channels of competitive procurement
acceptable to the Association, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
5.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association, prior
to the submission to the Association of the first application for
withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect of such
contract, two conformed copies of such contract, together with the
analysis of the respective bids and recommendations for award, a
description of the advertising and tendering procedures followed and
such other information as the Association shall reasonably request.
Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the proceeds
of the Special Account, such copies together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as part of the
evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
6.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraphs 3 and
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Association,
prior to the submission to the Association of the first application
for withdrawal of funds from the Credit Account in respect thereof,
such documentation and information as the Association may reasonably
request to support withdrawal applications in respect of such
contract. Where payments under a contract are to be made out of the
proceeds of the Special Account, the documentation and the
information to be furnished to the Association pursuant to the
provision of this paragraph shall be furnished to the Association as
part of the evidence required under paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
7.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 6 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 3
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
      In accordance with the Program, the following measures have
been taken:
1.    The Borrower has adopted a revised package of severance
benefits for public servants that permits the efficient
restructuring of employment within the public sector.
2.    The Borrower has adopted a revised duty drawback scheme with
the following features: (a) simplicity, automaticity and
transparency of procedures; (b) a shift from a refund to a credit
system based on input/output coefficients; (c) expansion of product
coverage to include all imported raw materials and intermediate
inputs; (d) a plan to ensure dissemination of information and
publicity about the revised system; and (e) a time-bound action plan
satisfactory to the Association for implementing the scheme.
3.    The Borrower has satisfied the Association that its spending
in the social sectors in 1994 has been in accordance with the
Program and in particular:
      (a)   that expenditures in the health, education and water
supply and sanitation sectors and for social safety nets have not
dropped below the shares set out in the budget; and (b) that at
least half of the budgeted amounts for the following budget sub-
heads have been released to the implementing agencies, that is: (i)
the public welfare assistance scheme; (ii) the Social Recovery
Program; (iii) recurrent departmental charges or sub-heads related
to primary education in the provinces; (iv) grants to district
health management teams; (v) recurrent departmental charges for
drugs; and (vi) operation and maintenance expenditures in the water
Page  10
and sanitation sectors.
4.    The Borrower has adopted and started to implement a program
acceptable to the Association pertaining to incentives to attract
and retain highly skilled professionals and to linking performance
to pay and, where appropriate, has revised its job classification
system in order to reconcile it with such program.
5.    The Borrower has: (a) enacted amendments to land laws which
objectives shall be to: (i) remove the notion that land has no
value, (ii) facilitate the sub-division of land, (iii) facilitate
real estate trading and other related transactions, and (iv) reduce
land and property transfer tax; and (b) implemented policy measures
to provide for the sub-division and sale of state farms.
6.    The Borrower has adopted a financial plan for Zambia Airways
satisfactory to the Association, consistent with the need to avoid
direct and indirect support for the airline from public funds.
                           SCHEDULE 4
                         Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible expenditures means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods required during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $20,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account
and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
Page  11
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section
2.02 of this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit, less
the amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Program, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit shall follow such procedures as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further
withdrawals shall be made only after and to the extent that the
Association shall have been satisfied that all such amounts
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date of such
notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
