Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2559 GUA
                         Project Agreement
  (Water Supply Technical Assistance and Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                      GUYANA WATER AUTHORITY
                       Dated January 5, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2559 GUA
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 5, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and GUYANA WATER AUTHORITY
(GUYWA).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Guyana (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to twelve
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 12,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that GUYWA agree
to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are set
forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a Subsidiary Agreement entered into between the
Borrower and GUYWA, the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available to GUYWA on
the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Agreement; and
      WHEREAS GUYWA, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth, and the
following additional term has the following meaning, namely,
"CARICOM" means the Caribbean Common Market created by the General
Treaty for the Caribbean Community signed at Chaguramas, Trinidad
and Tobago, on July 4, 1970, by Antigua, The Bahamas, Barbados,
Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Montserrat, St. Kitts
and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad
and Tobago.
                           ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. GUYWA declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering, and environmental practices,
and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. GUYWA shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project.
      Section 2.04. GUYWA shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, GUYWA shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) GUYWA shall maintain a Project management
unit, with functions and responsibilities satisfactory to the
Association.
      (b)   GUYWA shall ensure that PMU is at all times headed by a
Project manager, reporting directly to its Vice Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, assisted by a Project accountant, a public
relations officer and a procurement advisor, all with
qualifications, experience and functions satisfactory to the
Association.
      (c)   GUYWA shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the discharge
of the functions of PMU.
      Section 2.06. GUYWA shall settle arrears in payments due by
the Borrower's agencies as provided in Section 3.07 of the
Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.07. By no later than August 31, 1994, GUYWA shall:
      (a)    complete the establishment of GUYWA's internal
organizational structure, satisfactory to the Association;
Page  3
      (b)   hire and retain the management team referred to in
Section 3.09 (c) of the Development Credit Agreement;
      (c)   appoint and thereafter retain personnel with experience
and qualifications satisfactory to the Association for key positions
of GUYWA, other than those referred to in subparagraph (b) above;
and
      (d)   complete the transfer of the water operations of the
Regional Democratic Councils to GUYWA, in accordance with the
timetable set forth in the letter from the Borrower to the
Association of even date herewith.
      Section 2.08. By no later than September 30 of each year of
Project implementation, GUYWA shall furnish to the Association, for
its review and approval:
      (a)   its business program for the upcoming calendar year,
providing for amounts sufficient, in the Association's opinion, to
carry out the Project and to cover GUYWA's normal operating costs
for such year; and
      (b)   its investment program for the upcoming three-year
period.
      Section 2.09. With regard to Part D (a) of the Project, by no
later than June 30, 1994, GUYWA shall establish and thereafter
operate a billing and collecting system, satisfactory to the
Association, including, inter alia, appropriate forms, reports,
ledgers and an operating manual.
      Section 2.10. (a) GUYWA shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)  GUYWA shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by GUYWA of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement.
      (c)   GUYWA shall participate in, and provide to the Borrower
and the Association all the information required for, the exchanges
of views referred to in Section 3.13 of the Development Credit
Agreement.
      Section 2.11. Without limitation upon other provisions of this
Agreement, by no later than August 31 and February 28 of each year
during the execution of the Project, GUYWA shall furnish to the
Association, for its review and comments, a report on the progress
achieved by GUYWA in carrying out the Project, with regard to the
semesters ending June 30 and December 31, respectively, of such
scope and in such detail as the Association may reasonably request,
including, inter alia, an assessment of the physical and financial
implementation and an impact evaluation, according to the indicators
set forth in the letter from GUYWA to the Association of even date
herewith.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of GUYWA
      Section 3.01. GUYWA shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound technical, engineering,
administrative, financial, and environmental practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. GUYWA shall at all times operate and maintain
its equipment and other property, and from time to time, promptly as
Page  4
needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and environmental
practices.
      Section 3.03. GUYWA shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                           ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) GUYWA shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including separate accounts
to reflect all resources and expenditures in respect of the Project.
      (b)   GUYWA shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than five months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. Without limitation or restriction upon other
provisions of this Agreement, GUYWA and the Association shall from
time to time review the financial condition and operational
performance of GUYWA. To that effect, GUYWA shall, at all other
times as the Association shall reasonably request, provide all
information necessary or appropriate for the purpose of conducting
such reviews.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, GUYWA shall achieve, for each of its Fiscal Years the
financial indicators set forth in the letter from GUYWA to the
Association referred to in Section 2.11 of this Agreement.
      (b)   By no later than September 30 in each of its Fiscal
Years, GUYWA shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by GUYWA and
satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would achieve the
indicators set forth in paragraph (a) above in respect of the next
two following Fiscal Years, and shall furnish to the Association the
results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any review shows that GUYWA would not achieve the
indicators set forth in paragraph (a) for GUYWA's Fiscal Years
covered by such review, GUYWA shall promptly take all such measures
as shall be necessary or advisable (including, without limitation,
adjustments of the structure or levels of its water tariffs) in
order to secure fulfillment of such requirements.
      Section 4.04. (a) Except with the prior approval by the
Association, GUYWA shall not, in any Fiscal Year during the
execution of the Project, incur any Long-term Debt.
Page  5
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Long-term Debt" means any indebtedness of GUYWA
                  maturing by its terms more than one year after
                  the date on which it is originally incurred;
           (ii)   a Long-term Debt shall be deemed to be incurred:
                  (A) under a loan contract or agreement or other
                  instrument providing for such Debt or for the
                  modification of its terms of payment on the date
                  of such contract, agreement, or instrument; and
                  (B) under a guarantee agreement, on the date the
                  agreement providing for such guarantee has been
                  entered into; and
          (iii)   whenever it shall be necessary to value, in terms
                  of Dollars, debt payable in another currency,
                  such valuation shall be made on the basis of a
                  rate of exchange acceptable to the Association.
      Section 4.05. By no later than May 31, 1994, GUYWA shall
furnish to the Association an independent audit report, prepared by
independent auditors acceptable to the Association, for its
consolidated financial statements for Fiscal Year 1993, of such
scope and in such detail as the Association shall reasonably
request.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of GUYWA thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   twenty years after the date of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify GUYWA of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
Page  6
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For GUYWA:
            Guyana Water Authority
            Sophie
            Georgetown
            Guyana
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of GUYWA, or by GUYWA on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
GUYWA's Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or such other
person or persons as he or she shall designate in writing, and GUYWA
shall furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                        GUYANA WATER AUTHORITY
                        By /s/ Odheem Ismael
                                         Authorized Representative
                         SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
Page  7
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance with
this Part A, GUYWA shall use relevant standard bidding documents
issued by the Association, with such modifications thereto as the
Association shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes of
the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents have been
issued by the Association, GUYWA shall use standard bidding
documents based on other internationally recognized standard forms
agreed with the Association.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers and Regional
            Manufacturers
1.    For the purposes of evaluation and comparison of bids for the
supply of goods: (a) bidders shall be required to state in their bid
the C.i.f. (port of entry) price for imported goods, or the ex-
factory price for domestically-manufactured goods; (b) customs
duties and other import taxes on imported goods, and sales and
similar taxes on domestically-supplied goods, shall be excluded; and
(c) the cost to GUYWA of inland freight and other expenditures
incidental to the delivery of goods to the place of their use or
installation shall be included.
2.    For goods manufactured in Guyana and in member countries of
CARICOM, GUYWA may grant a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the following provisions:
      (a)   All bidding documents for the procurement of goods shall
clearly indicate any preference which will be granted, the informa-
tion required to establish the eligibility of a bid for such
preference and the following methods and stages that will be
followed in the evaluation and comparison of bids.
      (b)   After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in
one of the following groups:
            (i)   Group A: bids offering goods manufactured in
                  Guyana, if the bidder shall have established to
                  the satisfaction of GUYWA and the Association
                  that the manufacturing cost of such goods
                  includes a value added in Guyana equal to at
                  least 20% of the Ex-factory bid price of such
                  goods.
           (ii)   Group B: all other bids offering goods from
                  within Guyana.
          (iii)   Group C: bids offering goods manufactured in a
                  country, other than Guyana, which is a party to
                  CARICOM and entitled to preferential tariffs
                  thereunder.
           (iv)   Group D: bids offering any other goods.
      (c)   All evaluated bids in each group shall be first compared
among themselves, excluding any customs duties and other import
taxes on goods to be imported and any sales or similar taxes on
goods to be supplied domestically, to determine the lowest evaluated
bid of each group. The lowest evaluated bid of each group shall then
Page  8
be compared with each other, and if, as a result of this comparison,
a bid from group A or group B is the lowest, it shall be selected
for the award.
      (d)   If, as a result of the comparison under paragraph (c)
above, the lowest bid is a bid from group C or group D, all group C
and group D bids shall be further compared with the lowest evaluated
bid from group A or group B after adding to the C.i.f. bid price of
the imported goods offered in each group C and group D bid, for the
purposes of this further comparison only, an amount equal to the
smaller of: (i) the amount of customs duties and other import taxes
which a nonexempt importer would have to pay for the importation of
the goods offered in such group C or group D bid; or (ii) 15% of the
C.i.f. bid price of such goods if said customs duties and taxes
exceed 15% of such price. If the group A bid or a group C bid is the
lowest in such further comparison, it shall be selected for the
award.
      (e)   If, as a result of the further comparison under
paragraph (d) above, a bid from group D is the lowest, all group D
bids shall be finally compared with the lowest bid from group C, as
determined under paragraph (c) above, after adding to the C.i.f. bid
price of goods to be imported offered in each group D bid, for the
purposes of this final comparison only, an amount equal to the
smaller of: (i) the difference between the amount of customs duties
and other import taxes which would actually be payable for the
importation of goods offered in such group D bid and for the
importation of goods offered in the group C bid; or (ii) 15% of the
C.i.f. bid price of goods to be imported offered in such group D
bid. If the lowest bid in such comparison is the group C bid, it
shall be selected for purposes of award; if not, the lowest bid from
group D, as determined under paragraph (c) above, shall be selected
for purposes of award.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $25,000
but less than $500,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $5,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $600,000, may be
procured on the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
3.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $25,000
but less than $100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $500,000, may be procured under competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
4.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $400,000, may be
procured on the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
5.    Electro-mechanical proprietary components for pumping stations
may be procured through direct negotiation with the supplier.
Page  9
Part E:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract for works estimated
to cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more; and (ii) each contract
for goods estimated to cost the equivalent of more than $50,000, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist GUYWA in the carrying out of the Project,
GUYWA shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultants Guidelines).
2.    For complex, time based-assignments, the GUYWA shall employ
such consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultant's services issued by the Association, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Association, GUYWA shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Association.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior
Association review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to prior
Association review shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single
source selection of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or above.
4.    GUYWA may continue to employ consultants currently employed in
the circumstances provided in paragraphs 2.16, 2.17 and 2.19 of the
Consultants Guidelines.
Page  10
