Page  1
                                                  CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2559 GUA
                   Development Credit Agreement
  (Water Supply Technical Assistance and Rehabilitation Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated January 5, 1994
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2559 GUA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 5, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower intends to contract from the
Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) a loan (the CDB Loan) in an amount
equivalent to $6,500,000 to assist in financing the Project, on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CDB (the CDB Loan Agreement);
      (B)   the Borrower intends to contract from the Overseas
Development Administration (ODA) a grant (the ODA Grant) in an
amount equivalent to $6,000,000 to assist in financing the Project,
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and ODA (the ODA Grant Agreement);
      (C)   the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (D)   the Project will be carried out by the Guyana Water
Authority (GUYWA) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of
such assistance, the Borrower will make available to GUYWA the
Page  2
proceeds of the Credit, as provided in this Agreement;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the project
agreement of even date herewith between the Association and GUYWA
(the Project Agreement);
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Fiscal Year" means the Borrower's fiscal year,
commencing January 1 and ending December 31 of each calendar year;
      (b)   "Guyana Water Authority Act" means Chapter 55:01 of the
Laws of Guyana, as amended as of the date of this Agreement;
      (c)   "MPWCRD" means the Borrower's Ministry of Public Works,
Communications and Regional Development;
      (d)   "PMU" means the Project management unit to be
established and maintained by GUYWA for purposes of the Project,
pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Project Agreement;
      (e)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the Project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to the letters from the Association to the Borrower dated
September 14, 1992 and April 22, 1993, countersigned by the Borrower
on September 23, 1992 and May 18, 1993, respectively;
      (f)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (h)   "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and GUYWA pursuant to Section 3.02 of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and such
term includes all schedules and agreements supplemental to that
agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to twelve million five hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 12,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Bank of
Page  3
Guyana, the Borrower's Central Bank, on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and payments out of,
the Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1999 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the Accrual Date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the Accrual Date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each June 1 and December 1 commencing
June 1, 2004 and ending December 1, 2033. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on December 1, 2013 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 Dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due consider-
ation by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
Page  4
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. The Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
GUYWA is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project, as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end shall:
      (a)   cause GUYWA to carry out the Project, pursuant to the
Project Agreement and the Subsidiary Agreement, with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate technical,
engineering, administrative, financial and environmental practices;
      (b)   take or cause to be taken all action, including the
provision of funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable GUYWA to carry out the Project in
a timely manner; and
      (c)   not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with the carrying out of the Project by GUYWA.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall transfer the proceeds of
the Credit allocated from time to time to Categories (1) through (4)
of the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement to GUYWA, under a subsidiary agreement containing terms
and conditions which shall have been approved by the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes of
the Credit, and, except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Association and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) shall be carried out
by GUYWA, pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.05. By no later than August 31, 1994, the Borrower
shall complete the implementation of the action plan for the
institutional restructuring of its water sector, as set forth in the
letter from the Borrower and GUYWA to the Association of even date
Page  5
herewith.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall and shall cause GUYWA to:
            (i)   by no later than July 1, 1994, put into effect
                  the water tariff levels for the period from July
                  1, 1994 through December 31, 1995 approved by the
                  Borrower's cabinet on October 19, 1993;
           (ii)   by no later than September 30 of each year during
                  the execution of the Project, beginning in 1995,
                  furnish to the Association, for its review and
                  approval, a proposal on water tariffs for the
                  upcoming calendar year, and a proposal of the
                  Borrower's operational support to GUYWA,
                  consistent with the water tariff levels referred
                  to in subparagraph (i) above, aimed at achieving
                  that, by no later than December 31, 1999, GUYWA
                  shall recover all its operating and maintenance
                  costs other than depreciation, all as set forth
                  in the letter from the Borrower to the
                  Association of even date herewith; and
          (iii)   upon the Association's approval, put into effect
                  each such water tariffs and operational support,
                  in accordance with a timetable satisfactory to
                  the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall and shall cause GUYWA to:
            (i)   by no later than August 31, 1995 complete a study
                  under Part D (c) of the Project on baseline water
                  tariffs, aimed at assuring access to water
                  services to low-income households; and
           (ii)   by no later than January 1, 1996, put into effect
                  a baseline water tariff, satisfactory to the
                  Association, based on the findings and
                  recommendations of the studies referred to in
                  subparagraph (i) above.
      Section 3.07. (a) By no later than June 30, 1995, the Borrower
shall settle arrears in payments due to GUYWA by the Borrower's
agencies, in a manner satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall put into effect mechanisms,
satisfactory to the Association, to collect future arrears of the
Borrower's agencies, through the Borrower's budget.
      Section 3.08. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   take or cause to be taken all action necessary or
appropriate to enable GUYWA to carry out the business and investment
programs referred to in Section 2.08 of the Project Agreement; and
      (b)   not take or permit to be taken any action which would
prevent or interfere with the carrying out of such programs.
      Section 3.09. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   at all times during the execution of the Project, retain
a Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GUYWA, with
experience, qualifications, functions and responsibilities
satisfactory to the Association, including the executive functions
and responsibilities assigned to MPWCRD under the Guyana Water
Authority Act;
      (b)   by no later than June 30, 1994, appoint and thereafter
retain a Board of Directors of GUYWA, with membership and
composition, satisfactory to the Association; and
Page  6
      (c)   take or cause to be taken all action necessary or
appropriate to ensure that GUYWA appoints and thereafter retains a
management team to assist the Vice Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, including, inter alia, the directors of GUYWA's departments
of Water Services and Finance, Personnel and Training Manager, and
the Chief Administrator; all with experience, qualifications,
functions and responsibilities satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.10. By not later than April 30, 1994, the Borrower
shall take or cause to be taken all action necessary or appropriate
to ensure that GUYWA adopts general procurement procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.11. Until completion of the Project, the Borrower
shall transfer to GUYWA as budgetary contributions no less than an
aggregate amount equivalent to $3,000,000, as set forth in the
letter from the Borrower to the Association of even date herewith.
All such amounts shall be deposited in an account opened in a bank
acceptable to the Association, under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.12. The Borrower shall and shall cause GUYWA to:
      (a)   by no later than December 31, 1997, furnish to the
Association, for its review and comments, the findings and
recommendations of the study carried out under Part D (d) of the
Project, on private sector capabilities and role in the water
sector; and
      (b)   by no later than June 30, 1998, furnish to the
Association an action plan to implement the recommendations of the
above study, taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
      Section 3.13. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 9.01 of the General Conditions, the Borrower,
in conjunction with the Association, shall:
      (a)   by no later than September 30 of each year during the
execution of the Project, excepting 1996, review the progress
achieved by GUYWA in carrying out the Project during the previous
year, based upon the reports furnished to the Association pursuant
to Section 2.12 of the Project Agreement, including, inter alia, an
assessment of the institutional and financial performance of GUYWA,
in accordance with the indicators set forth in the letter from GUYWA
to the Association of even date herewith on GUYWA's financial
performance and capacity to implement the Project and the
availability of the funds referred to in Section 3.11 of this
Agreement;
      (b)   by no later than September 30, 1996 review the overall
progress in the execution of the Project, the performance of the
Borrower's and GUYWA's obligations set forth or referred to in this
Agreement and the Project Agreement, respectively, and the
achievement of the objectives of the Project; and
      (c)   if, as a result of any of the above reviews, the
Association determines that the progress in the execution of the
Project or in the achievement of its objectives is not satisfactory,
the Borrower shall promptly take, or cause GUYWA to take, all such
action, satisfactory to the Association, as shall be necessary for
the efficient execution of the Project or the achievement of its
objectives.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
Page  7
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  separate accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  or payment out of the Special Account was made;
                  and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
            (ii)  furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than five months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals;
                  and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof, as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   GUYWA shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (b)   the Borrower or GUYWA shall have failed to perform any
of their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Agreement;
      (c)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that GUYWA will be able to perform
its obligations under the Project Agreement or the Subsidiary
Agreement;
      (d)   any action shall have been taken for the liquidation,
dissolution or disestablishment of GUYWA or for the suspension of
its operations;
      (e)   the Guyana Water Authority Act shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of GUYWA to perform any of its obligations
under the Project Agreement or the Subsidiary Agreement;
      (f)   the CDB Loan Agreement or the ODA Grant Agreement shall
have failed to become effective by June 30, 1994 or such later date
Page  8
as the Association may agree, provided, however, that the provisions
of this paragraph shall not apply if the Borrower and GUYWA
establish to the satisfaction of the Association that adequate funds
for the Project are available to the Borrower and GUYWA from other
sources, on terms and conditions consistent with the obligations of
the Borrower and GUYWA set forth or referred to in this Agreement;
and
       (g)  (i)   subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                  (A) the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                  proceeds of the CDB Loan or the ODA Grant shall
                  have been suspended, cancelled or terminated in
                  whole or in part, pursuant to the terms thereof;
                  or (B) the CDB Loan shall have become due and
                  payable prior to the agreed maturity thereof;
           (ii)   subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                  apply if the Borrower establishes to the satis-
                  faction of the Association that: (A) such sus-
                  pension, cancellation or termination is not
                  caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform
                  any of its obligations under the CDB Loan Agree-
                  ment or the ODA Grant Agreement; and (B) adequate
                  funds for the Project are available to the
                  Borrower and GUYWA from other sources on terms
                  and conditions consistent with the obligations of
                  the Borrower and GUYWA set forth or referred to
                  in this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of thirty days after notice thereof shall have been given by the
Association to the Borrower;
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (d) or (e) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur; and
      (c)   the event specified in paragraph (g) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject to the proviso of
paragraph (g) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an addition-
al condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions, namely, that
the Subsidiary Agreement shall have been executed and delivered on
behalf of the Borrower and GUYWA.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by GUYWA, and is legally binding upon GUYWA in accordance
with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Agreement has been duly authorized
or ratified by the Borrower and GUYWA and is legally binding upon
the Borrower and GUYWA in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date April 6, 1994 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
Page  9
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided by Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Ministry of Finance
            Main and Urquart Streets
            Georgetown
            Guyana
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MIFIN                     3038
                  Guyana
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF GUYANA
                        By /s/ Odheem Ismael
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
Page  10
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Civil Works              3,590,000        80%
(2)   Goods                    2,810,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures;
                                                100% of local
                                                expenditures (ex-
                                                factory cost);
                                                75% of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
(3)   Consultants'             2,800,000        100%
      services
(4)   Training                   570,000        100%
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  Refunding of              1,059,000        Amount due pur-
     Project Prepara-                           suant to Section
     tion Advance                               2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement.
(6)  Unallocated               1,671,000
                               _________
     TOTAL                    12,500,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures under contracts for works, goods and consultants'
services not exceeding $100,000, $25,000 and $50,000 equivalent,
respectively, and under such terms and conditions as the Association
shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to enhance the institutional
and financial efficiency of GUYWA and to improve the provision of
water services in the territory of the Borrower, through: (a) a
program of rehabilitation or replacement of water facilities; (b) a
viable operation and maintenance program for water facilities; (c)
a comprehensive human resources development program in the water
sector; (d) the establishment of an improved institutional framework
in the water sector; (e) the strengthening of GUYWA as the national
Page  11
water agency; and (f) the improvement of cost recovery and related
financial and commercial practices of GUYWA.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Facilities Rehabilitation
      Rehabilitation, including installation or replacement of
necessary equipment and related detailed engineering and design, of
water supply facilities, through:
      (a)   major upgrading of approximately 45 priority water
supply facilities in the coastal urban areas and minor upgrading of
approximately 100 water pumping stations; and
      (b)   upgrading of approximately 40 kilometers of distribution
lines and provision of approximately 4,000 house connections for the
New Amsterdam water system.
Part B:     Operation and Maintenance
      Carrying out of an operation and maintenance program aimed at
improving arrangements for breakdown maintenance and preventive
maintenance of water supply facilities, through:
      (a)   establishment of approximately three new regional
workshop facilities and improvement of the existing central
workshop;
      (b)   contracting, on a pilot basis, the operation of selected
well pumping stations and treatment plants; and
      (c)   establishment of standard operating and maintenance
procedures.
Part C:     Human Resources Development
      Carrying out of a human resources development program aimed at
planning and enhancing the skills of the manpower required in the
water sector, through:
      (a)   design and implementation of training programs for all
levels of staff, including overseas short-term training programs;
      (b)   granting of approximately 20 engineering fellowships at
the University of Guyana and 75 technician scholarships at various
technical institutes in the territory of the Borrower or overseas;
and
      (c)   development of water quality testing skills.
Part D:     Institutional Strengthening of GUYWA
      Strengthening of the organizational, managerial, financial and
operational capabilities of GUYWA as the Borrower's national water
agency, together with the restructuring and recentralization of the
water sector, through:
      (a)   design and installation of financial and commercial
management systems, and management information systems;
      (b)   periodic tariff review studies;
      (c)   refurbishment of GUYWA's offices and office equipment;
      (d)   institutional and legal studies on water resources
management and private sector capabilities and role in the water
sector; and
      (e)   carrying out of annual external audits.
Page  12
Part E:     Project Management and Evaluation
      Strengthening of PMU and evaluation of the Project impact.
Part F:    Future Projects Preparation
      Preparation of the subsequent phases of nationwide water
supply schemes.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Eligible Expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the Eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association re-
                   quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                   such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required pur-
                   suant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which replen-
                   ishment is requested. On the basis of each such
                   request, the Association shall, on behalf of the
                   Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account and
                   deposit into the Special Account such amount as
                   the Borrower shall have requested and as shall
                   have been shown by said documents and other
                   evidence to have been paid out of the Special
                   Account for Eligible Expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Page  13
Credit Account under the respective Eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
Eligible Expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the Eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the Eligible Catego-
ries shall follow such procedures as the Association shall specify
by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made
only after and to the extent that the Association shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special
Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in making
payments for Eligible Expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for Eligible Expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
