Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2228 PAK
            (Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                               and
                         PROVINCE OF SINDH
                                and
                      PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                                and
                      AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR
                        Dated July 31, 1991
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2228 PAK
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1991, among INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and PROVINCE OF
SINDH acting by its Governor (Sindh), PROVINCE OF
BALOCHISTAN acting by its Governor (Balochistan) and AZAD
JAMMU AND KASHMIR acting by its President (AJK).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between the Islamic Republic of
Pakistan (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to ninety-six
million four hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 96,400,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that Sindh, Balochistan and AJK agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the credit provided for under
the Development Credit Agreement will be made available
to Sindh, Balochistan and AJK; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS Sindh, Balochistan and AJK, in consideration
of the Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, have agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and in the
General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Sindh, Balochistan and AJK declare
their commitment to the objectives of the Project as set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
rural water supply and sanitation practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association and Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall
otherwise agree, Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall carry
out the Project in accordance with the Implementation
Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall, for the
purposes of the Project, open and maintain in dollars
special accounts in the National Bank of Pakistan on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special
Accounts, shall be made in accordance with the provisions
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall carry
out the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04,
9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement and their respective Parts of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall,
at the request of the Association, exchange views with
the Association with regard to the progress of the
Project, the performance of their obligations under this
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Credit.
      (b)   Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall promptly
Page  3
inform the Association of any condition which interferes
or threatens to interfere with the progress of the
Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Credit, or the performance by Sindh, Balochistan and AJK
of their obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall
maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices their
operations and financial condition in respect of the
Project.
      (b)   Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall:
            (i)   have their records and accounts and those
                  for the Special Accounts for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon
                  as available, but in any case not
                  later than nine months after the end
                  of each such year, the report of
                  such audit by said auditors, of such
                  scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                  information concerning said records and
                  accounts as well as the audit thereof, as
                  the Association shall from time to time
                  reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree:
      (a)   Sindh and Balochistan shall each, with effect
from July 1, 1991, apply and implement a policy,
satisfactory to the Association, of (i) providing grants
from government resources to finance a proportion of the
capital cost of the communal facilities to be provided
under RWSS schemes, (ii) requiring management and
financial responsibility for the operation and
maintenance of all completed RWSS schemes to be assumed
exclusively by the communities served by such schemes,
and (iii) providing funds, raised through charges, cesses
and other levies, to such communities to be applied by
them, in conjunction with their own resources,
exclusively for the operation and maintenance of the
communal facilities provided under such schemes; and
      (b)   AJK shall continue to apply and implement its
current policy, satisfactory to the Association, of (i)
providing grants from government resources to finance a
proportion of the capital cost of the communal facilities
to be provided under RWSS schemes, and (ii) requiring
management and financial responsibility for the operation
and maintenance of all completed RWSS schemes to be
assumed exclusively by the communities served by such
schemes, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such
application.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which the Development Credit
Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations
of the Association and of Sindh, Balochistan and AJK
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the
following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance
                  with its terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty (20) years after the date
                  of this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates
in accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify Sindh, Balochistan and AJK of this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      For Sindh:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Sindh
            Karachi, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT SINDH               952-23950
                  Karachi, Pakistan
      For Balochistan:
Page  5
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Balochistan
            Quetta, Pakistan
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT               952-7875
                  Quetta, Pakistan
      For AJK:
            Planning and Development Department
            Government of Azad Jammu and Kashmir
            Muzaffarabad, Azad
               Jammu and Kashmir
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Sindh,
Balochistan and AJK, or by Sindh, Balochistan and AJK on
behalf of the Borrower under the Development Credit
Agreement, may be taken or executed in each case by the
Additional Chief Secretary (Development), Planning and
Development Department, and by or such other person or
persons as they shall respectively designate in writing,
and they shall respectively furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Michael H. Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                  PROVINCE OF SINDH
                  PROVINCE OF BALOCHISTAN
                  AZAD JAMMU AND KASHMIR
                  By /s/ Arshad Farooq
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
Page  6
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall
be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $50,000 or more each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Pakistan may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally,
in accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association. To the extent practicable, contracts for
works shall be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost
the equivalent of $250,000 or more each. Bidders for
works estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or
more per contract shall be prequalified in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.    Office furniture and machinery, pumping plant,
laboratory equipment, vehicles and other items estimated
to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000 per contract,
up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$10,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as
provided in Part C.1 hereof, the procedures set forth in
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to the first contract for civil
works to be awarded by each agency responsible for the
carrying out of the Project, each subsequent contract for
civil works to be awarded by each such agency and
estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more,
and each contract for goods to be procured in accordance
with the procedures referred to in Part A.1 hereof, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of a Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Account in respect
of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of a Special Account, such procedures shall be
Page  7
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said
paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part
of the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4
of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Bank has authorized withdrawals on the basis of
statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist Sindh, Balochistan and AJK in (a)
project design and supervision, (b) conducting planning
studies, (c) strengthening management and finance, (d)
imparting training in hygiene and sanitation, community
mobilization skills and other areas as necessary, (e)
establishing management information systems, and (f)
preparing future investment projects and programs and
conducting other studies, Sindh, Balochistan and AJK
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Association on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    Implementing Agencies
      (a)   Responsibility for Project implementation shall
be assigned as follows:
            (i)   in Sindh, to PHED for Parts A.1 (a), (c),
                  (d), (e), (g) and (h) and B.1 (a) of the
                  Project; to RDD for Parts A.1 (b), (f)
                  and (i) and B.1 (b) of the Project;
           (ii)   in Balochistan, to PHED for Parts A.2
                  (a), (b) and (c) and B.2 (a) of the
                  Project; to LGRDD for Parts A.2 (d) and
                  B.2 (b) of the Project; and to P&D for
                  Part B.2 (c) of the Project; and
          (iii)   in AJK, to LGRDD for Parts A.3 and B.3 of
                  the Project.
      (b)   Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall each
establish, not later than March 31, 1992, multi-
disciplinary Project Implementation Teams, each composed
inter alia of a facilitator, a health educator and a sub-
engineer, all drawn from the existing line departments.
2.    Operational Action Plan
      In carrying out their respective activities under
the Project, Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall adhere to
the Operational Action Plan (OAP) dated March 8, 1991,
which sets forth agreed targets and dates for monitoring
physical progress and achievement of policy objectives of
the Project. The OAP shall be reviewed and updated
annually as agreed with the Association.
Page  8
3.    Selection of RWSS Schemes
      Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall ensure that no RWSS
scheme will be considered eligible for financing under
the Project unless and until:
      (a)   the village or rural township community where
the  scheme is to be located shall have formed a water
supply association or other similar organization to
represent the community; and
      (b)   such association or other organization, acting
for the community, shall have signed a memorandum of
understanding satisfactory to the Association with the
responsible line department of Sindh, Balochistan or AJK,
as the case may be, so as to assume exclusive management
and financial responsibility for the operation and
maintenance of the scheme upon its completion, pursuant
to the applicable policy referred to in Section 3.02 of
this Agreement.
4.    Land Acquisition
      Pursuant to Section 9.08 of the General Conditions,
Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall, not later than March
31, 1992, make arrangements satisfactory to the
Association for the acquisition of land required for the
first two years of Project implementation.
5.    Mid-Term Review
      Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall, together with the
Borrower and the Association, carry out a mid-term review
of the Project, not later than September 30, 1994, in
accordance with terms of reference acceptable to the
Association, and shall make such adjustments in the
activities to be carried out under the Project and the
related organizational and operational arrangements as
shall have been agreed with the Association in light of
the conclusions of such review.
6.    Progress Reports
      Pursuant to Section 9.06 of the General Conditions,
Sindh, Balochistan and AJK shall, not later than sixty
(60) days after the end of each semester, beginning with
the semester ending December 31, 1991, furnish to the
Association progress reports on the Project, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Association.
