Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3354 EGT
                     (Gas Investment Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                       PETROLEUM GAS COMPANY
                     Dated September 26, 1991
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3354 EGT
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 26, 1991, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PETROLEUM GAS
COMPANY (PETROGAS).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation (the Borrower)
and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower
an amount in various currencies equivalent to eighty-four million
dollars ($84,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that PETROGAS agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and PETROGAS, a portion of the proceeds of the
Loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to
PETROGAS on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Loan Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS PETROGAS, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
             Execution of Parts A and C of the Project
      Section 2.01. PETROGAS declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts A and C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and natural gas
development and distribution practices, and shall provide, or cause
to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for Parts A and C of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and experts' services required for Parts A
and C of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. PETROGAS shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement
and Parts A and C of the Project.
      Section 2.04. PETROGAS shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, PETROGAS shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) PETROGAS shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of Parts A and
C of the Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   PETROGAS shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
A and C of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by PETROGAS of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.06. PETROGAS shall: (i) establish within its
organization, not later than June 30, 1992, an adequately staffed
marketing unit; and (ii) complete through said unit, not later than
December 31, 1992, a gas market development survey, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 2.07. PETROGAS shall enter into a revised contract,
satisfactory to the Bank, with Egypt Gas Company (Egyptgas) of the
Guarantor under which the latter will perform engineering, construc-
tion and procurement services for the former under Part A of the
Project.
Page  3
                          ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of PETROGAS
      Section 3.01. PETROGAS shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and natural gas distribution practices under
the supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. PETROGAS shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
natural gas distribution practices.
      Section 3.03. PETROGAS shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. (a) PETROGAS shall at all times take all such
action within its powers to maintain its corporate existence and
right to carry on its operations, and take all steps necessary to
acquire, maintain and renew all rights, powers, privileges and
franchises which are necessary or useful in the conduct of its
business and for the execution of Parts A and C of the Project.
      (b)   Except in the normal course of its business, PETROGAS
shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its
properties or assets which shall be required for the efficient
operation of its business and undertaking so as to, in the opinion
of the Bank, affect materially and adversely the ability of PETROGAS
to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) PETROGAS shall maintain separate records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its natural gas and its liquified petroleum gas operations
and financial condition.
      (b)   PETROGAS shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial state-
                  ments (balance sheets, statements of income and
                  expenses and related statements) for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited,
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
PETROGAS shall not incur any debt, unless the net revenues of
PETROGAS for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of such
incurrence or for a later twelve-month period ended prior to the
date of such incurrence, whichever is the greater, shall be at least
1.5 times the estimated maximum debt service requirements of
Page  4
PETROGAS for any succeeding fiscal year on all debt of PETROGAS,
including the debt to be incurred.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
                  PETROGAS maturing by its terms more than one year
                  after the date on which it is originally
                  incurred.
           (ii)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment on the date of such
                  contract, agreement or instrument; and (B) under
                  a guarantee agreement, on the date the agreement
                  providing for such guarantee has been entered
                  into.
         (iii)    The term "net revenues" means the difference
                  between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations adjusted to take
                        account of PETROGAS' prices in effect at
                        the time of the incurrence of debt even
                        though they were not in effect during the
                        twelve-month period to which such revenues
                        relate and net non-operating income; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions including administration, adequate
                        maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu of
                        taxes, but excluding provision for
                        depreciation, other non-cash operating
                        charges and interest and other charges on
                        debt.
           (iv)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
            (v)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
           (vi)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made on
                  the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                  time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
      PETROGAS shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its
      fiscal year ending on June 30, 1992, funds from internal sources
      equivalent to not less than 25% of the annual average of PETROGAS'
      capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that
      year, the previous fiscal year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before March 31 in each of its fiscal years, PETROGAS
Page  5
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PETROGAS and satisfac-
tory to the Bank, review whether it would meet the requirements set
forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and the next
following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that PETROGAS would not meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for PETROGAS' fiscal
years covered by such review, PETROGAS shall promptly take, in
conjunction with the Borrower, all necessary measures (including,
without limitation, adjustments of the structure or levels of its
prices) in order to meet such requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                        related to operations, consumer deposits
                        and consumer contributions in aid of
                        construction, net non-operating income and
                        any reduction in working capital other than
                        cash; and
                  (B)   the sum of all expenses related to opera-
                        tions, including administration, adequate
                        maintenance and taxes and payments in lieu
                        of taxes (excluding provision for deprecia-
                        tion and other non-cash operating charges),
                        debt service requirements all cash
                        dividends and other cash distributions of
                        surplus, increase in working capital other
                        than cash and other cash outflows other
                        than capital expenditures.
           (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                  difference between:
                  (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                        related to operations; and
                  (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                        lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                        of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)   The term "working capital other than cash" means
                  the difference between current assets excluding
                  cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                  fiscal year.
           (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                  all assets other than cash which could in the
                  ordinary course of business be converted into
                  cash within twelve months, including accounts
                  receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                  and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                  operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)   The term "current liabilities" means all liabili-
                  ties which will become due and payable or could
                  under circumstances then existing be called for
                  payment within twelve months, including accounts
                  payable, customer advances, debt service require-
                  ments, taxes and payments in lieu of taxes, and
                  dividends.
           (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                  aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking
                  fund payments, if any) of, and interest and other
                  charges on, debt.
Page  6
          (vii)   The term "capital expenditures" means all
                  expenditures incurred on account of fixed assets,
                  including interest charged to construction,
                  related to operations.
         (viii)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                  shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                  currency of the Guarantor, debt payable in
                  another currency, such valuation shall be made on
                  the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                  exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                  time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of PETROGAS thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify PETROGAS thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
        For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For PETROGAS:
            Petroleum Gas Company
            Othman Abd El-Hafiz Street
            Nasr City, Cairo
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  PETROGAS                  93049 PET GAS
Page  7
                  Cairo
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of PETROGAS, or by PETROGAS on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
Chairman of PETROGAS or such other person or persons as PETROGAS
shall designate in writing, and PETROGAS shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Michael H. Wiehen
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                  PETROLEUM GAS COMPANY
                  By /s/ Erfan Shafey
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
                 Procurement and Experts' Services
                under Parts A and C of the Project
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Arab Republic
of Egypt may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with,
and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to (i) the first two contracts for goods,
and (ii) each subsequent contract for goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $2,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
Page  8
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank
prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account
in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-
graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Contracting of Experts' Services
      In order to assist PETROGAS in the carrying out of Part C of
the Project, PETROGAS shall contract the services of experts whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of employment
shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such experts shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
