Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3207 ME
 (Road Transport and Telecommunications Sector Adjustment Loan)
                             between
                      UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                               and
              INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                         AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 5, 1990
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3207 ME
                       GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 5, 1990, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received a letter dated May 4, 1990
from the Guarantor describing a program of actions, objectives and
policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of the
Guarantor's road transport and telecommunications sectors (herein-
after called the "Program"), declaring the Guarantor's commitment to
the execution of the Program and requesting assistance from the Bank
in the financing of imports required during such execution;
      (B)   by an agreement of even date herewith (the Loan Agree-
ment) between the Bank and Banco Nacional de Obras y Servicios
Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), the Bank has agreed to extend to
the Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to three
hundred eighty million dollars ($380,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition
Page  2
that the Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement and
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      (C)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Bank has
decided, in support of the Program, to provide such assistance to
the Guarantor by making the Loan in two tranches to the Borrower on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                 General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, (the
General Conditions), with the modifications set forth in Section
1.01 of the Loan Agreement constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                Guarantee; Transfer of Funds
      Section 2.01. (a) Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all the other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank may otherwise agree, shall not change or fail to
enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.
                           ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Guarantor and the Bank, and the Borrower
pursuant to Section 3.02 (a) of the Loan Agreement, shall, on a
quarterly basis and the request of any party, exchange views on the
progress achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions
specified in the Schedule to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views, the Guarantor, and
the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.02 (b) of the Loan Agree-ment,
shall furnish to the Bank, for its review and comment, a report in
such detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, on the matters
specified in paragraph (a) of this Section.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, pro-
curement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause to be
provided, to the Borrower all documents and records in respect of
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Loan required
to enable the Borrower to comply with the provisions of Section 4.01
of the Loan Agreement.
                           ARTICLE IV
Page  3
             Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Gua-
rantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de
              Captacion de Credito Externo
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito
              Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central, Oficina 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.,
            Mexico
                                          Telex:
                                              1777313-SHDCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT)
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Gustavo Petricioli
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE I
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (c)
                of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement
1.    That the Guarantor shall have raised the price of diesel fuel
by not less than 10% (in real terms) over the level prevailing on
Page  4
March 30, 1990, so as to improve the level of cost recovery for the
maintenance and improvement costs associated with the use of the
highway network by truckers.
2.    That the Guarantor shall have completed a study to determine
the long-run variable costs associated with the transportation of
cargo by FERRONALES and shall have approved an increase, effective
not later than January 1, 1991, of the rates charged by FERRONALES
for the transportation of selected commodities which together
account for at least 70 percent of its total cargo traffic revenues
to a level equal in real terms to 125% of the rates for each of such
commodities prevailing on March 30, 1990, or to the long-run
variable costs associated with the transportation of each of such
commodities, whichever shall be lower.
3.    That the Guarantor shall have caused SCT to submit to SPP, and
subsequently the Guarantor shall have submitted to its Congress, a
proposed Fiscal Year 1991 budget in which there is allocated for
highway maintenance expenditures (reconstruction and routine
maintenance) an amount equal at least to 475 thousand million Pesos
in real terms, of which at least 40% shall be allocated for routine
maintenance.
4.    That the Guarantor shall have issued regulations requiring
mandatory periodic inspection of trucks to monitor compliance with
federal emission standards.
5.    That the Guarantor shall have taken the following actions to
improve road safety:
      (a)    presented to the Bank a plan of action to improve road
safety; and
      (b)    completed the first phase of a study under terms of
reference agreed to with the Bank on the size of vehicles and cargo
loading practices of truckers and initiated phase two and phase
three of such study under terms of reference agreed to with the Bank
for the purpose of recommending measures to enforce size and weight
regulations for truckers;
6.    That the Guarantor shall have made progress in implementing
the TELMEX Privatization Plan.
7.    That the Guarantor shall have furnished to the Bank a program
for the business development of TELECOMM, including financial and
investment programs through the Fiscal Year 1994.
8.    That the Guarantor shall have engaged consultants under terms
of reference satisfactory to the Bank to provide technical
assistance to SCT in developing its regulatory capacity in the
telecommunications sector and shall have enacted regulations
governing the licensing of telecommunications networks and services.
9.    That the Guarantor shall have furnished to the Bank a program
of action to strengthen SCT's regulatory capabilities in
telecommunications.
