Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3769 LE
                             Project Agreement
           (Irrigation Rehabilitation and Modernization Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                COUNCIL FOR DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION
                           Dated August 10, 1994
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3769 LE
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated August 10, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COUNCIL
FOR DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION (CDR).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Lebanese Republic (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to fifty-seven million two
hundred thirty thousand dollars ($57,230,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that CDR agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B) by a subsidiary agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and CDR, the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be made available to CDR as a
grant on the terms and conditions set forth in said subsidiary
agreement; and
      WHEREAS CDR, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) CDR declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial and engineering
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, and except as the Bank and CDR shall
otherwise agree, CDR shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. CDR shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      Section 2.04. CDR shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, CDR shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CDR shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CDR shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by CDR of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of CDR
      Section 3.01. CDR shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and engineering and environmental practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. CDR shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
Page  3
the Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts
as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CDR shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   CDR shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements),
                  for each Fiscal Year audited, in accordance
                  with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than six (6) months after
                  the end of each such Year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such Year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of all such audits
                  by said auditors of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audits thereof, as
                  the Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Bank and of CDR thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify CDR thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
Page  4
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.                 82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For CDR:
            Council for Development and Reconstruction
            P.O. Box 116-5351
            Beirut, Lebanese Republic
            Cable address:
                  CDR, Tallet El-Seray
                  Beirut, Lebanese Republic
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of CDR, or by CDR on behalf of
the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed
by the President or such other person or persons as the
President shall designate in writing, and CDR shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                          RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Tariq Husain
                        Acting Regional Vice President
                        Middle East and North Africa
                        COUNCIL FOR DEVELOPMENT AND
                          RECONSTRUCTION
                        By /s/ Riad Tabbarah
                        Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:        Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
Page  5
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines).
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitation to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide
that, when the contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid price will be
increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed correction
factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken
into account in the bid evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A.1, the Borrower shall use the relevant
standard bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such
modifications thereto as the Bank shall have agreed to be
necessary for the purposes of the Project. Where no relevant
standard bidding documents have been issued by the Bank, the
Borrower shall use bidding documents based on other
internationally recognized standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for civil works shall
be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent
of $3,000,000 or more, and contracts for goods shall be grouped
into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $150,000
or more.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
the Lebanese Republic may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $19,200,000 in
total may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Items or groups of items of equipment and materials
estimated to cost the equivalent of $150,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $600,000, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations solicited from at least three suppliers
from at least three different countries eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Bank.
3.    Items or groups of items of equipment and materials
estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $400,000, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
4.    Items of equipment and materials of a proprietary nature
may be procured through direct contracting with suppliers, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
5.    Certain specialized works, not exceeding the equivalent of
$100,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,000,000, may either be procured through direct contracting
with contractors, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
Page  6
the Bank, or be carried out by force account.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to (i) each contract awarded under Part
A.1 hereof; (ii) each contract for works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more; and (iii) each contract for
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to
be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said
paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
2.    The figure of ten percent (10%) is hereby specified for
purposes of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:       Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist CDR in carrying out the Project, CDR
shall employ consultants: (i) whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to
the Bank; and (ii) who shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For
complex, time-based assignments, CDR shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed with the Bank. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, CDR shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to: (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each; or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior Bank
review shall not apply to: (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $150,000
equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individuals raising the contract value to $75,000
Page  7
equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
A.    Project Management, Implementation and Coordination
1.    CDR shall at all times have the overall responsibility for
managing and implementing the Project, including responsibility
for the procurement and disbursement processes under the
Project, and for the maintenance of the Project's accounts.
2.    MOHER shall be responsible for the execution of the
rehabilitation activities under Part A.1 of the Project, as
well as Parts A.2, B and C of the Project. LRA and the WAs
shall be responsible for operation and maintenance activities
under Part A.1 of the Project.
3.    The responsibilities of MOHER shall include: (a) preparing
feasibility studies; (b) supervising the preparation of
engineering and tender documents, the packaging of contracts,
the work of consultants, and the execution of civil work
contracts and studies; and (c) liaising with MOA to coordinate
the execution of the Project.
4.    MOA shall be responsible for the execution of Parts D, E
and F of the Project, and shall liaise with MOHER in cases
where GP participates in the execution of rehabilitation works
for small Irrigation Schemes under Part A.1 (b) of the Project.
5.    The Technical Coordination Committee (TCC), established by
the Borrower to coordinate the implementation of the ERRP,
shall coordinate the implementation of the Project,
particularly the implementation of activities under Part A.1 of
the Project with those under Parts A and C of the ERRP.
Representatives of MOA, GP, LRA and ARIL shall be invited to
attend the meetings of TCC.
B.    Operation and Maintenance Plan
      CDR, in coordination with MOHER, shall prepare and furnish
to the Bank for its review and comments, not later than July
31, 1995, a plan for the operation and maintenance by the WAs
of the Irrigation Schemes to be rehabilitated under Part A.1 of
the Project, and shall, not later than December 31, 1995,
commence implementation of said plan, taking into account the
Bank's comments thereon.
C.    Work Program
      CDR, in coordination with MOHER and MOA, shall prepare and
furnish to the Bank, not later than December 31 of each year,
commencing December 31, 1994: (i) a work program, together with
a budget, in respect of the activities to be carried out in the
course of the twelve months immediately following the date of
the above-mentioned program, by the WAs under Part A.1 of the
Project, LRA under Parts B (i) and C of the Project, GP under
Part B (ii) of the Project and MOA under Parts D, E and F of
the Project; and (ii) on a semi-annual basis, commencing June
30, 1995, a report describing the progress achieved by each of
the above-mentioned agencies in carrying out its respective
Part or Parts of the Project.
D.    Mid-Term Review
1.    Not later than October 31, 1997, CDR shall prepare and
furnish to the Bank a report, of such scope and in such detail
as the Bank shall reasonably request, describing, on the basis
of indicators agreed upon between CDR and the Bank, the
progress achieved in carrying out the Project.
2.    The Bank and CDR shall carry out a mid-term review, not
Page  8
later than December 31, 1997, during which they shall exchange
views on the report referred to under Section D.1 of this
Schedule, and, thereafter, CDR shall take all action which CDR
and the Bank shall have agreed is required on CDR's part for
the attainment of the objectives of the Project.
E.    Employment of Consultants
      CDR shall, pursuant to the provisions of Section II of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement, employ (i) not later than
December 31, 1994, an irrigation agronomist to assist MOHER in
the carrying out of its Project coordination functions; (ii)
not later than March 31, 1995, four (4) applied research
experts to assist MOA in the execution of Part D of the
Project; (iii) not later than March 31, 1995, an irrigation
engineer to assist MOHER in the execution of Part A.1 of the
Project; and (iv) not later than June 30, 1995, an extension
expert to assist MOA in the execution of Part F of the Project.
