Report No. PIC4977
Project Name                             Eritrea-Health Project
Region                                   Africa
Sector                                   Health
Project ID                               ERPA43124
Borrower                                 Government of Eritrea
Implementing Agency                      Zonal Health Offices, Ministry
of Health,Provincial Governments
Date this PID prepared                   February 24, 1997
Projected Appraisal Date                 June 15, 1997
Projected Board Date                     January 28, 1998
Background
1.      Health Status. In Eritrea, health status indicators are poor.
Life expectancy is about 46 years. Infant mortality is 135 per
thousand live births, and maternal mortality is around 1,000 per
100,000 live births. Perinatal and maternal problems, diarrhea,
acute respiratory infections, TB and malaria are among the leading
causes of illnesses. These diseases comprise over 62% of the burden
of disease (BOD) in the country with immunizable diseases,
nutritional problems, injury and trauma, and STDs/HIV/AIDS
accounting for a large share of the remaining disease burden. There
is substantial variation from one region to another in health
indicators with the highland regions having child and maternal
mortality rates one third as high as in the low and semi-arid areas
of the country. Many of the health problems in Eritrea can be
addressed by PHC interventions. The minimal provision for financial
support in health facilities, especially for drugs, contribute to
the low utilization rate of less than one visit per person
annually.
2.      Health Policy and Strategy. The Government of Eritrea has
been actively developing and implementing a health sector policy
designed to address the major BOD. In its Macro-Policy Document,
the Government has set forth two principle objectives, to: (i)
reduce the BOD, and (ii) empower the public via education to engage
in good health practices and improve productivity. In support of
these objectives, a strategic plan, focused on increasing the
coverage of PHC services, was developed by MoH to achieve the above
objectives. While MoH's efforts to date have been relatively
successful in broadening coverage of PHC services such as EPI, safe
motherhood, including the share of women obtaining antenatal care,
the delivery of other essential PHC services for TB and malaria,
for example, have not had the external support from international
donors to rapidly extend service coverage. To accomplish the
implementation of PHC, improvements in the financing, organization
and management of health infratructure is considered vital.
3.      The Government's strategic plan also addresses broad national



goals of equity, service accessibility, affordability, community
involvement (especially in financing), intersectoral collaboration,
and decentralization of decision making authority. Sustainable
development of the health sector at all levels of the system is
viewed by the Ministries of Health, Local Government and Finance
and regional authorities as crucial to the country's development.
To this end, MoH has recently embarked on a new cost sharing
policy, designed to be administered by the regional administrations
who will bear the responsibility for paying for free care
exemptions and which has disincentives for self referral to higher
levels of the health care system. The country has also promulgated
policy guidelines regarding essential drugs to further enhance the
possibility of sector sustainability. These guidelines provide the
basis for the Netherlands and possibly Denmark to provide support
to finance the purchase of pharmaceuticals.
4.      The Government has initiated a strategy to decentralize
authority and decision making in the newly formed six regions.
Although the guidelines for decentralizing sectoral managerial
authority to the regions has not fully evolved, line ministries
like MoH are expected to provide technical oversight to the health
initiatives undertaken by the regions. The proposed project is
being developed with the understanding that the process of
decentralization will continue to emerge during the implementation
phase.
5.      Project Objectives. The overall objective of the proposed
project is to assist the Government of Eritrea to reduce its burden
of disease. Specifically, the project aims to: (a) improve health
care services, by strengthening the PHC service delivery system's
infrastructure with fully equipped rural health facilities and
referral health care facilities; and (b) improve health services
sustainability, by strengthening the capacity for planning,
managing, and implementing the efficient delivery of health
services, in line with the ongoing decentralization. These
objectives directly support the policy guidelines of the sector as
outlines in
paras. 2-4 above.
6.      Project Description. To accomplish the above stated
objectives, the proposed project will include the following
components:
Component 1 - Improve Health Care Service Delivery, by
strengthening the PHC service delivery system's infrastructure with
fully equipped rural health facilities and referral health care
facilities
(i) Health Stations/Health Centers Sub-Component, would support the
establishment of a fund so existing health stations and health
centers, currently under-equipped and therefore not operational,
can obtain the equipment necessary to extend PHC coverage and
improve health status. The fund will be administered by the MoH to
which communities can apply. To sustain efforts in this area, each
participating community would be requested to develop their own
-2 -



plan for assuring the maintenance and equipment of the purchased
equipment and provision for replacement in the future.
(ii) Hospital Construction Sub-Component, would be to finance the
construction and equipping of two referral hospitals in the new
zonal capitals of Barentu and Mendefera. Consistent with the
Government's decentralization process and the emerging
relationships between the central and regional governments,
regional authorities would, in collaboration with community
members, develop their respective regional plans for the financing
and management of the new hospitals, in conjunction with related
rural health facilities.
(iii) Equipping of Hospitals Sub-Component, would finance the
equipping of two referral hospitals in Barentu and Mendefera
Component 2 - Improve Health Services Sustainability, by
strengthening the capacity for planning, managing, and implementing
the efficient delivery of health services, in line with the ongoing
decentralization.
(iv) Financial and Managerial Systems Sub-Component, would assist
the Government in developing alternative mechanisms to promote
local involvement and managerial responsibility within hospitals
and rural health facilities and to locally raise additional revenue
to sustain both the hospital, its rural health facilities, and PHC
programs in the region where new hospitals would be constructed,
including the piloting of locally-administered drug revolving funds
and health insurance schemes.
(v) Project Management Sub-Component, would strengthen the capacity
for project implementation, monitoring, and evaluation within
relevant departments of MoH and regional health offices. In
addition, funds would be made available to support operational
research to help refine basic policy framework, and adapt
operational strategies to the Eritrean context through phased
testing of delivery and financing systems, operations research and
studies to evaluate project progress and outcomes
7.      Project Financing. The total cost of the project is estimated
at US$13.5 million of which US$9.15 million is proposed for the IDA
Credit. A contribution of US$1.35 million is proposed for the
Government of Eritrea. The Nordic Development Fund will co-finance
the remaining US$3.00 million. The breakdown of the total project
costs by sub-component is as follows: Hospital Construction (44%),
Equipping of Hospitals (229-), Health Stations and Health Centers
(159), Financial and Managerial Systems (15%), and Project
Implementation (4%).
8.      Project Implementation. The project would be implemented by
the operational units of the Ministry of Health (MOH) as part of
their normal functions, with the Vice Minister having oversight
management responsibilities. The Planning Bureau of MoH, in
collaboration with other departments within MoH and the Ministry of
Local Government (MoLG), would have the responsibility for project
-3 -



preparation and implementation. It would be assisted by a Project
Management Unit which would coordinate and manage the day-to-day
activities of the project. The Department of Administration of MOH
and its operational divisions would have overall responsibility for
the financial, procurement and disbursement aspects of the project.
MoH will take a leadership role in the establishment of the
policies required to finance and manage the health care system and
pilot various health financing schemes. Governing bodies will be
established for the construction and management of the regional
hospitals to ensure the participation of communities and local and
non-governmental entities in the management and financing of the
regional hospitals to be constructed under the proposed IDA Credit.
9.      Project Sustainability. The preparation phase would involve
key stakeholders to assure a clear understanding of and build
consensus on the objectives of the project, its scope, and the
implementation roles of units at different levels of sector
management. This sector-wide understanding is crucial for timely
implementation and for keeping the project objectives focused in
the minds of major implementation agents. Active participation at
the central, regional, and community levels in the management of
health facilities and in financing health services would build
capacity and ownership in the system. The household survey,
financed under the PHRD Grant, would provide baseline information
for determining different modalities and options for cost-
containment, cost sharing and cost recovery. Mobilization of
additional resources through the development of partnerships in
health care financing would progressively help to develop a
sustainable program and protect the sector against Government
budget shortfalls. Improved efficiency gains resulting from better
management and financing of health services would also help meet
the sector's recurrent cost needs. While the hospital construction
represents the largest single component, it provides a vehicle for
significant policy dialogue and opportunity to work with the
Government of Eritrea to restructure its financing and managerial
approach in the health sector. This component provides a ready
experiment to work out a strategy for developing a sustainable
financial and managerial policy for the country, not only for
hospitals but also for all of the other health centers and health
stations operating throughout the country.
10.     Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector.
The proposed project would be the first IDA-financed operation in
the health sector. Since independence, the Bank has supported two
operations benefiting the social sector -- the Community
Development Fund as part of the Recovery and Rehabilitation Program
for Eritrea (Cr. 2478-ER) and the Eritrean Community Development
Fund (Cr 2823-ER), currently in its first year of operation.
Broadly, these operations aim at providing immediate assistance in
transforming the poor conditions of Eritrean communities through
the implementation of community-based socio-economic rehabilitation
and development projects. In the context of the health sector,
these operations will provide assistance for health infrastructure
rehabilitation and/or construction. Two lessons may be drawn from
the first operation Community Development Fund: (i)
- 4 -



beneficiary/stakeholder participation is crucial to the
implementation of project activities; and (ii) funding of recurrent
costs should be carefully planned and secured to assure and sustain
the investment operations such as the construction/rehabilitation
of health facilities. The proposed health operation would address
both issues. The participation of key stakeholders will be sought
early in the preparatory phase; client consultations would be
carried out to build consensus on national priorities and
activities to be supported by the project, and to elicit their
participation during the project implementation phase. The issue
relating to the financing of recurrent costs would be addressed in
a practical manner, by not only including PHC financing concerns
but also by addressing how PHC financing is interlinked with the
financial sustainability of the hospital sector
11.     Poverty Category. The proposed project would assist in
reducing poverty by improving the health status of the population.
Through investing in infrastructure that allow for efficient
referral health care, related equipment, and management, the
coverage and quality of essential services to address basic health
needs will be increased. Efforts aimed at reducing Eritrea's BOD in
a cost-effective and sustainable manner will translate in better
health outcomes and increased productivity. Women's issues will be
addressed through the expansion and improvement of quality services
for women and children. The operation supports improvements in the
overall management of hospital and rural health facility services,
and the development of partnerships for health and viable mechanism
for health care financing, two important elements that contribute
to poverty alleviation and future sustainability.
12.     Environmental aspects. The proposed operation is classified
as a "Category B" project as there are environmental concerns
associated with waste disposal (i.e., water, human, fecal,
discharge, etc.) from the new hospitals to be constructed. The
Master Plan and the architectural design for the new hospitals will
address issues relating to the proper management and treatment of
waste disposal. Other analysis will be carried out as may be
necessary to ensure that environmental concerns associated with the
project are adequately addressed.
13.     Program Objective Category. The proposed project supports
poverty alleviation. The operation is designed to address basis
needs by improving both access to and quality of services, and more
importantly, to improve health outcomes which in turn, increases
productivity. It would assist in building capacity at the central,
regional, and community levels to improve the overall performance
of the sector's health delivery system and to develop ownership of
the project. Beneficiary and stakeholder involvement in all phases
of the project cycle would improve the overall efficiency and
effectiveness in the management of health care programs.
Contact Point:           Public Information Center
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
- 5-



Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending April 18, 1997.
- 6 -



ANNEX
ENVIRONMENTAL
The environmental concerns regarding the two hospitals relate to
the disposal of waste material from them, including water, fecal,
human tissue, medical supplies including used needles and syringes,
and other potentially toxic discharges. In the design of the two
facilities, special attention has been and will be continually
given by the project architect to the design of proper disposal
methods, along with the requisite management training necessary to
ensure that the new disposal methods will be implemented. The
architect has focused on this issue as it is a part of her TOR and
has already discussed and reported on the installation of special
fire pit technologies to burn most waste materials with Eritrean
authorities, and how the materials will be managed to ensure that
they will be incinerated. Within the management sustainability
component, courses will be devised to work with health facility
management staff to account for waste disposal in a proper manner.
Within the periodic supervision missions for the project, World
Bank staff will review the progress being made on this issue, and
where necessary will develop corrective action.
-7 -



