Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3407 ME
                    (Primary Education Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                      Dated October 14, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3407 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 14, 1991, between UNITED MEXICAN
STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Nacional Financiera, S.N.C. (the
Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and priority
of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have
requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred fifty million
dollars ($250,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such loan
and to undertake such other obligations as provided in this
Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
other obligations as provided in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan
Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objective of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
educational, financial, environmental and administrative standards
and practices. Without limitation or restriction upon any of its
other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide, in a timely manner
as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 of the Loan Agreement and,
except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail
to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of the Schedule to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. With regard to Parts A.1 and A.2 of the Project,
the Guarantor, through SEP, shall cause: (a) public primary school
supervisors to distribute Educational Material packages with a
greater monetary value per student (as compared to other schools) to
indigenous and CONAFE schools and general primary schools with no
more than one or two teachers serving all primary grades; and (b)
the precise content of these packages to be readjusted on the basis
of a school needs survey to be furnished to the Bank no later than
November 30, 1991.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor, through SEP's Educational
Publications Unit (Unidad de Publicaciones Educativas), shall carry
out Part A.3 of the Project by distributing library books: (a)
during the first year of Project implementation, to indigenous
Page  3
schools and to those rural schools having no more than five
teachers; and (b) during subsequent years, to urban schools and
larger rural schools in addition to the schools referred to in (a)
hereof.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Guarantor, through SEP, shall carry out
Parts B.1, B.2, B.3 and B.4 of the Project with the assistance of
GTCs and GTEs, such GTCs and GTEs to act under the overall
supervision of: (i) DGEI in the case of indigenous teacher,
principal or supervisor training; (ii) DGEP in the case of general
primary education teacher, principal or supervisor training;  (iii)
CONAFE in the case of CONAFE community instructors; and (iv) CONACEN
in the case of teacher trainers.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall cause: (i) each GTC to be composed
of teacher training specialists, of which approximately half shall
be SEP professionals and the other half shall be professionals
provided by teacher training institutions, such as those listed in
Part B.4 of the Project; (ii) the GTCs to train the members of the
GTEs, supervise the GTEs and prepare, test and produce the course
materials required for Parts B.1, B.2 and B.4 of the Project; (iii)
the GTEs to: (A) select and train the instructors who will train the
teachers, principals or supervisors; (B) monitor the progress of
such teachers, principals or supervisors in the courses they take;
(C) in general be responsible for the day-to-day operation of the
training offered under Parts B.1, B.2 and B.4 of the Project; and
(D) monitor the attendance of teachers, principals or supervisors at
training sessions; and (iv) the incentives described in Part B.3 of
the Project to be distributed in accordance with the terms of the
SEP's regulation of the promotion rules for its employees
(Reglamento de Escalafon de los Trabajadores al Servicio de la
Secretaria de Educacion Publica) issued in 1974, and SEP's letter to
the Bank, dated August 8, 1991 regarding these matters.
      (c)   With regard to Parts B.1, B.2 and B.4 of the Project,
the Guarantor, through SEP, shall, not later than June 30, 1992,
submit to the Bank, for review, a detailed description of the
teacher training courses (consisting of course objectives, subject
matter, time allocation and instructional techniques) and materials
to be provided under such Parts of the Project, such courses and
materials to be consistent with the objectives of the Project.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Guarantor shall carry out Part B.5 of
the Project through a technical committee headed by a general
coordinator and including representatives from each of DGEI, DGEP
and CONAFE, all acting under the supervision of SEP's Educational
Television Unit (Unidad de Television Educativa) and with technical
assistance financed by the Loan.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SEP, shall: (i) cause radio
programs under Part B.5 of the Project to be broadcast by local
radio stations for free as part of their obligation by law to
provide free transmission time to the Guarantor (in the case of
indigenous language programs, the Guarantor, through SEP, shall
cause INI operated stations to make the free broadcasts); (ii) cause
television programs under Part B.5 of the Project to be broadcast by
the public television station Radio Television de Oaxaca under a
similar free air time arrangement; and (iii) present, not later than
April 30, 1992, to the Bank, for approval, the description of all
programs under Part B.5 of the Project, as well as their
transmission schedule in the case of programs to be broadcast.
      Section 3.07. (a) The Guarantor shall cause: (i) CAPFCE to
carry out all civil works financed with proceeds of the Loan; (ii)
new facilities constructed under Part C.3 of the Project, and to the
extent feasible, facilities rehabilitated under Part C.1 of the
Project to follow prototype designs satisfactory to the Bank; and
(iii) no furniture and equipment to be procured under the Project
unless contained in prototype furniture and equipment lists,
satisfactory to the Bank, prepared for each type of facility by SEP.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SEP, shall, no later than
Page  4
December 31, 1991, complete preparation of technical plans
(expedientes tecnicos), satisfactory to the Bank, for all
rehabilitation work under Part C.1 of the Project to be undertaken
during the first year of Project implementation.
      (c)   The Guarantor, through the SCEPs, with the participation
of parents' associations and technical assistance from CAPFCE, shall
carry out Part C.4 of the Project in accordance with preventive
maintenance plans, satisfactory to the Bank, prepared by each of the
SCEPs. SCEPs which have not presented such a plan to the Bank by the
Effective Date shall present their plans to the Bank by no later
than June 30, 1992.
      (d)   The Guarantor shall cause all civil works for public
primary school facilities in the Project States (including those
carried out by PNS) to be monitored by SEP.
      Section 3.08. The Guarantor shall cause the SCEPs to carry out
Part D.1 of the Project under the supervision of DGPRL and in
accordance with SEP's July 1991 Lineamientos para el Pago del
Incentivo a Maestros de Educacion Primaria por Laborar en
Localidades Rurales de Marginacion Extrema (Guidelines for the
Payment of Incentives to Primary School Teachers for Working in
Extremely Impoverished Rural Localities).
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor shall cause the SCEPs to provide
the work incentives described in Part D.2 of the Project, under the
supervision of DGPRL and in accordance with SEP's July 1991
Lineamientos para el Otorgamiento del Apoyo a la Funcion de
Supervision Escolar en la Educacion Primaria, por Laborar en
Localidades Rurales de Marginacion Extrema (Guidelines for the
Support of Primary School Supervisors Working in Extremely
Impoverished Rural Localities).
      Section 3.10. The Guarantor, through SEP, shall use the
warehouses constructed under Part D.3 of the Project in a manner
consistent with the inventory control system referred to in
paragraph 3 (c) of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor, through DGPPP, shall carry out
Part D.5 of the Project by: (a) first undertaking an information
needs study according to terms of reference already agreed with the
Bank (the results of such study to be furnished to the Bank by no
later than December 30, 1991); and (b) carrying out an information
system action plan already agreed with the Bank (which plan shall be
modified, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, by no later than
February 29, 1992 so as to take into account the results of the
information needs study).
      Section 3.12. The Guarantor, through DGEIR: (a) shall carry
out Part D.6 of the Project in accordance with the terms of SEP's
February 1991 Proyecto de Evaluacion de la Calidad de la Educacion
Primaria en los Estados de Chiapas, Guerrero, Hidalgo y Oaxaca
(Project to Evaluate the Quality of Primary School Education in the
States of Chiapas, Guerrero, Hidalgo and Oaxaca); and (b) not later
than June 30, 1992, submit to the Bank, for review, the student
tests and questionnaires for parents, children, and school teachers
and directors to be included in the survey to be carried out in 1992
pursuant to such Proyecto de Evaluacion.
      Section 3.13. The Guarantor, through SEP, shall keep the Bank
informed of the progress of the studies carried out under Part D.7
of the Project, and shall make available to the Bank, as soon as
available, all the data gathered in carrying out those studies.
      Section 3.14. The Guarantor shall: (a) maintain within SEP the
PCU, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, for the general purpose
of coordinating, monitoring and evaluating execution of the Project,
including contracting all technical assistance and studies under the
Project, such PCU to report to SEP's Undersecretary for Educational
Coordination (Subsecretario de Coordinacion Educativa) and to
DGPPP's General Director for Planning, Programming and Budgeting
Page  5
(Director General de Planeacion, Programacion y Pre-  supuesto), and
to be staffed on a full-time basis by an operating director, a
financial controller, a procurement specialist, an administrative
coordinator, a coordinator for Parts A and D.3 of the Project, a
coordinator for Parts D.1, D.2 and D.6  of the Project, a
coordinator for Part B of the Project, a coordinator for all civil
works under the Project and an information system specialist for
Part D.5 of the Project; and (b) cause the SEP General Directorates
participating in the Project, together with CAPFCE and CONAFE, to
each appoint a representative to a technical committee that shall
operate as a liaison with the PCU.
      Section 3.15. The Guarantor shall maintain within each SCEP a
SPCU, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, for the general purpose
of coordinating, monitoring and evaluating execution of the Project
in each of the Project States, each such SPCU to report to the
SCEPs' directors and the PCU, and to be staffed by professionals
filling positions identical to those of the PCU.
      Section 3.16. (a) The Guarantor, through the PCU, shall
monitor and evaluate execution of the Project based on the
performance indicators and Project progress review criteria
contained in SEP's letter to the Bank, dated August 13, 1991,
regarding Project monitoring and evaluation.
      (b)   By no later than September 30 of each year during
Project implementation, beginning on September 30, 1992, the
Guarantor shall cause the PCU and SPCU operating directors to
prepare and submit to the Bank reports, based on the indicators and
criteria referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section, on the
implementation of the Project during the immediately preceding
twelve months.
      (c)   The Guarantor, through SEP, the SCEPs, SHCP and SPP and
together with the Borrower, shall participate in annual reviews of
Project implementation to be held in conjunction with the Bank each
month of November during Project implementation, beginning in 1992.
Each such review shall, based on the reports referred to in
paragraph (b) of this Section, examine the status of Project
implementation and conclude with the finalization of an annual plan
of action satisfactory to the Bank, including specific goals and
projections for Project implementation for the immediately upcoming
twelve months. Each such annual plan of action shall be carried out
by the Guarantor during the immediately upcoming twelve months.
      (d)   Each such annual plan of action shall, inter alia:
            (i)    list all civil works for public primary
                   education facilities carried out in the Project
                   States by the Guarantor through SEP and PNS
                   during the immediately preceding twelve months,
                   and to be carried out through SEP and PNS during
                   the immediately upcoming twelve months and
                   include, if necessary, adjustments in the amount
                   and type of civil works to be carried out under
                   the Project;
           (ii)    include technical plans (expedientes tecnicos)
                   satisfactory to the Bank, for all rehabilitation
                   work to be carried out under Part C.1 of the
                   Project during the immediately upcoming twelve
                   months;
          (iii)    include evidence, satisfactory to the Bank, that
                   the land for new facilities to be constructed
                   under the Project during the immediately
                   upcoming twelve months has been purchased by or
                   donated to the Guarantor, through SEP (or to the
                   relevant Project State in the case of a state,
                   as opposed to federal, facility) and that such
                   facilities will be adequately staffed; and
Page  6
            (iv)   list the schools for which teacher incentives
                   will be paid under Part D.1 of the Project
                   during the immediately upcoming twelve months.
      Section 3.17. (a) In addition to the annual reviews referred
to in Section 3.16 of this Agreement, the Guarantor, through SEP,
with the assistance of consultants employed in accordance with the
provisions of Section II of the Schedule to this Agreement, shall
complete a mid-term review of the Project and present the results to
the Bank no later than September 30, 1994, such mid-term review to
assess initial Project impact with regard to meeting Project
objectives and conforming to SEP policies, with particular focus on
the effectiveness of Parts A.3, A.4, B, D.1, D.2 and D.3 of the
Project and on the progress of studies undertaken under Part D.7 of
the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SEP, shall, not later than
November 30, 1994, initiate the carrying out of action plans,
satisfactory to the Bank, for the implementation of the components
of the Project, such plans to be based on the results of the mid-
term review referred to in paragraph (a) hereof.
      Section 3.18. The Guarantor, through SEP, shall, not later
than February 29, 1992, enter into agreements, satisfactory to the
Bank, with each of the Project States of Chiapas and Guerrero, which
agreements shall contain provisions whereby such Project States
shall, with regard to state (as opposed to federal) public primary
schools, be obligated, inter alia, to: (a) distribute Educational
Materials received from SEP under Part A of the Project in a manner
consistent with Sections 3.03 and 3.04 of this Agreement; (b)
adequately supervise performance of teachers and other staff; (c)
allow and encourage teachers, supervisors and principals to obtain
training under Part B of the Project; (d) provide information for
the annual and mid-term reviews referred to in Sections 3.16 and
3.17 of this Agreement; and (e) in no way interfere with the
Guarantor's compliance with its obligations under this Agreement.
      Section 3.19. If, during the course of Project implementation,
state (as opposed to federal) public primary schools are established
in the Project States of Oaxaca and Hidalgo, the Guarantor, through
SEP, shall enter into agreements with these Project States in terms
identical to those of the agreements with the Project States of
Chiapas and Guerrero referred to in Section 3.18 of this Agreement.
Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall not
change or fail to enforce any provisions of the agreements with the
Project States referred to in this Section or in Section 3.18 of
this Agreement.
      Section 3.20. The Guarantor shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) with regard to the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Guarantor shall maintain records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance with sound
accounting practices, the operations, resources and expenditures of
SEP (including the PCU and SPCUS) in connection with the execution
of the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, for each Fiscal
                   Year audited, in accordance with generally
                   accepted auditing standards and procedures
                   consistently applied, by independent and
                   qualified auditors;
Page  7
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts as well as
                   the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Guarantor shall:
            (i)    maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                   this Section, records and separate accounts
                   reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the Fiscal
                   Year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account or payment out of the Special Account
                   was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                   invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                   evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and separate accounts
                   are included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      (d)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall provide to
the Borrower any information that may be required by the Borrower to
comply with the Borrower's obligations under Section 4.01 (b) of the
Loan Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 5.01. The Director General de Captacion de Credito
Externo of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico
            Direccion General de Captacion de Credito Externo
            Palacio Nacional
            Patio Central, piso 4
            Despacho 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
                                           Telex:
                                             1777313 SHDCME
Page  8
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Bangkok, Thailand, as of the day
and year first above written.
                         UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                         By /s/ Pedro Aspe Armella
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                             SCHEDULE
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts shall be grouped into bid
packages estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or more for
goods or $2,000,000 or more for works.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    The following may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank:
Page  9
      (a)   works estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$2,000,000 per contract or bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $129,000,000; and
      (b)   goods estimated to cost the equivalent of less than
$250,000 per contract or bid package, as follows: (i) furniture and
equipment (excluding Educational Materials and vehicles), up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $6,000,000; (ii) Educational Mate-
rials (excluding printing of library books), up to an aggregate
amount equivalent to $9,000,000; (iii) printing of library books for
Part A.3 of the Project, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$2,000,000; and (iv) school supplies, such as pencils, notebooks,
chalks, erasers and paper, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$30,000,000.
2.    (a)   Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $3,000,000; (b) furniture and equipment (excluding
Educational Materials and vehicles) estimated to cost the equivalent
of $25,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up to an aggre-
gate amount equivalent to $1,000,000; (c) Educational Materials
(excluding printing of library books) estimated to cost the
equivalent of $25,000 or less per contract or per bid package, up to
an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,900,000; (d) school supplies
estimated to cost the equivalent of $35,000 or less per contract or
per bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $3,000,000;
and (e) printing of library books for Part A.3 of the Project
estimated to cost the equivalent of $35,000 or less per contract or
per bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $500,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible
under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to
the Bank.
Part D:     Standard Documents
      All procurement for goods or works, whether or not
international competitive bidding applies, shall take place using
standard bidding documents which are satisfactory to the Bank.
Part E:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) each contract procured under Part
A.1 of this Section; and (ii) the first contract procured by each
SCEP and SEP under Part C.1 of this Section, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the
Bank prior to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes of
Page  10
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying out the Project,
the Guarantor shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
