Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3899 LE
                             Project Agreement
              (Solid Waste/Environmental Management Project)
                                  between
                   INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                              AND DEVELOPMENT
                                    and
                COUNCIL FOR DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION
                          Dated September 6, 1995
                                                            Loan No. 3899
                                PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 6, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and COUNCIL
FOR DEVELOPMENT AND RECONSTRUCTION (CDR).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Lebanese Republic (the Borrower) and the Bank, the
Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to fifty-five million dollars
($55,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Loan Agreement, but only on condition that CDR agree to
undertake such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in
this Agreement;
      (B)   by a Subsidiary Agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and CDR, the proceeds of the loan provided for
under the Loan Agreement will be made available to CDR as a
grant on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS CDR, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
Page  2
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                                Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to
this Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have
the respective meanings therein set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                         Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) CDR declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
environmental practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services
and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Bank and CDR shall
otherwise agree, CDR shall carry out the Project in accordance
with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) CDR shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project
Agreement.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, CDR shall:
             (i)    prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable
                    to the Bank, and furnish to the Bank not later
                    than six (6) months after the Closing Date or
                    such later date as may be agreed for this
                    purpose between the Bank and CDR, a plan for
                    the future operation of the Project;
            (ii)    afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to
                    exchange views with CDR on said plan; and
           (iii)    thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                    diligence and efficiency and in accordance
                    with appropriate practices, taking into
                    account the Bank's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. CDR shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, CDR shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning
or waiving the Subsidiary Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) CDR shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of the
Page  3
Project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   CDR shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or
the performance by CDR of its obligations under this Agreement
and under the Subsidiary Agreement.
      2.06.       CDR shall ensure that the sites referred to
under Part B.1 of the Project are acquired in accordance with
the provisions of Section 2 of Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
pursuant to a timetable acceptable to the Bank.
                                ARTICLE III
                     Management and Operations of CDR
      Section 3.01. CDR shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial, engineering and environmental practices under the
supervision of qualified and experienced management assisted by
competent staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. CDR shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                ARTICLE IV
                            Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) CDR shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   CDR shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of
                  income and expenses and related statements) for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but
                  in any case not later than nine (9) months
                  after the end of each such year, (A) certified
                  copies of its financial statements for such
                  year as so audited and (B) the report of such
                  audit by said auditors of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
                                 ARTICLE V
                       Effective Date; Termination;
                        Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Page  4
Bank and of CDR thereunder shall terminate on the date on which
the Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
terms, and the Bank shall promptly notify CDR thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                ARTICLE VI
                         Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For CDR:
            P.O. Box 116-5351
            Beirut
            Lebanese Republic
            Cable address:
                  CDR, Tallet El-Seray
                  Beirut, Lebanese Republic
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of CDR, or by CDR on behalf of
the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed
by the President of CDR or such other person or persons as the
President of CDR shall designate in writing, and CDR shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
Page  5
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Inder Sud
                                           Acting Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa Region
                  COUNCIL FOR DEVELOPMENT AND
                    RECONSTRUCTION
                  By /s/ Nabil El Jisr
                                                Authorized Representative
                                SCHEDULE 1
                   Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A: International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II
of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA
Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines),
and in accordance with the following additional procedures:
      (a)   When contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, such period may be extended once, subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2.59 of
the Guidelines, by the minimum amount of time required to
complete the evaluation, obtain necessary approvals and
clearances and award the contract. The bid validity period may
be extended a second time only if the bidding documents or the
request for extension shall provide for appropriate adjustment
of the bid price to reflect changes in the cost of inputs for
the contract over the period of extension. Such an increase in
the bid price shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation. With respect to each contract made subject to the
Bank's prior review in accordance with the provisions of Part
D.1 (a) of this Section, the Bank's prior approval will be
required for (i) a first extension of the bid validity period
if the period of extension exceeds sixty (60) days and (ii) any
subsequent extension of the bid validity period.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods and works in accordance
with this Part A.1, CDR shall use the relevant standard bidding
documents issued by the Bank, with such modifications thereto
as the Bank shall have agreed to be necessary for the purposes
of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding documents
have been issued by the Bank, CDR shall use bidding documents
based on other internationally recognized standard forms agreed
with the Bank.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for the supply of
goods shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more.
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in
Page  6
the Lebanese Republic may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of paragraphs
2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of
Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C: Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the
basis of comparison of price quotations obtained from a list of
at least three suppliers from at least three different
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $500,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance
with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
3.    Works estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or less
per contract, and works under Parts B.1 and B.2 of the Project,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D: Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and
final contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment
out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where
payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the
two conformed copies of the contract together with the other
information required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the
evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4
to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b)
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals
from the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements
of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist CDR in carrying out the Project, CDR
shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis
of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981 (the Consultant Guidelines). For
Page  7
complex, time-based assignments, CDR shall employ such
consultants under contracts using the standard form of contract
for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Bank. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the
Bank, CDR shall use other standard forms agreed with the Bank.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Bank review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
the employment of individuals estimated to cost less than
$50,000 equivalent each. However, said exceptions to prior Bank
review shall not apply to (a) the terms of reference for such
contracts, (b) single-source selection of consulting firms, (c)
assignments of a critical nature, as reasonably determined by
the Bank, (d) amendments to contracts for the employment of
consulting firms raising the contract value to $100,000
equivalent or above, or (e) amendments to contracts for the
employment of individual consultants raising the contract value
to $50,000 equivalent or above.
                                SCHEDULE 2
                          Implementation Program
1.    Project Management
      (a)   CDR shall at all times have the overall
responsibility for managing and implementing the Project,
including responsibility for the procurement and disbursement
processes under the Project, the maintenance of Project
accounts, the award and supervision of contracts, and the
employment of consultants.
      (b)   Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, CDR
shall, pursuant to the provisions of Section II of Schedule 1
to this Agreement, continue to employ an environmental expert,
to assist CDR in the day-to-day monitoring of the carrying out
of environmental assessments under the Project.
      (c)   CDR shall vest in PCU the authority to monitor
activities carried out under Parts A, B and D of the Project.
      (d)   The Technical Coordination Committee (TCC),
established by the Borrower to coordinate the implementation of
the ERRP, shall be responsible for coordinating the
implementation of the Project. Membership of the TCC shall be
expanded to include representatives of the Participating
Municipalities.
2.    Environmental Assessments
      CDR shall, in accordance with a timetable acceptable to
the Bank:
       a)   carry out an environmental assessment (EA) in
connection with each disposal site to be used under the
Project, including, without limitation, the landfills referred
to under Part B.1 of the Project, the compost plants referred
to under Part B.3 of the Project, the compost plant and
incinerator referred to under Part B.4 of the Project and the
incinerator referred to under Part B.5 of the Project;
      b)    furnish to the Bank, for its approval, a report,
including findings and recommendations, in connection with each
EA carried out pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section;
Page  8
      c)    following receipt of the Bank's approval of an EA, in
connection with which a report shall have been furnished to the
Bank pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this
Section, cause the Participating Municipality in whose
jurisdiction the EA shall have been carried out to acquire the
disposal site or sites recommended under the corresponding EA
report, provided, however, that no such site or sites shall be
acquired if, in so doing, involuntary resettlement of local
population shall occur; except that CDR itself shall acquire
the required sites in those cases where the municipalities are
incapable of performing the envisaged responsibilities under
the Project; and
      d)    ensure that all environmental mitigation and
monitoring measures, recommended under each report furnished to
the Bank in connection with an EA which shall have been carried
out pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this
Section, shall be implemented.
3.    Part B.2 of the Project
      CDR shall, not later than September 30, 1996, prepare and
furnish to the Bank for its review and comments a plan to
rehabilitate the waste dumps referred to under Part B.2 of the
Project, and shall, after exchanging views with the Bank with
respect to said plan, commence implementation thereof, not
later than March 31, 1997, taking into account the Bank's
comments thereon.
4.    Eligibility Criteria for Participating Municipalities
      CDR shall ensure that equipment financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated to Part A of the Project shall
be made available to a Participating Municipality only after
CDR shall have received evidence, satisfactory to the Bank,
that said Participating Municipality has:
      a)    acquired the requisite number of disposal sites
pursuant to the procedure provided for under the provisions of
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of Section 2 of this Schedule, or
made alternative disposal arrangements satisfactory to the
Bank;
      b)    entered into an agreement with a private sector
contractor pursuant to which said contractor shall perform, on
behalf of the Participating Municipality, solid waste
collection and disposal services, or provided evidence,
satisfactory to the Bank, of its own capacity to perform the
same; and
      c)    prepared a plan designed to ensure recovery of the
costs to the Participating Municipality of providing solid
waste collection services.
      However, in those cases where CDR has acquired the
landsites, on an exceptional basis, in accordance with the
provisions of Section 2(c) of this Schedule, CDR shall enter
into the appropriate arrangements with private sector
contractors and prepare cost recovery plans, until such time as
the operation can be taken over by the appropriate
municipality.
5.    Progress Reports
      Without prejudice to the provisions of Section 9.07 of the
General Conditions, CDR shall, not later than March 31, and
September 30 of each year until completion of the Project,
commencing March 31, 1996, prepare and furnish to the Bank a
report, of such scope and in such detail as the Bank shall
reasonably request, describing the progress achieved in the
implementation of the Project.
Page  9
6.    Mid-term Review
      CDR shall:
      a)    maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable
it to monitor and evaluate on an on-going basis, in accordance
with indicators satisfactory to the Bank, the carrying out of
the Project and the achievement of the objectives thereof;
      b)    prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Bank, and furnish to the Bank, not later than October 31, 1998,
a report integrating the results of the monitoring and
evaluation activities, performed pursuant to the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, on the progress achieved in the
carrying out of the Project during the period preceding the
date of said report and setting out the measures recommended to
ensure the efficient carrying out of the Project and the
achievement of the objectives thereof during the period
following such date;
      c)    review with the Bank, not later than December 31,
1998, the report referred to under paragraph (b) of this
Section, and, thereafter, take all measures required on CDR's
part to ensure the efficient completion of the Project and the
achievement of the objectives thereof, based on the conclusions
and recommendations of the said report and the Bank's views on
the matter.
