Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3628 ME
                        Guarantee Agreement
        (Highway Rehabilitation and Traffic Safety Project)
                              between
                       UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 8, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3628 ME
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1993, between UNITED MEXICAN STATES
(the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de Obras y
Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to four hundred eighty
million Dollars ($480,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as set
forth in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower and to undertake such
Page  2
other obligations as set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through SCT
(except for Part A.4 of the Project which shall be carried out by
the Guarantor through SHCP) with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with sound technical, financial, administrative and
environmental standards and practices. Without limitation or
restriction upon any of its other obligations under the Guarantee
Agreement, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and
the punctual performance of all the other obligations of the
Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
      Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall provide or cause to be
provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds, facilities,
services and other resources required for the Project.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor shall enter into the contractual
arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of the Loan Agreement
and, except as the Bank may otherwise agree, shall not change or
fail to enforce any provisions of such contractual arrangements.
The Guarantor shall exercise its rights under such contractual
arrangements in such manner as to protect the interests of the
Guarantor and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
Work specifications for Subproject civil works shall incorporate the
specifications referred to in Part A.6 (b) of the Project.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the
General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance, use of goods
and services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition) with regard to the Project.
      Section 3.04. (a) The Guarantor, through SCT, shall maintain
records and separate accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, the resources and expenditures in
connection with the Project.
      (b)   The Guarantor, through SCT, shall:
Page  3
            (i)   have its records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures, by
                  independent and qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year, a certified copy of the report
                  of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and
                  in such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts as well as
                  the audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, or for all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals were made from the Special Account, the Guarantor shall
provide to the Borrower all records and accounts necessary to allow
the Borrower to perform its obligations punctually under Article IV
of the Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Guarantor undertakes that, unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, all Subprojects shall be selected according
to the procedures and criteria set forth or referred to in Section
I of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.  If for any fiscal year the Bank
does not approve Subprojects as indicated in Section II of Schedule
1 to this Agreement, the Bank may nevertheless allow financing out
of the proceeds of the Loan for uncompleted Bank-approved
Subprojects which were commenced in a prior fiscal year.
      Section 3.06. (a) Throughout the course of Project
implementation, and without limitation to the provisions of Section
9.07 of the General Conditions, the Guarantor:
            (i)   through SCT, shall, in a form satisfactory to the
                  Bank, furnish every four months during Project
                  implementation reports to the Bank on Subproject
                  progress;
           (ii)   through SCT, shall furnish annual progress
                  reports to the Bank regarding the Project. Each
                  such report shall be furnished to the Bank no
                  later than one month prior to each annual review
                  referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section,
                  shall be in a form satisfactory to the Bank and
                  shall, inter alia, compare Project advances with
                  the targets, timetable and indicators set forth
                  in the Implementation Letter and provide an
                  analysis regarding the traffic safety situation
                  on federal roads; and
          (iii)   through SHCP, shall furnish annual progress
                  reports to the Bank regarding the Guarantor's
                  recovery (expressed in terms of the Guarantor's
                  currency) from road users of the Guarantor's road
                  costs attributable to those users. Each such
                  report shall be furnished to the Bank no later
                  than one month prior to each annual review
                  referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section.
      (b)   By no later than October 31 of each year, beginning in
1993 and throughout the course of Project implementation, the
Guarantor shall cause the Borrower to furnish to the Bank for
discussion the Guarantor's proposed budget distribution for federal
road and vehicular traffic bridge rehabilitation, resurfacing and
maintenance for the immediately subsequent fiscal year.
Page  4
      (c)   The Guarantor, through SCT and SHCP, shall participate
in annual reviews of Project implementation to be held in
conjunction with the Bank and the Borrower each month of January
during Project implementation, beginning in 1994. Each such review
shall, based inter alia on the reports referred to in paragraph (a)
of this Section and on the budget approved by the Guarantor's
legislative branch for the fiscal year in which such review takes
place, examine the status of Project implementation, address the
annual review topics referred to in Annex 3 of the Implementation
Letter and result in the preparation by the Guarantor of an annual
plan of action for the Project, satisfactory to the Bank, such
annual plan of action to be carried out by the Guarantor during the
fiscal year in which such review takes place.
      (d)   Each annual plan of action referred to in paragraph (c)
of this Section shall, inter alia: (i) identify all Subprojects to
be commenced during the relevant fiscal year as indicated in
paragraph 1 of Section II of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; (ii)
indicate actions to be taken by the Guarantor during the relevant
fiscal year to comply with the timetables and targets specified in
Annex 2 of the Implementation Letter; and (iii) indicate actions to
be taken as a result of discussion with the Bank regarding the
topics referred to in Annex 3 of the Implementation Letter
(including actions to remedy any shortfall in Project implementation
identified during the course of the annual review held with the
Bank).
      (e)   The Guarantor, through SCT and SHCP, shall participate
in a Project implementation midterm review to be held with the Bank
and the Borrower as part of the annual review to be held in 1995.
During such midterm review, attention shall particularly focus,
inter alia, on the midterm review topics referred to in Annex 3 of
the Implementation Letter.
      Section 3.07. With regard to Part A.4 of the Project, the
Guarantor shall continue to pursue its policy of ensuring that
charges are collected from road users which are sufficient to cover
at least the short-term marginal road costs, attributable to such
users, that are incurred by the Guarantor. The Guarantor, through
SHCP and under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, shall:
(a) prepare a study and recommendations on the road financing
strategies and resource mobilization options available to the
Guarantor; (b) furnish such study and recommendations for comment to
the Bank no later than December 31, 1994; and (c) if the Bank and
the Guarantor agree with regard to the suitability of such
recommendations, prepare by June 30, 1995, and thereafter carry out,
an action plan satisfactory to the Bank with respect to the
implementation of such recommendations.
      Section 3.08. With regard to Part A.5 of the Project, the
Guarantor shall, no later than December 31, 1993, enact and
thereafter enforce the road vehicle size and weight regulation (a
draft of which is attached to a letter from the Borrower to the Bank
dated April 30, 1993).
      Section 3.09. The Guarantor shall, according to a timetable
satisfactory to the Bank, carry out the ameliorative measures
referred to in Section I, Part C.5 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.10. During any given fiscal year throughout Project
implementation, the Guarantor shall limit the road rehabilitation
Subprojects it carries out through force account to no more than 30%
of the road rehabilitation Subprojects (measured in terms of their
estimated cost) it commences in that fiscal year.
      Section 3.11. The Guarantor, through SCT, shall contract
independent consultants to provide technical assistance at SCT's
headquarters in Mexico City in supervising Subproject civil works
and in coordinating implementation of the SCT Program, and may
contract independent consultants to provide such services at SCT's
delegations in the States of Mexico as well.
Page  5
      Section 3.12. For purposes of Part A.1 (a) of the Project, the
Guarantor shall formally establish CGP within SCT by no later than
December 31, 1993.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representatives of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Director General de Credito Publico of the
Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Direccion General de Credito Publico
            Secretaria de Hacienda y
                  Credito Publico
            Palacio Nacional, Patio Central
            Oficina 4025
            06066 Mexico, D.F., Mexico
                                    Telex:
                                      1777313-SHOCME
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                  By /s/ Rogelio Gasca Neri
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ M. G. Sri-ram Aiyer
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                          SCHEDULE 1
             Procedures and Criteria for Selection and
Page  6
                    Bank Approval of Subprojects
Section I:  Subproject Selection
Part A:     Bridges
      Bridge Subprojects shall be selected through sound application
of SIPUMEX. Any bridge Subproject with an estimated cost equivalent
to or greater than $150,000 shall have an economic benefit/cost
ratio, calculated in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, greater than
one.
Part B:     Hazardous Road Sites (Black Spots)
      Hazardous road site Subprojects shall be selected, in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, taking into account the technical
assistance provided under Part C.1 (c) of the Project.
Part C:     Roads
1.    Road Subprojects shall be selected through sound application
of SISTER-Mex, which application shall: (a) take into account
accurate and annually updated road condition and traffic level data;
and (b) be supplemented by field verifications of such condition and
traffic level data.
2.    Each selected road Subproject shall have an estimated economic
rate of return, calculated in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, of
no less than 25% (except a limited number of such Subprojects which,
as set forth in paragraph 1 (d) of Section II of this Schedule, may
have an estimated economic rate of return, calculated in a manner
satisfactory to the Bank, of no less than 12%).
3.    Each selected road Subproject, to the extent it involves
capital expenditure civil works as defined in paragraph 2 (c) of
Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement, shall result in a new construction
having an estimated structural design life of at least 15 years
(unless a technical study demonstrates to the satisfaction of the
Bank that a shorter design life is appropriate).
4.   Each selected road Subproject involving a road for which
traffic may be significantly influenced, in the opinion of the Bank,
by the presence or planned construction of a competing toll road,
shall be justified by a detailed economic analysis which considers
the Subproject road and the toll road as one unitary road system.
5.    No selected road Subproject shall require changes in road
alignment or involve negative environmental implications for which
ameliorative measures, satisfactory to the Bank, have not been
identified through an environmental assessment carried out in a
manner satisfactory to the Bank.
Section II:  Subproject Approval by the Bank
1.    All Subprojects to be commenced in a fiscal year shall be
identified by the Guarantor in such fiscal year's annual plan of
action referred to in Section 3.06 (c) of this Agreement.  Such
annual plan of action shall also identify which of said Subprojects
the Guarantor proposes be partially financed out of the proceeds of
the Loan. All Subprojects proposed to be partially financed out of
the proceeds of the Loan and to be commenced in a particular fiscal
year shall be simultaneously approved by the Bank as one package
during the annual review (referred to in Section 3.06 (c) of this
Agreement) in January of that fiscal year only if:
      (a)   all Subprojects to be commenced during the fiscal year
in question are selected according to the criteria set forth in
Section I of this Schedule;
      (b)   the budget approved by the Guarantor's legislative
branch for all Subprojects to be commenced during the fiscal year in
question and for federal road network routine maintenance to be
Page  7
undertaken during such year is consistent with the relevant annual
budget indicated in the SCT Program;
      (c)   the budget approved by the Guarantor's legislative
branch is also sufficient to cover the completion of any uncompleted
Bank-approved Subprojects commenced in a prior fiscal year;
      (d)   the estimated cost of Subprojects which have an economic
rate of return of at least 12% but less than 25% shall equal no more
than 10% of the total Subproject budget approved by the Guarantor's
legislative branch for the fiscal year in question; and
      (e)   the Guarantor, through SCT and SHCP, presents evidence
to the Bank that: (i) the Subproject budget approved by the
Guarantor's legislative branch for the fiscal year in question shall
be made available in such a way that at least a majority of such
budget can be used by SCT during the first semester of that fiscal
year (as long as the Guarantor's macroeconomic policy framework in
effect for that fiscal year so permits); and (ii) for the fiscal
year in question the Guarantor has issued an authorization (oficio
de secas) to allow Subproject civil works for that year to be
initiated.
2.    If, during the course of a fiscal year, the need arises to
carry out a Subproject not included in the annual plan of action
(referred to in Section 3.06 (c) of this Agreement) for that fiscal
year, the Guarantor may submit such Subproject to the Bank for
approval if the Guarantor proposes to have that Subproject be
partially financed out of the proceeds of the Loan. The Bank may
approve such Subproject if: (a) the Subproject was selected
according to the criteria set forth in Section I of this Schedule;
and (b) the budget for the relevant fiscal year meets the criteria
set forth in paragraphs 1 (b), 1 (c) and 1 (e) of this Section.
3.    Bank approval of Subprojects under this Section shall not
imply that the Bank has made any determination as to whether
procurement for such Subprojects complies with the provisions of
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
                        SCHEDULE 2
               Procurement and Consultants Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of more
than $250,000 each, and contracts for civil works shall be grouped
in bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of more than
$5,000,000 each.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mexico may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
Page  8
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Civil works estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000,000 or
less per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $530,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $250,000 or less per
contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$5,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
competitive bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
3.    Civil works estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$250,000 per contract or per bid package, up to an aggregate amount
equivalent to $50,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded
on the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited from a
list of at least three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
4.    Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $50,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,000,000,
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison
of price quotations solicited from a list of at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   The procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply with respect to: (i) each
contract procured in accordance with the procedures referred to in
Part A.1 of this Schedule; (ii) the first contract procured in
accordance with the procedures referred to in Part C.2 of this
Schedule; (iii) the first contract procured in accordance with the
procedures referred to in Part C.1 of this Schedule; and (iv) civil
works estimated to cost in excess of $3,000,000 equivalent per
contract or per bid package. Where payments for contracts involving
the cases referred to in this paragraph 1 (a) (i)-(iv) are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of Appendix 1
to the Guidelines shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making
of the first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to the Loan Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Bank has authorized
withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part E:     Standard Documents
Page  9
      All procurement for goods and works, whether or not
international competitive bidding applies, shall take place using
standard bidding documents which are satisfactory to the Bank.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Guarantor in carrying out the Project,
the Guarantor shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
