Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3628 ME
                          Loan Agreement
        (Highway Rehabilitation and Traffic Safety Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                    BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
                    SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                        Dated July 8, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3628 ME
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE
OBRAS Y SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
      WHEREAS (A) the Bank has received from the United Mexican
States (the Guarantor) a letter dated May 25, 1993, which letter
describes the Guarantor's policies and strategy to improve, and
provide financing for, maintenance of the Guarantor's federal
network of roads and vehicular traffic bridges (the Policy Letter);
      (B)   the Guarantor and the Borrower, having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in
the financing of the Project;
      (C)   by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of even date
herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank, the Guarantor has
agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
the Loan and to undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth,
and the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CGP" means SCT's (as hereinafter defined) Coordinacion
General de Planeacion (General Planning Coordination Office);
      (b)   "Charter" means the Ley Organica of the Borrower
published in the Diario Oficial on January 20, 1986, as amended to
the date of this Agreement;
      (c)   "DGCCOP" means SCT's (as hereinafter defined) Direccion
General de Construccion y Conservacion de Obras Publicas (General
Directorate for Construction and Maintenance of Public Works);
      (d)   "DGTT" means SCT's (as hereinafter defined) Direccion
General de Transporte Terrestre (General Directorate for Land
Transport);
      (e)   "Implementation Letter" means the letter of even date
herewith, from the Guarantor to the Bank, containing, inter alia,
annexes regarding Project implementation targets and indicators and
annual review topics;
      (f)   "SCT" means the Guarantor's Secretaria de Comunicaciones
y Transportes (Communications and Transportation Secretariat);
      (g)   "SCT Program" means the Guarantor's federal road and
vehicular traffic bridge rehabilitation and maintenance program for
the years 1993 through 1996, as set forth in Annex 1 of the
Implementation Letter (such program shall serve as an indicative
frame of reference for purposes of preparing and assessing annual
plans of action prepared pursuant to Section 3.06 (c) of the
Guarantee Agreement);
      (h)   "SHCP" means the Guarantor's Secretaria de Hacienda y
Credito Publico (Finance and Public Credit Secretariat);
      (i)   "SICC" means SCT's proposed Sistema Integral de
Conservacion de Carreteras (Integrated Highway Maintenance
Management System), to consist, inter alia, of the application of a
combination of SIMAP, SIPUMEX and SISTER-Mex (as hereinafter
defined) to prepare and monitor federal road and vehicular traffic
bridge maintenance programs;
      (j)   "SIMAP" means SCT's Sistema Mexicano de Administracion
de Pavimentos (Mexican Model for Pavement Administration);
      (k)   "SIPUMEX" means SCT's Sistema de Puentes Mexicanos
(Mexican Model for Bridge Management System);
      (l)   "SISTER-Mex" means SCT's Simulation de Strategies
d'Entretien Routier (Simulation Model of Highway Maintenance
Strategies), a computer program, developed in cooperation with
French consultants, designed to evaluate road maintenance
Page  3
strategies;
      (m)    "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (n)   "Subproject" means any of the following activities to be
carried out by SCT:  (i) rehabilitation of a specific segment of a
road in the federal road network; (ii) resurfacing (periodic
maintenance) of a specific segment of a road in the federal road
network; (iii) rehabilitation or improvement of a bridge that is
part of the federal road network; and (iv) reconfiguration of a
hazardous site (black spot) on the federal road network (each
rehabilitation, resurfacing, reconfiguration or simultaneous
combination thereof with respect to a specific bridge or a specific
segment of road shall be considered a separate Subproject).
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of four hundred eighty million Dollars ($480,000,000),
being the sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each
withdrawal valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in Dollars a special deposit account in Banco de
Mexico on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000 or such
later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor of the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "Interest Period" means a six-month period ending
                  on the date immediately preceding each date
                  specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
                  beginning with the Interest Period in which this
                  Agreement is signed.
           (ii)   "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost, as
Page  4
                  reasonably determined by the Bank and expressed
                  as a percentage per annum, of the outstanding
                  borrowings of the Bank drawn down after June 30,
                  1982, excluding such borrowings or portions
                  thereof as the Bank has allocated to fund: (A)
                  the Bank's investments; and (B) loans which may
                  be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989 bearing
                  interest rates determined otherwise than as
                  provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)   "Semester" means the first six months or the
                  second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
            "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the principal
      amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
      time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to the Cost of
      Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
      Quarter, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of
      the dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the
      Borrower shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount
      outstanding during the preceding Interest Period, calculated
      at the rates applicable during such Interest Period."
            "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
      Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Guarantor
      of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
      such Quarter."
            "(c)  (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
      commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in a
      calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Transfer of Loan Proceeds
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower shall enter into contractual
arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with the Guarantor,
providing, inter alia, for:
            (i)   the transfer to the Guarantor of the proceeds of
                  the Loan; and
           (ii)   the transfer by the Guarantor to the Borrower of
                  such funds as the Borrower shall be required to
                  pay to the Bank on account of principal, interest
                  and other charges on the Loan.
      (b)   Except as the Bank may otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not change or fail to enforce the contractual arrangements
referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section. The Borrower shall
exercise its rights under such contractual arrangements in such
manner as to protect the interests of the Borrower and the Bank and
to accomplish the purposes of the Loan. The Borrower shall promptly
inform the Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens to
interfere with the performance by the Borrower of its obligations
under the contractual arrangements referred to in paragraph (a) of
this Section.
      Section 3.02. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree that the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
Page  5
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating respectively to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition) shall be carried out or caused to
be carried out by the Guarantor pursuant to Section 3.03 of the
Guarantee Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall participate in the annual and
midterm reviews referred to in Section 3.06 of the Guarantee
Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect, in accordance
with sound accounting practices, its operations and financial
condition, including records and separate accounts for the Project.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records referred to in Section 4.01 of
                  this Agreement, its accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) and records
                  and accounts for the Special Account for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with generally
                  accepted auditing standards and procedures
                  consistently applied, by independent and
                  qualified auditors;
           (ii)   furnish to the Bank, as soon as available but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of said
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Bank shall have reasonably requested;
          (iii)   furnish to the Bank each month certified
                  statements of the Special Account; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning the said records, accounts and
                  financial statements and the audit thereof as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (b)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with Section 4.01 of this Agreement, records and
                  separate accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain or cause to be retained, until at least
                  one year after the Bank has received the audit
                  report for the fiscal year in which the last
                  withdrawal from the Loan Account was made, all
                  records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                  receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                  expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and separate accounts
                  are included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
Page  6
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the internal organization of DGCCOP shall have been changed in
a manner that, in the opinion of the Bank, affects materially and
adversely its ability to carry out Subprojects.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall
occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions,
namely that the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01
(a) of this Agreement shall have been entered into.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank, namely that, on behalf of each of the parties
to the contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.01 (a) of
this Agreement, such contractual arrangements have been duly
authorized or ratified by each such party and are legally binding
upon each such party in accordance with their terms.
      Section 6.03. The date October 8, 1993 is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Director General of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For the Borrower:
            Banco Nacional de Obras y
              Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
            Tecoyotitla 100 esquina Francia
Page  7
            01030 Mexico, D.F.
            Mexico
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  BANTECARIO                BNOSME 01772619
                  Mexico City               Mexico City
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ M. G. Sri-ram Aiyer
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                  BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
                    SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                  By /s/ Jacques Rogozinski
                                         Authorized Representative
                         SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                            Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1)  Capital expenditure     330,000,000        61% until
     and resurfacing                            withdrawals under
     civil works for                            this Category
     roads under Part                           have reached an
     B of the Project and                       aggregate amount
     capital expenditure                        equivalent to
     civil works for Part                       $70,000,000; 58%
     C.2 of the Project                         until withdrawals
                                                under this Category
                                                have reached an
                                                aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $156,000,000; 55%
                                                until withdrawals
                                                under this Category
                                                have reached an
                                                aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $236,000,000; 51%
                                                until withdrawals
                                                under this Category
                                                have reached an
                                                aggregate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $295,000,000; and
                                                48% thereafter
Page  8
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(2)  Capital expenditure      47,000,000        55%
     civil works for
     bridges and
     maintenance depots
     under Part B of
     the Project
(3)  Equipment and spare      25,000,000        100% of foreign
     parts for road and                         expenditures and
     bridge maintenance                         100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory cost)
                                                and 65% of other
                                                local expenditures
(4)  Goods for Part C.1        3,800,000        100% of foreign
     of the Project (except                     expenditures; 65% of
     for training purposes)                     local expenditures
(5)  Training under Parts      2,500,000        100%
     A.7 and C.1 (b) of
     the Project
(6)  Consultants' services    39,000,000        100%
(7)  Unallocated              32,700,000
                             ___________
         TOTAL               480,000,000
                             ===========
2.For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Guarantor for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Guarantor;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Guarantor or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Guarantor;
      (c)   the term "capital expenditure civil works" means: (i)
rehabilitation or improvement of existing bridges and roads under
Part B of the Project such as by strengthening them, rehabilitating
them or reshaping them; (ii) in the case of hazardous road sites
(black spots) under Part C.2 of the Project, reconfiguration of such
sites; and (iii) in the case of maintenance depots under Part B of
the Project, rehabilitation or improvement of such depots;
      (d)   the term "resurfacing civil works" means the application
of a new asphalt overlay to entire lengths of existing roads (the
term does not include routine maintenance such as localized road
repair or patching and roadside cleaning, dust and vegetation
control, nor does it include maintenance of traffic control or
safety devices or appurtenances); and
      (e)   the term "training" includes classroom use charges,
instructor fees, didactic goods and equipment and travel and per
diem expenses of trainees attending non-local seminars.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made:
      (a)   in respect of goods or works required for a Subproject
unless the Subproject has been approved by the Bank in accordance
Page  9
with the procedures set forth or referred to in Section II of
Schedule 1 to the Guarantee Agreement; and
      (b)   in respect of payments made for expenditures prior to
the date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the equivalent of $30,000,000, may be made in
respect of Categories (1) through (6), set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of this Schedule, on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after November 1, 1992.
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) protect and enhance
past investments in the federal road network in Mexico; (b) improve
the Guarantor's road maintenance planning capacity; (c) support
measures by the Guarantor to improve federal road network
maintenance funding; (d) reduce transportation costs associated with
the use of the federal road network; and (e) support other policy
improvements with respect to administration of the federal road
network.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Bank and the Borrower may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Strengthening and Policy Actions
1.    Improvement of federal road sector planning and coordination
through: (a) formal establishment, and subsequent operation of, a
planning coordination office within SCT; (b) preparation and use of
federal road planning (including capital budgeting) and evaluation
manuals; (c) development and implementation of a transport sector
data base system; (d) development and implementation of a freight
flow strategic planning model at both national and regional levels;
and (e) use of a vehicle operating costs model to improve the
cost/benefit analysis of road projects.
2.    Improvement of federal road sector maintenance organization
and planning through: (a) completion of the reorganization of
DGCCOP; and (b) implementation of SICC.
3.    Improvement of federal road sector maintenance budget
preparation through the implementation of SISTER-Mex as the standard
tool for the preparation of road maintenance budgets.
4.    Development and possible implementation of sound federal road
cost recovery policies and instruments.
5.    Enactment, enforcement and monitoring of road vehicle size and
weight regulations.
6.   Improvement of environmental management of federal road
projects through: (a) operation of the Environmental Affairs Unit
within SCT; and (b) implementation of revised Subproject work
specifications to account for environmental and cultural patrimony
factors.
7.    Provision of training to the personnel of DGCCOP, DGTT and CGP
with respect to the components covered by Parts A.1-A.6 of the
Project.
Part B:     Federal Road and Bridge Rehabilitation, Resurfacing and
            Maintenance
      Carrying out of federal road and vehicular traffic bridge
rehabilitation, resurfacing or improvement Subprojects as specified
in the SCT Program, as well as carrying out rehabilitation or
improvement of SCT's road maintenance depots and routine maintenance
of the federal road and vehicular traffic bridge network.
Page  10
Part C:     Traffic Safety
1.    Improvement of traffic safety on the Mexican road network
through: (a) implementation of improved driver licensing systems
(including truck driver's skill tests) and vehicle inspection
systems; (b) training of vehicle inspectors, driver examiners and
their supervisors; (c) provision of technical assistance in
connection with road safety research, public road safety information
campaigns, establishment of vehicle safety standards and programs to
reduce the number of hazardous road sites; and (d) use of preventive
medicine devices such as driver alcohol and drug level detectors and
meters.
2.    Reconfiguration, by means of Subprojects involving civil
works, of approximately 350 hazardous sites (black spots) on the
federal road network so as to reduce their danger to motorists and
pedestrians.
                  *           *           *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                          SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                     Payment of Principal
 Date Payment Due                   (expressed in dollars)*
On each March 15 and September 15
      beginning March 15, 1999
      through September 15, 2008          24,000,000
