Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2541 RW
                         Project Agreement
               (Private Sector Development Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
                    BANQUE NATIONALE DU RWANDA
                      Dated November 18, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2541 RW
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 18, 1993, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and BANQUE NATIONALE DU
RWANDA (BNR).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Rwandese Republic (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to eight million
seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 8,700,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement, but only on condition that BNR agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
      (B)   by a Subsidiary Loan Agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and BNR, a portion of the proceeds of the
Credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
relent to BNR on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS (C) BNR, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement.
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) BNR declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts A and C.3 of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative, financial,
engineering and banking practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for Parts A and C.3 of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and BNR shall
otherwise agree, BNR shall carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and works required for Parts A and C.3 of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) BNR undertakes that unless the Association
shall otherwise agree, Subloans shall be made in accordance with the
procedures and on the terms and conditions set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      (b)   BNR shall exercise its rights in relation to each
Investment Project in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests
of the Association and BNR; (ii) comply with its obligations under
this Agreement and the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (iii) achieve
the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.04. BNR shall carry out the obligations set forth in
Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land acquisi-
tion, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and Parts A
and C.3 of the Project.
      Section 2.05. BNR shall duly perform all its obligations under
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, BNR shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) BNR shall, at the request of the
Association, or at its own initiative,  exchange views with the
Association with regard to the progress of Parts A and C.3 of the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to
the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   BNR shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A and C.3 of the Project, the accomplishment of
the purposes of the Credit, or the performance by BNR of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
Page  3
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) BNR shall cause DPM to maintain procedures
and accounts adequate to monitor and record the progress of Parts A
and C.3 of the Project and of each Investment Project (including its
cost and the benefits to be derived from it) and to reflect, in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices,
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   BNR shall cause DPM to:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the BNR shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account A was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 3.02. BNR shall take such steps satisfactory to the
Association as shall be necessary to protect itself against risk of
loss resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the
various currencies, including Rwandese Franc, used in its
operations.
                            ARTICLE IV
Page  4
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of BNR thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of
the following two dates:
            (i)   the date on which the Development Credit
                  Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                  terms; or
           (ii)   the date twenty years after the date of this
                  Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify BNR of
this event.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement, and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement, shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                  Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                            197688 (TRT)
      For BNR:
            The Governor
            National Bank of Rwanda
            P.O.Box 531
            Kigali
            Rwandese Republic
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ___________________       (909)22508 BNR RW
                  ___________________
                                          Telefax:
                                            (250)72551
Page  5
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of BNR, or by BNR on behalf of the Borrower
under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or executed by
the Governor of BNR or such other person or persons as BNR shall
designate in writing, and BNR shall furnish to the Association
sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen
signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  BANQUE NATIONALE DU RWANDA
                  By /s/ Aloys Uwimana
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
                      Implementation Program
                     for Part A of the Project
1.    Under Part A of the Project, BNR shall onlend funds to PFIs as
demand for Investment Project arises. PFIs shall make medium- and
long-term Subloans for the purposes referred to in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement. The line of credit will be managed by BNR through
DPM to which necessary power shall be delegated, inter alia, for
approving the application for refinancing from the PFI.
2.    BNR shall, for the purposes of Part A of the Project, provide
adequate human and physical resources to the DPM satisfactory to the
Association and in accordance with the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      (a)   Functions:
       The DPM shall, inter alia:
            (i)   ensure adherence of PFIs to established proce-
                  dures in selecting eligible Investment Projects
                  and ensure application of appropriate standards
                  for Subloan appraisals;
           (ii)   review eligibility and authorize financing under
                  Part A of the Project for Investment Projects
                  submitted by PFIs. For Investment Projects esti-
                  mated to cost the equivalent of $350,000 or less
                  each, DPM shall ensure that the requests meet the
                  eligibility criteria and give its approval within
                  five working days from submission. For Investment
                  Projects estimated to cost the equivalent of more
                  than $350,000, DPM shall review the requests in
                  more detail, give its comments on the quality of
Page  6
                  the appraisal to the PFI and ensure that the
                  eligibility and financing criteria are met, all
                  within a maximum period of ten working days;
          (iii)   ensure liaison between the Association, the PFIs
                  and other donors on matters related to the Pro-
                  ject;
           (iv)   ensure, through the PFIs, that potential
                  beneficiaries are provided guidance in the
                  preparation of Investment Projects including
                  safeguards for projects with potential environ-
                  mental hazards, and appropriate procurement
                  procedures;
            (v)   cause to ensure that all subprojects provide for
                  a satisfactory environmental impact assessment;
           (vi)   organize training courses and seminars in project
                  appraisal and supervision techniques for BNR and
                  other bank staff;
          (vii)   manage Subloan disbursement and collect opera-
                  tions upon approval; and
         (viii)   cause to ensure that the investment projects are
                  effectively supervised by the PFIs.
      (b)   BNR will receive a spread of interest of one percent per
annum, on the outstanding amount of Subloans to cover its adminis-
trative and material expenses resulting from the management of these
sub-loans; this spread will be reviewed periodically by  the
Association and BNR to ensure that it covers the actual administra-
tive and material expenses of BNR.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                 Terms and Conditions of Subloans
                          and Investments
1.    (a)   Lending Terms Subloans approved by PFIs will carry
variable lending rates which will be reviewed at least once a year
by BNR and the Association to ensure that they reflect the real cost
of resources and remain positive in real terms. PFIs shall be
charged a variable interest rate equal to the three-months average
interest yield on one year bank deposits or such other rates as may
be determined by the Borrower and BNR in consultation with the
Association. Repayment periods of Subloans shall not exceed thirteen
years, including a grace period of two to three years.
      (b)   PFIs Eligibility Criteria. Any commercial bank, develop-
ment bank or financial institution registered in the Rwandese
Republic and engaged or willing to engage in medium or long-term
lending will be eligible as a PFI, provided it submits to BNR (i)
annually, independently audited and satisfactory annual financial
accounts and statements; (ii) an undertaking to reinforce its loan
supervision and collection of bad debt; to maintain or reinforce a
sound internal auditing and accounting procedures; and to upgrade
and train its professional staff; (iii) an undertaking to maintain
satisfactory capital adequacy ratio; and (iv) an undertaking to bear
all credit risk.
      (c)   In addition to the criteria specified in (b) above, BRD
shall be required to implement an action plan, agreed upon and
satisfactory to the Association, which shall include, inter alia,
increased provisions for loan risks and reduction of staff, to
eliminate its operating losses and maintain adequate profitability
levels.
      (d)   Accreditation of PFIs shall become effective after
conclusion of Participating Agreement. Said accreditation will be
based on a review by BNR and approval by the Association. If
Page  7
accreditation is not granted, the concerned institution will be
informed of the reasons. Such institution can renew its application
after complying with the requirements. Accreditation may be
withdrawn in the event of the failure of a PFI to comply at any time
with the requirements set forth above and in the Participating
Agreements.
      (e)   Investment Enterprise Eligibility. Unless otherwise
agreed upon by the Association, the criteria for an Investment
Enterprise to be eligible for a Subloan include:
            (i)   a determination that the Investment Project is
                  technically feasible, financially and economical-
                  ly viable and environmentally sound;
           (ii)   a minimum expected financial rate of return of at
                  least 10 percent in constant price. In addition,
                  for Investment Projects estimated to cost
                  US$350,000 or more, a minimum expected economic
                  rate of return of 10 percent, in real terms, will
                  be required;
          (iii)   a minimum projected debt service coverage of 1.5
                  over the life of the Investment Project, and a
                  maximum debt to equity ratio of 2.33:1.00, calcu-
                  lated on the basis of the Investment Enterprise's
                  total debts; and
           (iv)   the Investment Project satisfies environmental
                  impact tests to be undertaken as deemed necessary
                  by DMP and the Association.
      (f)   Eligible Activities. All productive Investment Projects,
including investments in associated permanent or self-standing
working capital for industrial projects, contributing to the
economic development of the Rwandese Republic, with the exception of
land acquisition, land development for housing, housing or office
construction, purchase of existing productive assets and investments
by enterprises with majority direct or indirect state-ownership will
be eligible for financing under the Project.
      (g)   Lending Limits (i) Subloans for any Investment Project
for extension or rehabilitation of existing facilities may not
exceed eighty percent (80%) of its total investment project cost;
and (ii) Subloans for any other Investment Project may not exceed
seventy (70%) percent of the proposed Investment Project cost.
2.   No expenditures for goods or services required for an
Investment Project shall be eligible for financing out of the
proceeds of the Credit unless:
      (a)   the Subloan for such Investment Project shall have been
approved by the Association and such expenditures shall have been
made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which the
Association shall have received the application and information
required under paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule in respect of such
Subloan or Investment; or
      (b)   the Subloan for such Investment Project shall have been
a free-limit Subloan for which the Association has authorized
withdrawals from the Credit Account and such expenditures shall have
been made not earlier than ninety days prior to the date on which
the Association shall have received the request and information
required under paragraph 3 (b) of this Schedule in respect of such
free-limit Subloan. For the purposes of the Development Credit
Agreement and this Agreement, a free-limit Subloan shall be a Sub-
loan for an Investment Project in an amount to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit which shall not exceed the sum of
$900,000 equivalent, when added to any other outstanding amounts
financed or proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Credit or of any other credit, provided for in any outstanding
development credit agreement between the Borrower and the Associa-
Page  8
tion entered into before the date of this Agreement, the proceeds of
which have been or are being used for financing goods and services
directly and materially related to such Investment Project, the
foregoing amount being subject to change from time to time as
determined by the Association; provided that the first three Sub-
loans (and in any event the first Subloan based on an appraisal
report requiring an economic rate of return calculation) presented
for approval by PFI's respectively, with the exception of BRD, shall
not be free limit Subloans.
3.    (a)   When presenting a Subloan (other than a free-limit Sub-
loan) or an Investment to the Association for approval, BNR shall
furnish to the Association an application, in form satisfactory to
the Association, together with (i) a description of the Investment
Enterprise and an appraisal of the Investment Project, including a
description of the expenditures proposed to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit; (ii) the proposed terms and conditions of
the Subloan or Investment, including the schedule of amortization of
the Subloan or of repayment of the amount of the Credit to be used
for the Investment; and (iii) such other information as the
Association shall reasonably request.
      (b)   Each request by BNR for authorization to make withdraw-
als from the Credit Account in respect of a free-limit Subloan shall
contain: (i) a summary description of the Investment Enterprise and
the Investment Project, including a description of the expenditures
proposed to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, and (ii)
the terms and conditions of the Subloan, including the schedule of
amortization therefor.
      (c)   Applications and requests made pursuant to the provi-
sions of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph shall be
presented to the Association on or before December 31, 1997.
4.    Subloans shall be made on terms whereby BNR shall obtain, by
written contract with the Investment Enterprise or by other
appropriate legal means, rights adequate to protect the interests of
the Association and BNR, including, in the case of any Subloan and,
to the extent that it shall be appropriate, in the case of any
Investment, the right to:
      (a)   require the Investment Enterprise to carry out and
operate the Investment Project with due diligence and efficiency and
in accordance with sound technical, financial and managerial
standards and to maintain adequate records;
      (b)   require that the goods and services to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Credit shall be purchased at a reasonable
price, from suppliers or contractors eligible under "the Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the
Bank in May 1992, account being taken also of other relevant factors
such as time of delivery and efficiency and reliability of the goods
and availability of maintenance facilities and spare parts therefor,
and in the case of services, of their quality and the competence of
the parties rendering them; and such goods and services shall be
used exclusively in the carrying out of the Investment Project;
      (c)   cause to be inspected, by itself or jointly with
representatives of the Association if the Association shall so
request, such goods, works, plants and construction included in the
Investment Project, the operation thereof, and any relevant records
and documents;
      (d)   require that: (i) the Investment Enterprise shall take
out and maintain with responsible insurers such insurance, against
such risks and in such amounts, as shall be consistent with sound
business practice; and (ii) without any limitation upon the
foregoing, such insurance shall cover hazards incident to the
acquisition, transportation and delivery of goods financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit to the place of use or installation, any
indemnity thereunder to be made payable in a currency freely usable
by the Investment Enterprise to replace or repair such goods;
Page  9
      (e)   obtain all such information as the Association or BNR
shall reasonably request relating to the foregoing and to the
management, operations and financial condition of the Investment
Enterprise and to the benefits to be derived from the Investment
Project; and
      (f)   suspend or terminate the right of the Investment
Enterprise to the use of the proceeds of the Credit upon failure by
such Investment Enterprise to perform its obligations under its
contract with PFI.
