Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2541 RW
                   Development Credit Agreement
               (Private Sector Development Project)
                              between
                         RWANDESE REPUBLIC
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated November 18, 1993
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2541 RW
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 18, 1993, between RWANDESE REPUBLIC
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received a Private Sector
Development Policy Statement, dated May 4, 1993 (the Policy
Statement) from the Borrower describing a reform program to achieve
the improvement of the private sector of the Borrower and declaring
the Borrower's commitment to the execution of said program;
      (C)   Parts A and C3 of the Project will be carried out by
Banque Nationale du Rwanda (BNR) with the Borrower's assistance and,
as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make available to BNR
a portion of the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS (D)  the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the
Project Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and
BNR;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the modifications set forth in Schedule 6 to this
Agreement (the General Conditions), constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "BACAR" means Banque Continentale Africaine au Rwanda;
      (b)   "BNR" means Banque Nationale du Rwanda, the Borrower's
Central Bank operating pursuant to the Borrower's Decree-Law
No. 6/81, dated February 16, 1981 confirmed by the Borrower's Law
No. 1/82 dated January 1982;
      (c)   "DPM" means Directorate of Monetary Policy, of BNR;
      (d)   "FSG" means Fonds Special de Garantie, the Guarantee
Fund established by the Borrower, pursuant to Decree-Law No 04/78
dated February 9, 1978, as amended by the Law No. 9/1983 dated March
10, 1983;
      (e)   "MICOMART" means Ministere du Commerce et de
l'Industrie, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry of the Borrower;
      (f)   "MINIJUST" means Ministere de la Justice, the Ministry
of Justice of the Borrower;
      (g)   "Investment" means an investment made or proposed to be
financed by a PFI out of the proceeds of the Credit in an Investment
Enterprise for an Investment Project;
      (h)   "Investment Enterprise" means an enterprise to which a
PFI proposes to make or has made a subloan or in which it proposes
to make or has made an Investment;
      (i)   "Investment Project" means a specific project to be
carried out by an Investment Enterprise utilizing the proceeds of
the Subloan or Investment;
      (j)   "Participating Agreement" means any agreement entered
into by BNR and a PFI pursuant to 3.01 (c) of this Agreement,
whereby BNR will provide said PFI with funds for Subloans and
Investments;
      (k)   "PFI" or "Participating Financial Intermediary" means
any one of the following: Banque Commerciale du Rwanda (BCR), Banque
de Kigali (BK) and Banque Rwandaise de Developpement (BRD), or such
other intermediary(ies), as may be added by BNR on the basis of
eligibility criteria satisfactory to the Association, and with which
BNR shall have entered into a Participating Agreement;
      (l)   "PSSF" means Private Sector Support Fund, the fund to be
established under Part B of the Project;
      (m)   "Special Account" means any of the accounts referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
      (n)   "Subloan" means a loan made or proposed to be made by a
PFI out of the proceeds of the Credit to an Investment Enterprise
for an Investment Project;
Page  3
      (o)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and BNR pursuant to Section 3.01
(c) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
      (p)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and BNR, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement; and
      (q)   "Rwandese Franc" or "FRW" means the currency of the
Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eight million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 8,700,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A, B and
C of the Project, respectively, open and maintain in dollars three
special deposit accounts (Special Accounts A, B and C, respectively)
in commercial banks on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Accounts shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
Page  4
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 1 and July 1, each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each January 1 and July 1, commencing
January 1, 2004 and ending July 1, 2033. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on July 1, 2013 shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. BNR is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Part A of the Project for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                         ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Parts B and C.1 and C.2 of the
                   Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate administrative and
                   financial practices and shall provide, promptly
                   as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
                   other resources required for such Parts of the
                   Project; and
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, shall cause BNR to perform all
                   its obligations set forth in the Project
                   Agreement, shall take or cause to be taken all
                   action, including the provision of funds,
                   facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable BNR to
Page  5
                   perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                   permit to be taken any action which would
                   prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section, and except as the Borrower and the Association
shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Parts B and C.1
and C.2 of the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend to BNR, out of the proceeds of
the Credit, the amount allocated to Category 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement under a subsidiary loan agreement entered into between the
Borrower and BNR, under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Association and which shall include, inter alia, (i)
an undertaking by BNR to make loans to PFIs under Participating
Agreements to be entered into with each PFI for financing Investment
Projects under Part A of the Project, under the terms and conditions
specified in the Project Agreement; (ii) an undertaking by BNR that
the proceeds of the Credit shall be relent to each PFI at a variable
interest rate equal to the weighted average yield over the preceding
three (3) months based on the twelve months deposit in commercial
banks as determined by BNR, or such other reference rate as may be
determined by agreement between the Borrower and BNR and
satisfactory to the Association; (iii) an undertaking by BNR to
reimburse the principal to the Borrower in fifteen equal annual
installments starting five years after the Effective Date of this
Agreement; (iv) an undertaking by BNR to collect and transfer to the
Borrower all payments of interest and repayment of principal from
PFIs under subloan agreements after retaining an amount not
exceeding one percent (1%) of the outstanding principal from the
interest paid by PFIs or such other amount as may be determined from
time to time by agreement between the Borrower and the Association;
and (v) the Borrower's undertaking to bear the foreign exchange
risk.
      (d)   For the purpose of Part C.3 of the Project, the Borrower
shall make available to BNR, as a grant, the amount specified in
Category 3(b) of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. During the execution of the Project, the
Borrower shall, in consultation with the Association, periodically
review the interest rates to be applied to subloans. Unless the
Association otherwise agrees, the Borrower shall take appropriate
measures in order to ensure that interest rates on lending remain,
at all times, positive in real terms.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A, B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part A
of the Project shall be carried out by BNR pursuant to Section 2.03
of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.05. (a) The Borrower shall conduct, no later than
July 31, 1995, jointly with the Association, a mid term review on
the implementation and management arrangement of the Project.
Without limitation upon the generality of the foregoing, the review
Page  6
shall, inter alia, cover the implementation and management aspects
of the Project with particular reference to policy and institutional
reform measures.
      (b)   For the purposes of monitoring the implementation and
assessing the achievement of the Project, the Borrower shall,
jointly with the Association, identify and use key indicators which
shall relate, inter alia, to the implementation of the several
components of the Project, its objectives, the supply response and
delays in implementation.
      (c)   No later than one month prior to the mid term review
referred to in (a) above, the Borrower shall furnish to the
Association, for its comments, a report in such detail as the
Association shall reasonably request, including an evaluation of the
progress achieved in complying with Project implementation.
      (d)   The Borrower shall, promptly thereafter, carry out the
recommendations stemming from the aforementioned review.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall open and thereafter maintain
a Project Account in a commercial bank acceptable to the
Association, on terms and conditions acceptable to the Association
and deposit into the Account RWF 1,500,000 as its contribution.
                            ARTICLE IV
                          Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. The Borrower shall, no later than June 30, 1995,
take all necessary measures for: (i) simplification of the
procedures for authorization of unscheduled freight and passenger
charter flights; and (ii) liberalization of air transport so as to
eliminate monopoly and liberalize pricing.
      Section 4.02. The Borrower shall, no later than December 31,
1993, take all necessary measures for: (i) eliminating dividend
taxation; (ii) instituting official schedules of depreciation
allowance and of a five-year tax credit allowance for operating
losses of business firms; and (iii) allowing banks to  deduct
allocations to provisions for losses of nonperforming loans.
      Section 4.03. The Borrower shall, no later than December 31,
1994, take necessary measures for authorizing the creation and
functioning of private legal and paralegal professions, including
notaries public, process-servers, liquidators and auctioneers.
      Section 4.04. The Borrower shall, no later than December 31,
1994, take all necessary measures for the (a) simplification and
liberalization of the requirements for forming business enterprises
including procedures for registering such enterprises; (b) simpli-
fication and updating of the regime of negotiable financial and
commercial instruments (including commercial papers and documentary
titles), guaranties, secured transactions, sales, leasing and
factoring; and (c) modernization of bankruptcy procedures.
      Section 4.05. The Borrower shall, no later than December 31,
1994, take necessary measures for: (a) establishing a regime of
free-zones for the purpose of export processing; and (b) improving
the functioning of the labor market, inter alia, through: (i)
abrogating  the obligation of prior enrollment in the registry of
jobs, (ii) elimination of work permits for nationals, (iii) setting
a uniform minimum wage system, (iv) permitting wages and annual
increases to be freely negotiated between the employer and the
employee, (v) clarifying the rules governing overtime, and (vi)
reducing the number of the various paid leaves.
                             ARTICLE V
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 5.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
Page  7
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts B, C.1 and C.2 of the Project of
the departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying
out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Accounts B and C for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Accounts B or C was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   A situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the program set forth in the Policy Statement or a significant
part thereof will be carried out;
      (b)   BNR shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
Page  8
under the Project Agreement;
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that BNR will be
able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement;
      (d)   The Statutes of BNR shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely the operations or financial condition of BNR or its
ability to carry out its responsibilities under Parts A and C of the
Project or to perform any of its obligations under the Project
Agreement; and
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of BNR or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Association to the Borrower and BNR; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of
Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                          ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following event is specified as additional
condition to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions,
namely that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and BNR.
      Section 7.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by BNR and is legally binding upon BNR in accordance with
its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and BNR and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and BNR in accordance with its terms.
      Section 7.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VIII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister responsible for Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
            For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 158
Page  9
            Kigali
            Rwandese Republic
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINIFIN-RWANDA           22687 MINIFIN-RW
            Facsimile:
                   77581
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         RWANDESE REPUBLIC
                         By /s/ Aloys Uwimana
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Subloans under           5,040,000        100% of amounts
      Part A of the                             disbursed by PFIs
      Project
(2)   Part B of the
      Project:
Page  10
      (a)  Consulting          1,080,000        100%
           services for
           private
           sector pro-
           motors for
           Part B.3
      (b)  Consulting            290,000        100%
           services
           and training
           for Part B.1
           and B.2
      (c)  Vehicles,             360,000        100% of foreign
           office equip-                        expenditures and
           ment and                             90% of local
           operating                            expenditures
           cost
      (d)  Operational            70,000        100%
           audit
(3)   Part C of the
      Project:
      (a)  Consulting            830,000        100%
           services
           and training
           for Part C.1
           and C.2
      (b)  Consulting            210,000        100%
           services
           and training
           for Part C.3
      (c)  Vehicles and          320,000        100% of foreign
           office equip-                        expenditures and
           ment                                 90% of local
                                                expenditures
      (d)  Audit                  70,000        100%
(4)   Unallocated                430,000
                               _________
           TOTAL               8,700,000
                               =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   the term "operating costs" means costs of: (i)
maintenance and operation of equipment, vehicles and furniture; and
(ii) acquisition of office supplies for Project implementation, and
office rental for the PSSF.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) Category (1)
unless: (i) any one of the Participating Agreements between BNR and
any one of the PFIs has been concluded; (ii) FSG has validated and
paid all legitimate pending claims on loans it has guaranteed and
that are under litigation, and FSG's by-laws have been revised to
Page  11
rationalize and improve its procedures, to eliminate the legal
ambiguities, and to ensure that banks exercise due diligence in
supervision of guaranteed credits and exhaust all remedies required
before requesting its intervention; (c) Category (2), unless the
Borrower has: (i) recruited an international expert to manage the
PSSF, in accordance with the provision of Section II of Schedule 3
to this Agreement; (ii) adopted and published, in at least one
newspaper, the rules and procedures of the PSSF, satisfactory to the
Association; and (iii) opened and deposited its initial contribution
into the Project Account referred to in Section 3.06 of this
Agreement; (d) Category (3) (c), unless an expert to head the policy
team at the MICOMART is selected; (e) Category (3) (a), unless: (i)
the Borrower has promulgated a law establishing the Tribunal of
Commerce and has appointed a qualified and experienced lawyer as the
President of the Tribunal of Commerce; (ii) the text regarding the
organization and functioning of the Tribunal of Commerce has been
adopted; and (iii) a timetable acceptable to the Association for
settling pending disputes related to the bank loans has been
prepared by the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) support private
sector led economic growth and employment creation; (ii) support
efforts to improve and strengthen the legal and institutional
environment in which businesses operate; (iii) enhance the
investment climate and export incentives; and (iv) ensure access to
managerial and technical support and specific facilities of
investment financing for the private sector.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Credit
      A line of credit for financing investments by new and existing
enterprises through the Participating Financing Intermediaries.
Part B:     Private Sector Support Fund
      Provision of support to the private sector to enhance its
performance and competitiveness, including:
1.    establishment of a Private Sector Support Fund;
2.    organization of entrepreneurship development seminars; and
3.    financing of consulting services on management, technical and
related matters to private sector companies on a cost-sharing basis.
Part C:     Institution Strengthening and Capacity Building
1.    (a)   Improving the implementation and supervision
capabilities of MICOMART, including the provision of equipment,
training programs and consultants' services to implement agreed
policies and to coordinate private sector development actions.
      (b)   Review of legislation governing the creation,
registration and functioning of commercial and business enterprises,
bankruptcy law, labor law and other related laws that impact on
private sector development.
2.    (a)Establishment of a Tribunal of Commerce.
      (b)   Assistance for strengthening and upgrading the
processing and administrative capabilities of the Tribunal of
Commerce through: (i) acquisition of filing equipment and of word
and data processing equipment, books and journals; (ii) transfer of
commercial registry to the Tribunal of Commerce and reorganization
Page  12
and computerization of its archives; and (iii) training of
magistrates, auxiliaries and staff of the Tribunal of Commerce.
       (c)   Assistance for the preparation of a framework for the
creation, privatization and training of legal and paralegal
professions.
3.    Provision of consulting services and training of BNR and PFI
staff.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1998.
                       SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:      International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed-price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Bank, one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be taken into
account in the bid evaluation.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$100,000 or more.
3.    All goods procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures set forth in Part A above shall be exempted from price
verification under preshipment inspection.
Part B:      Preference for Domestic Manufactures
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in the Rwandese
Republic may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:      Other Procurement Procedures
1.    All items or groups of items estimated to cost the equivalent
of $50,000 or more per contract may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Vehicles, desk computers and office equipment estimated to
cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $580,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association.
Part D:      Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
Page  13
      (a)    With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $750,000 or more for procurement relating to Part A of
the Project and estimated to cost the equivalent of $80,000 or more
for all other procurement, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2
and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies
of the contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant
to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior
to the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)    With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)    The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ experts and consultants whose qualifi-
cations, experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultant Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review shall
not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts nor to the
employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Bank and to amendments of contracts raising the contract value to
$100,000 equivalent or above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
1.    The MICOMART shall be responsible for overall coordination of
Parts B, and C.1 of the Project.
2.    The MINIJUST shall be responsible for implementing Part C.2 of
the Project.
3.    The BNR shall be responsible for implementing Parts A and C.3
of the Project.
4.    MICOMART, BNR, and MINIJUST shall submit to the Association
for its review and comment, annual reports on the implementation of
Parts A, B and C of the Project.
5.    Unless otherwise decided upon jointly by the Borrower and the
Page  14
Association, for the purpose of Part B of the Project, the Borrower
shall ensure the following:
             (i)   under the general supervision of MICOMART, the
                   PSSF shall be managed by a Project Manager;
            (ii)   the PSSF shall provide matching grants to
                   private promoters to finance the cost of short-
                   term consulting services, not to exceed 30 days.
                   All private sector enterprises, including
                   parastatal with majority private ownership and
                   management, excluding firms employing more than
                   250 permanent staff and firms with more than 20%
                   foreign companies participation, and promoters
                   shall be eligible to receive grants, as many
                   times as required, but according to a declining
                   schedule and for cumulative consulting fees not
                   to exceed $100,000 per beneficiary;
          (iii)    private promoters shall benefit from specialized
                   training seminars against payment of a nominal
                   fee which shall cover 10% of costs;
           (iv)    the PSSF shall be subjected to biyearly
                   operational audits during the first two years of
                   the Project;
            (v)    the PSSF shall finance equally local and
                   international experts; and
           (vi)    the PSSF shall apply the cost-sharing scheme
                   indicated below:
Cumulative Consulting Cost           PSSF        Beneficiary
Up to $10,000                        70%            30%
$10,001 to $50,000                   50%            50%
$50,001 to $100,000                  30%            70%
6.    The PSSF shall be reviewed after the first year of its
operations to assess its adherence to the rules and procedures
referred to in paragraph 5 above, and to evaluate its actual impact
on the beneficiaries-enterprises. The Borrower and the Association
shall analyze the results of the said evaluation and shall promptly
take into account the results of such a review before deciding upon
the continuation of the PSSF.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         Special Accounts
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)    the term "eligible Categories" means: (i) in the case
of Special Account A, Category 1 and  Category 3 (b) set forth in
the table in Paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; (ii) in
the case of Special Account B , Category 2 of said table; and (iii)
in the case of Special Account C, Category 3 (a), (c) and (d) of
said table;
      (b)    the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)    the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into Special Account A; (ii) an amount equivalent to
$200,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into
Special Account B; and (iii) an amount equivalent to $100,000 to be
Page  15
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into Special Account
C, all pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that a Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)    For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
         (b)(i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify; and
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)    if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)    once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
Page  16
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)    If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)    If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)    The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association,
refund to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit
in the Special Account.
      (d)    Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 6
              Modifications of the General Conditions
      For purposes of this Agreement, the provisions of the General
Conditions are modified as follows:
      (1)    The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (2)    The following subparagraph is added to Section 2.01:
             "15.  The term 'Project Agreement' has the meaning set
      forth in paragraph (b) of Section 1.02 of the Development
      Credit Agreement."
      (3)    The words "the Association may, by notice to the
Borrower, terminate the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals
with respect to such amount. Upon the giving of such notice, such
amount of the Credit shall be cancelled" set forth at the end of
Section 6.03 are deleted and the following is substituted therefor:
             "or (e) by the date specified in sub-paragraph 3 (c) of
      Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement, the Association shall, in
      respect of any portion of the Credit: (i) have received no
      applications or requests permitted under sub-paragraphs (a) or
      (b) of said paragraph; or (ii) have denied any such appli-
      cations or requests, the Association may, by notice to the
      Borrower, terminate the right to submit such applications or
      to make withdrawals from the Credit Account, as the case may
      be, with respect to such amount or portion of the Credit. Upon
      the giving of such notice, such amount or portion of the
      Credit shall be cancelled."
Page  17
