Page  1
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2137 TA
             Development Credit Agreement
    (Education Planning and Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
              UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  Dated June 18, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2137 TA
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 18, 1990, between UNITED
REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the
Association to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  the Borrower has obtained from the Kingdom of
Sweden through the Swedish International Development
Agency (SIDA) a grant (SIDA Grant), in an amount
approximately equivalent to twelve million dollars
($12,000,000), to assist in financing part of the
Project;
     (C)  the Borrower has requested from the Kingdom of
Norway through the Norwegian Agency for International
Development (NORAD) a grant (NORAD Grant), in an amount
approximately equivalent to four million nine hundred
thousand dollars ($4,900,000), to assist in financing
part of the Project; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
Page  2
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02
deleted (the General Conditions) constitute an integral
part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Accounts" means the accounts referred
to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "MOE" means the Borrower's Ministry of
Education;
     (c)  "MLG" means the Borrower's Ministry of Local
Government,
Community Development, Cooperatives and Marketing;
     (d)  "ICD" means the Institute of Curriculum
Development within MOE;
     (e)  "PCT/MOE" means the Project Coordinating Team
established under the Project within MOE;
     (f)  "PCT/MLG" means the Project Coordinating Team
established under the Project within MX;
     (g)  "NETF" means the National Education Trust Fund
to be established by the Borrower under the Borrower's
Trustee Incorporation Ordinance, Chapter 375 of the
Borrower's Laws;
     (h)  "DETF" means a District Education Trust Fund
associated with the NETF;
     (i)  "DEO" means a District Education Officer within
MOE;
     (j)  "REO" means a Regional Education Officer within
MOE;
     (k)  "SMART" means a School Maintenance and
Rehabilitation Team to be established under the Project
to undertake the maintenance of primary schools;
     (l)  "School Year" means a year beginning January 1
and ending on December 31; and
     (m)  "Fiscal Year" means the Borrower's fiscal year
which runs from July 1 to June 30.
                      ARTICLE II
                      The Credit
     Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to twenty-nine million Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 29,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may, be
withdrawn from the Credit Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Association shall so agree,
Page  3
to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of
the proceeds of the Credit.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars two special
accounts in its Central Bank (the MOE Special Account and
the MLG Special Account) on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association. Deposits into, and
payments out of, the Special Accounts shall be made in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31,
1996, or such later date as the Association shall
establish. The Association shall promptly notify the
Borrower of such later date.
     Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a commitment charge on the principal amount
of the Credit not withdrawn from time to time at a rate
to be set by the Association as of June 30 of each year,
but not to exceed the rate of one-half of one percent
(1/2 of 1%) per annum.
     (b)  The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from
the date sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the
accrual date) to the respective dates on which amounts
shall be withdrawn by the Borrower from the Credit
Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate set as of the
June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time
thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) above. The rate set
as of June 30 in each year shall be applied from the next
date in that year specified in Section 2.06 of this
Agreement.
     (c)  The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at
such places as the Association shall reasonably request;
(ii) without restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in
the territory of, the Borrower; and (iii) in the currency
specified in this Agreement for the purposes of Section
4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other eligible
currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that
Section.
     Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the
Association a service charge at the rate of three-fourths
of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal
amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from time
to time.
     Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges
shall be payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1
in each year.
     Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Credit in semi-annual installments payable on each
February 1 and August 1, commencing August 1, 2000, and
ending February 1, 2030. Each installment to and
including the installment payable on February 1, 2010,
shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and
each installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of
such principal amount.
     (b)  Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national
product per capita, as determined by the Association,
shall have exceeded $790 in constant 1985 dollars for
five consecutive years; and (ii) the Bank shall consider
Page  4
the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval
thereof by the Executive Directors of the Association and
after due consideration by them of the development of the
Borrower's economy, modify the terms of repayment of
installments under paragraph (a) above by requiring the
Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the
Borrower, the Association may revise such modification to
include, in lieu of some or all of the increase in the
amounts of such installments, the payment of interest at
an annual rate agreed with the Association on the
principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding
from time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the
Association, such revision shall not change the grant
element obtained under the above-mentioned repayment
modification.
     (c)  If, at any time after a modification of terms
pursuant to paragraph (b) above, the association
determines that the Borrower's economic condition has
deteriorated significantly, the Association may, if so
requested by the Borrower, further modify the terms of
repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
     Section 2.08. The currency of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Northern Ireland is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and, to this end, shall
carry out Parts A and B of the Project through MOE, and
C.1 and C.2 of the Project through MLG, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate educational, financial and administrative
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon any of its other
obligations under this Agreement, the Borrower shall
cause NETF to carry out Part C.3 of the Project, with due
diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
appropriate educational, financial and administrative
practices, and shall provide promptly as needed the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for Part C.3 of the Project.
     (c)  The Borrower shall by March 30 in each year
agree with the Association on adequate budgetary
provision for the Project and ensure that such funds are
allocated in a timely manner.
     (d)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Borrower
and the Association shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works and
consultants' services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
Page  5
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
     Section 3.03. The Borrower shall: (a) by March 31,
1991, prepare and discuss with the Association, a
schedule for the improvement of science teaching in its
secondary schools; (b) by the beginning of the 1992
School Year, introduce a unified science syllabus for the
first two years of secondary education, on a pilot basis,
in selected schools; (c) thereafter evaluate the
implementation of the pilot scheme; and (d) by the 1994
School Year, incorporate the results of such evaluation
into an improved science syllabus, which shall include
the continuation of the separate science curriculum in
selected schools . in accordance with a plan of action
agreed with the Association.
     Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, by January 1,
1993, adopt improved timetables , for primary and
secondary schools acceptable to the Association, which
shall integrate related subject areas and optimize
teaching in the general academic subjects supported by
the new textbook series.
     Section 3.05. The Borrower shall: (a) continue to
implement measures to reduce the gap between fees paid in
Government secondary schools and community secondary
schools; and (b) commencing in the 1991 Fiscal Year,
ensure that at least half of increase in revenues
resulting therefrom, shall be retained by the Government
secondary schools concerned to be used for school
maintenance and/or needs based scholarships.
     Section 3.06. The Borrower shall ensure that: (a)
all personnel of district-level SMARTs trained under the
Project, are required to render a minimum of two years
service to their respective districts; and (b) recipients
of fellowships under the Project, are required to render
at least two years service to the Borrower, in the
positions for which they were trained.
     Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, by June 30, 1991,
furnish to the Association for its review, its proposals
for the revision of teacher salaries.
     Section 3.08. The Borrower shall, by December 31,
1991, furnish to the Association for its review and
comments, a plan of action for establishing an
appropriate financing mechanism, which shall ensure the
provision of textbooks to primary school students after
completion of the Project.
     Section 3.09. The Borrower shall, by June 30, 1991,
establish NETF and appoint its Board, Secretariat and
Technical Unit.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section
Page  6
               including those for the Special Accounts
               for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Association;
          (ii) furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year, a certified copy of the report of
               such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the
               Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Association such
               other information concerning said
               records, accounts and the audit
               thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the
basis of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) retain, until at least one year after the
               Association has received the audit for
               the fiscal year in which the last
               withdrawal from the Credit Account was
               made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other
               documents) evidencing such expenditures;
         (iii) enable the Association's
               representatives to examine such
               records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support the related
               withdrawals.
                       ARTICLE V
              Remedies of the Association
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  The NORAD Grant Agreement shall have failed to
become effective by December 31, 1990, or such later date
as the Association may agree; provided, however, that the
provisions of this paragraph shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the
Association that adequate funds for the Project are
available to the Borrower from other sources on terms and
conditions consistent with the obligations of the
Page  7
Borrower under this Agreement.
     (b)  (i)  Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this
               paragraph the right of the Borrower to
               withdraw the proceeds of the SIDA or the
               NORAD Grants made to the Borrower for the
               financing of the Project shall have been
               suspended, cancelled or terminated in
               whole or in part, pursuant to the terms
               of the agreement providing therefor, or
          (ii) Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall
               not apply if the Borrower establishes to
               the satisfaction of the Association that:
               (A) such suspension, cancellation,
               termination or prematuring is not caused
               by the failure of the Borrower to perform
               any of its obligations under such
               agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
               Project are available to the Borrower
               from other sources on terms and condi-
               tions consistent with the obligations of
               the Borrower under this Agreement.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the
General Conditions, the following additional event is
specified namely that the event specified in paragraph
(b) (i) (B) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall
occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (d) (ii) of
that Section.
                      ARTICLE VI
                      Termination
     Section 6.01. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of the Borrower at the
time responsible for finance is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          P.O. Box 9111
          Dar es Salaam
          United Republic of Tanzania
          Cable address:                Telex:
               TREASURY                 41329
               Dar es Salaam
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
Page  8
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
               By /s/ Ali Karume
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
       Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                     Credit Allocated      % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category           SDR Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)     Parts A and B
   of the Project:
   (a) Civil works      1,970,000       100% of foreign
       for Parts A.1,                   expenditures and
       B.1, B.2 and                     85% of local
       B.5 of the                       expenditures
       Project
   (b) Furniture,       2,200,000       100% of foreign
       equipment and                    expenditures,
       vehicles                         100% of local
                                        expenditures
                                        (ex-factory
                                        costs) and
                                        85% of local
                                        expenditures for
                                        other items pro-
                                        cured locally
   (c) Secondary        2,720,000       100% of foreign
       textbooks,                       expenditures,
       reference                        100% of local
       books and                        expenditures
       library                          (ex-factory
       materials                        costs) and 85%
Page  9
                                        of local ex-
                                        penditures for
                                        other items pro-
                                        cured locally
   (d) Curriculum/      6,810,000       100%
       textbook
       development,
       training
       consultants'
       services and
       fellowships
   (e) Research and       760,000       100%
       Studies
   (f) Project            600,000       100% of foreign
       management                       expenditures and
       and non-                         50% of local
       salary adminis-                  expenditures
       trative costs
(2)    Part C of the
   Project:
   (a) Construction     8,320,000       100% of foreign
       materials and                    expenditures,
       furniture for                    100% of local
       Part C.2 of                      expenditures
       the Project                      (ex-factory cost)
                                        and 85% of local
                                        expenditures for
                                        other items pro-
                                        cured locally
   (b) Consultants'       680,000       100%
       services and
       training
   (c) Project manage-    150,000       100% of foreign
       ment and non-                    expenditures and
       salary adminis-                  50% of local
       trative costs                    expenditures
(3)    Unallocated      4,790,000
       TOTAL           29,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made
for expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to: (i) strengthen
the Borrower's education sector's capacity to plan and
implement appropriate and effective education policies
and programs; (ii) improve the quality of education
Page  10
instruction at the primary and secondary levels; and
(iii) strengthen the mobilization and effective
utilization of non-government resources for the
improvement and selective expansion of educational
facilities.
     The Project consists of the following parts, subject
to such modifications thereof as the Borrower and the
Association may agree upon from time to time to achieve
such objectives:
Part A:   Development of Institutional Capacity For
          Planning and Managing Educational Programs
1.   Strengthening of school management and
administration through: (a) training of about 10,000
primary school head teachers, 500 school inspectors, 300
District Supply and Logistics Officers, DEOs and REOS;
and (b) refurbishing of the Institute of Management
Training for Education Personnel.
2.   (a)  Strengthening of the information base available
to education authorities, with special emphasis on the
systematic collection, analysis and dissemination of
school performance indicators, efficiency measures, and
cost and financing data through the provision of training
and technical support, the acquisition of computer
software, bibliographical materials and equipment, and
the development and printing of data collection
instruments.
     (b)  Strengthening the Borrower's Examination
Council to enable it to annually prepare and distribute
examination results by level, district, subject and sex.
3.   (a)  Improvement of MOE's Department of Planning's
capacity to plan, conduct and coordinate educational
research program and to plan sectoral improvements,
through the establishment of a research committee in MOE
and an Educational Research Bureau associated with
Faculty of Education at the University of Dar es Salaam.
     (b)  Acquisition of microcomputer equipment and
software, library materials and vehicles to support above
activities.
4.   Carrying out studies to assist the Borrower's
efforts to update the existing national educational
strategy. .
5.   Carrying out of preinvestment studies for future
education
projects.
Part B:   Qualitative Improvements
1.   Strengthening of ICD through the construction of an
administration building, a library, staff offices, and
ICD's School Equipment Development Unit workshop and
laboratory facilities, the rehabilitation of existing
offices, provision of fellowships and training for ICD
staff and acquisition of office and science equipment,
materials, furniture and vehicles.
2.   Improvement in the science curriculum and
methodology for teaching science courses in secondary
schools, through the training of science teachers in the
use of newly developed materials, the refurbishing and
equipping of ten zonal Teacher Resource Centers and the
acquisition of teaching materials and equipment.
3.   Implementation of a primary textbook production
Page  11
program, including manuscript development, production and
distribution of textbooks, and teacher orientation.
4.   Implementation of a secondary textbook production
program, including manuscript development, revision of
current "O" level textbooks for Kiswahili and various
social sciences, production and distribution of
textbooks, and teacher orientation.
5.   Upgrading university, TTC and secondary school
libraries and initiating a pilot primary school library
extension project, through repair of secondary school
library facilities, acquisition of bookcases, related
library fixtures and reference books, and training of
school librarians.
Part C:   Mobilization of Communi= Resources
1.   Development and implementation of a comprehensive
school maintenance strategy through:
     (a)  training of SMARTs in all districts in school
building and maintenance, using locally available
materials and technology;
     (b)  formulation of cost effective standard norms
for primary school rehabilitation and maintenance; and
     (c)  promoting incentives for community
participation.
2.   Rehabilitation of about 5,200 primary school
classrooms and related facilities with the assistance of
local communities.
3.   Provision of incentives to increase community
efforts in financing the establishment and improvement of
secondary schools, through the establishment of a
National Education Trust Fund to assist schools
established by DETFs and similar community-based non-
profit organizations, and the provision of funds to match
community investments in such schools.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1996.
                      SCHEDULE 3
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   (a)  Bidders for the works included in Parts A.1,
B.1, B.2 and B.5 and books under Parts B.3 and B.4 of the
Project shall be prequalified as described in paragraph
2.10 of the Guidelines.
     (b)  To the extent practicable, contracts for goods
shall be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more each.
Page  12
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Tanzania may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Preference for Domestic Contractors
     In the procurement of works in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may
grant a margin of preference to domestic contractors in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraph
5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Civil works under Parts B.1, B.2 and B.5 of the
Project estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$250,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $2,000,000 may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
2.   Contracts for the rehabilitation of primary schools
may be undertaken by the community within which the
school is located.
3.   Selected titles of library/reference books and
printed materials, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed $2,400,000, may be procured on the basis of
competitive quotations for discounts on list prices or
directly from the publishers of such books or their
authorized distributors.
4.   Proprietary science equipment, up to an aggregate
amount not to exceed $250,000 may be procured directly
from the manufacturers of such equipment.
5.   Equipment and supplies estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $100,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$1,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Association.
Part E:   Review by the Association of Procurement
Decisions
1.   Review of prequalification:
     With respect to the prequalification of bidders as
provided
in Part A.2 (a) hereof, the procedures set forth in
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $250,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Accounts, such
procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished
Page  13
to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of
the first payment out of the Special Accounts in respect
of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Accounts, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said para-
graph 3 shall be furnished to the Association as part of
the evidence to be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
3.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Association. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Implementation Program
Project Coordination
1.   The implementation of the Project shall be
coordinated by the PCT under the executive management of
the Director of Planning in MOE. The PCT shall be headed
by a Project Coordinator, who shall be responsible for
overall supervision and control of the day-to-day
progress of Project implementation. The Project
Coordinator shall be assisted by two Deputy Project
Coordinators, one from MOE and the other from MLG, each
heading a Project team within their respective ministries
(PCT/MOE and PCT/MLG). PCT/MOE, shall have at least eight
members and be responsible for the specific project
activities falling within MOE. PCT/MLG shall comprise at
least three members and be responsible for Project
activities within MLG.
2.   Within its area of responsibility each PCT shall be
responsible for: (a) the detailed planning of each phase
of the Project and the modification of the overall
targets, as and when needed; (b) the coordinated and
logical development of the various elements of the
Project; (c) the final selection of the primary schools
to be rehabilitated and the community secondary schools
to be assisted by NETF, in accordance with criteria
established under the Project; (d) the management of all
Project funds and their disbursement; and (e) the annual
evaluation and report on the progress of the Project.
3.   The Borrower shall: (a) by February 15 in each year
furnish to the Association for its review and comments,
the annual work plan for the following Fiscal Year; (b)
thereafter implement such annual work plan taking into
account the Association's comments; and (c) by September
30 in each year, furnish to the Association the annual
progress report on Project implementation for the
Page  14
previous year.
4.   The Borrower shall convene: (a) joint annual
implementation reviews with the Association; and (b) a
mid-term review to assess performance in Project
implementation, modify Project implementation targets and
strategies and prepare future work programs and budgets.
Part A of the Project
5.   Management training f or head teachers, school
inspectors, District Supply and Logistics Officers, DEOs
and REOs under Part A of the Project shall be provided by
the MOE and the Institute of Management Training for
Education Personnel.
6.   (a)  The Borrower shall establish a research
committee within MOE with participation of
representatives of Dar es Salaam University. The
Committee shall develop a research agenda, award research
contracts, supervise research and coordinate the
publishing of research results.
     (b)  The Borrower shall undertake studies/research
on, inter alia, the following areas and shall furnish the
terms of reference for such studies to the Association
not later than December 31, 1990:
          (i)  evaluation of use of textbooks and
               instructional time;
          (ii) methods for teaching science and
               mathematics;
         (iii) costs of education and willingness
               and capacity to share costs;
          (iv) budgetary implications of various
               policies for financing education;
          (v)  responsibilities and roles of education
               managers in a decentralized system;
          (vi) criteria that districts should use in
               locating and building new schools; and
         (vii) preinvestment study on priority
               needs of the education sector.
     (c)  The Borrower shall host two seminars on its
strategy for the education sector, with donors involved
in the sector, the first within the one year and the
second within three years after the Effectiveness Date.
     (d)  The Borrower shall by December 31, 1994,
furnish to the Association for its review, the
recommendations of the preinvestment study referred to in
subparagraph (b) (vii) above.
Part B of the Project
7.   The Book Management Unit with MOE shall absorb the
functions and staff of, and replace the Primary Education
Coordinating Office in MOE and supervise all procurement
and award of publishing and printing services to produce
the textbooks and teaching guides from the manuscripts
prepared by ICD and approved by MOE as well as delivery
of textbooks to schools.
8.   The Borrower shall by: (a) December 31, 1991,
complete the program for familiarizing secondary school
teachers with the unified science syllabus; (b) the 1992
Page  15
School Year initiate the testing of the unified science
syllabus and materials in about 20 pilot secondary
school; and (c) December 31, 1993, evaluate the
experience in the pilot schools and complete revisions in
the science syllabus incorporating the results of the
evaluation.
9.   (a)  The primary textbook production shall be
implemented in two phases. During the first phase
selected existing textbooks and teachers guides in
English, Science and Mathematics shall be printed and
distributed to the schools. The second phase shall
involve the systematized development, field-testing,
production and distribution of new series in Kiswahili,
Health and Livelihood, Social Studies, English, Science
and Mathematics.
     (b)  The secondary textbook production shall also be
implemented in two phases. By June 30, 1991, the Borrower
shall obtain the reprint and adaptation rights to
appropriate textbooks in Science, English and
Mathematics. Thereafter the textbooks shall be field-
tested in about 12-15 schools, and the feedback shall
form the basis for the development of a new secondary
textbook series for the subject areas concerned.
10.  The Borrower shall by March 31 in each year agree
with the Association on: (a) adequate allocations of
funds for textbook development, field testing, printing,
distribution and teacher orientation; and (b) commencing
1991, gradually increase its annual budgetary allocation
for the minimum primary textbook package, in accordance
with a plan of action agreed with the Association during
the annual review of Project implementation provided for
in paragraph 4 above.
11.  The Borrower shall not later than June 30, 1991,
announce that complementary marketing channels shall be
allowed to open and operate to facilitate purchases of
additional textbooks from private sources.
Part C of the Project
11.  (a)  The Borrower shall: (i) by December 31, 1990,
furnish to the Association for its approval, a list of
100 primary schools considered to have met the selection
criteria, for inclusion in the first year of
rehabilitation work; and (ii) by June 30, 1991, prepare
and discuss with the Association a comprehensive school
maintenance policy/strategy, providing for a gradual
increase in recurrent allocations for school maintenance,
for introduction into the education system commencing in
1992.
     (b)  The school rehabilitation program shall be
implemented in two phases. The first phase shall involve
the training of SMARTs organized in each District
comprising a core group of two to three community
craftsmen. The selected candidates shall be obligated to
at least two years service to the District. The second
phase shall involve the rehabilitation of about 5,200
primary school classrooms and related facilities. The
communities shall provide labor and finance the services
of the SMARTS. The Borrower shall employ a construction
management consultant to train and assist PCT/MLG staff
in the organization and supervision of the program,
materials procurement and distribution.
12.  NETF shall provide financial assistance to DETFs and
other similar community-based non-profit organizations,
to match capital investments contributed towards the
establishment of day secondary schools. The criteria for
Page  16
eligibility for MF assistance under the Project shall be
satisfactory to the Association, and shall include, inter
alia, the granting annually by the DETF concerned, of
full scholarships for secondary education to at least
three primary school leavers, from poor families unable
to afford school fees and obtaining the highest
placements in the primary school leaving examinations.
13.  The Borrower shall closely monitor the performance
of NETF assisted secondary schools in accordance with
performance indicators acceptable to the Association, to
ensure that they conform to MOE's prescribed standards
for curriculum, teacher qualifications, school
timetables, student-teacher ratios and school facilities.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                   Special Accounts
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) (a), through (f) (for the MOE Special Account) and
Categories (2) (a) through (c) (for the MLG Special
Account) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an
amount equivalent to $1,000,000 for the MO E Special
Account and $500,000 for the MLG Special Account to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited into the
respective Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a)
of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the respective Special Accounts
shall be made exclusively for eligible expenditures in
accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Accounts have been
duly opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Accounts
shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
the Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Association shall,
on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
Account and deposit into the respective Special Accounts
such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have
requested.
     (b)  (i)  For replenishment of the respective
               Special Accounts, the Borrower shall
               furnish to the Association requests for
               deposits into that Special Account at
               such intervals as the Association shall
               specify.
          (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
               request, the Borrower shall furnish to
               the Association the documents and other
               evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
Page  17
               of this Schedule for the payment or
               payments in respect of which
               replenishment is requested. On the basis
               of each such request, the Association
               shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
               withdraw from the Credit Account and
               deposit into the respective Special
               Accounts such amount as the Borrower
               shall have requested and as shall have
               been shown by said documents and other
               evidence to have been made out of the
               Special Accounts for eligible
               expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association
from the Credit Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Accounts, the Borrower shall, at such time as the
Association shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Association such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, the Association shall not be required to
make further deposits into the Special Accounts:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
the Borrower directly from the Credit Account in
accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to
the eligible Categories shall follow such procedures as
the Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied
that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
respective Special Accounts as of the date of such notice
will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Accounts: (i)
was made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; and (ii) was
not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Association (A) provide such additional evidence
as the Association may request, or (B) deposit into the
Special Accounts (or, if the Association shall so
request, refund to the Association) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Association
into the Special Accounts shall be made until the
Borrower has provided such evidence or made such deposit
Page  18
or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the respective
Special Accounts will not be required to cover further
payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower shall,
promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the
Association, refund to the Association all or any portion
of the funds on deposit in the Special Accounts.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to
paragraph 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Credit Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
