Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3482-IND
                (Fourth Telecommunications Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                   PT. Telekomunikasi Indonesia
                        Dated July 8, 1992
                                              Loan Number 3482-IND
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and PT. Telekomunikasi
Indonesia (TELKOM).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to three hundred seventy five million dollars
($375,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that TELKOM agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and TELKOM, a portion of the proceeds of the
loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be relent to TELKOM
on the terms and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      WHEREAS TELKOM, in consideration of the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the General
Conditions (as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) TELKOM declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Parts B and C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
telecommunication practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for Parts B and C of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Bank and TELKOM shall otherwise
agree, TELKOM shall carry out Parts B and C of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule
1 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. TELKOM shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and
Parts B and C of the Project.
      Section 2.04. TELKOM shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, TELKOM shall not take or concur in any action which
would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving
the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) TELKOM shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to the progress of Parts B
and C of the project, the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   TELKOM shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of
Parts B and C of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Loan, or the performance by TELKOM of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of TELKOM
      Section 3.01. TELKOM shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial and
telecommunication practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
Page  3
      Section 3.02. (a) TELKOM shall maintain its existence and
right to carry on its operations and shall take all steps necessary
to acquire, maintain and renew all interest in land and other prop-
erties and all rights, powers, privileges and franchises which are
necessary or useful in carrying out Parts B and C of the Project or
in the conduct of its business.
      (b)   TELKOM shall at all times operate and maintain its
plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
telecommunication practices.
      (c)   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TELKOM shall
not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its
property or assets which shall be required for the efficient
operation of its business and undertaking.
      Section 3.03. TELKOM shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Bank for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall
be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) TELKOM shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition, including separate accounts
for Parts B and C of the Project.
     (b)   TELKOM shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                   and expenses and related statements) for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
            (ii)   furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than six months after the end
                   of each such year, (A) certified copies of its
                   financial statements for such year as so audited
                   and (B) the report of such audit by said
                   auditors of such scope and in such detail as the
                   Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records, accounts and financial
                   statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                   Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the TELKOM shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
            (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the fiscal
                   year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account was made, all records (contracts,
                   orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                   documents) evidencing such expenditures;
Page  4
            (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TELKOM
shall not incur any debt unless a reasonable forecast of the
revenues and expenditures of TELKOM shows that the projected net
revenues of TELKOM for each fiscal year during the term of the debt
to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the projected debt
service requirement of TELKOM in such year on all debt of TELKOM
including the debt to be incurred. For the purposes of this Section:
      (a)   The term "debt" means any indebtedness of TELKOM
maturing by its terms more than one year after the date on which it
is originally incurred.
      (b)   Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under a loan
contract or agreement or other instrument providing for such debt or
further modification of its terms of payment, on the date of such
contract, agreement or instrument; and (ii) under a guarantee
agreement, on the date the agreement providing for such guarantee
has been entered into.
      (c)   The term "net revenues of TELKOM" means gross revenues
of TELKOM from all sources, adjusted to take account of TELKOM's
tariffs in effect at the time of the incurrence of debt even though
they were not in effect during the twelve-month period to which such
revenues relate, less all operating expenses of TELKOM, including
expenses accountable to administration, maintenance and taxes (or
payments in lieu of taxes), but before provision for depreciation of
assets and interest and other charges on debt.
      (d)   The term "debt service requirement" means the aggregate
amount of repayments (including sinking fund payments, if any) of,
and interest and other charges on, debt.
      (e)   The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast prepared
by TELKOM in the fiscal year in which the debt in question is to be
incurred, which both the Bank and TELKOM accept as reasonable and as
to which the Bank has notified TELKOM of its acceptability, provided
that no event has occurred since such notification which has, or may
reasonably be expected in the future to have, a material adverse
effect on the financial condition or future operating results of
TELKOM.
      (f)   Whenever for the purposes of this Section it shall be
necessary to value, in terms of currency of TELKOM, debt payable in
another currency, such valuation shall be made on the basis of the
prevailing lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the purposes of
servicing such debt, or, with absence of such rate, on the basis of
a rate of exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
TELKOM shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its fiscal
year ending on December 31, 1992, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than forty percent (40%) of the annual
average of TELKOM's capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before November 15 in each of its fiscal years,
commencing on November 15, 1992 and thereafter, TELKOM shall, on the
basis of forecasts prepared by TELKOM and satisfactory to the Bank,
Page  5
review whether it would meet the requirements set forth in paragraph
(a) of this Section in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such review upon
its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that TELKOM would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section for TELKOM's
fiscal years covered by such review, TELKOM shall promptly take all
necessary measures (including, but not limited to, furnishing to the
Borrower proposed adjustments of the structure or levels of its
tariffs) in order to meet the 40% requirement set forth in paragraph
(a) of this Section.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                   related to operations, consumer deposits and
                   consumer contributions in aid of construction,
                   net non-operating income, any reduction in
                   working capital other than cash, plus cash
                   surpluses from previous years; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                   operations, including administration, adequate
                   maintenance (excluding provision for
                   depreciation and other non-cash operating
                   charges), debt service requirements, all cash
                   dividends and other cash distributions of
                   surplus, increase in working capital other than
                   cash and other cash outflows other than capital
                   expenditures.
            (ii)   The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                   related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses incurred in the generation of
                   revenues in (A) above.
            (iii)  The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
            (iv)   The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses within the next fiscal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable or
                   could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   debt service requirements, taxes and payments in
                   lieu of taxes, and dividends.
            (vi)   The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
            (vii)  The term "capital expenditures" means all
                   expenditures incurred on account of fixed
Page  6
                   assets, including interest charged to
                   construction, related to operations.
            (viii) Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Bank.
      (e)   The provisions of this Section supersede the provisions
of Section 4.03 (a) of the Project Agreement dated April 30, 1990
entered into between the Bank and Perusahaan Umum Telekomunikasi for
purposes of Loan No. 3182-IND (Third Telecommunications Project).
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of TELKOM thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify TELKOM thereof.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA),
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For TELKOM:
            Grha Citra Caraka                   Telex: 62-21-60751
            Jl. Jend Gatot Subroto 52
Page  7
            Jakarta 12150
            Indonesia
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of TELKOM may be taken or executed by the
President Director or such other person or persons as the President
Director shall designate in writing, and TELKOM shall furnish to the
Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the authenticated
specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Gautam Kaji
                                           Regional Vice President
                                             East Asia and Pacific
                         PT. TELEKOMUNIKASI INDONESIA
                         By /s/ Abdul Rachman Ramly
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for Outside Plant works shall be prequalified as
provided in paragraph 2.10 of the Guidelines.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Indonesia may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
      Items or groups of items for test equipment and tools, spare
parts, software and rehabilitation of existing equipment estimated
to cost up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $17,000,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
obtained from at least three qualified suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines and in accordance with procedures set forth in Sections
Page  8
I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55,
2.56 thereof).
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth
in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the Loan
Account are to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist TELKOM in carrying out Parts B and C of the
Project, TELKOM shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
                             SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
1.    On November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 1992
and thereafter until the completion of the Project, TELKOM shall:
      (a) prepare and furnish to the Bank, for its review and
comments, its corporate plan and institutional development plans for
the following fiscal year, and, thereafter, taking into account
Bank's comments, if any, carry out such plans; and
      (b)   review and, if required, revise with the prior
concurrence of the Bank, the TELKOM's Fiscal Years 1992-96
Investment Program.
      The provisions of this paragraph supersede the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement dated April 30,
1990 entered into between the Bank and Perusahaan Umum
Telekomunikasi for purposes of Loan No. 3182-IND (Third
Telecommunications Project).
2.    TELKOM shall, by November 15, 1993, prepare and furnish to the
Bank, for its review and comments, proposed procurement guidelines
to be applied in the procurement of goods and services required by
TELKOM in the carrying on of its operations (except for goods and
services financed out of the proceeds of the Loan), and, thereafter,
adopt said guidelines taking into account the Bank's comments.
3.    TELKOM shall, by November 15, 1992, prepare and furnish to the
Bank, for its approval, an action plan to strengthen TELKOM's capa-
bilities in the areas of: (a) accounting and financial management;
Page  9
(b) operations; (c) capacity management of both physical and human
resources; and (d) training of staff and managers in management
techniques and new technology, and, thereafter, implement such
action plan as approved by the Bank.
      The provisions of this paragraph supersede the provisions of
paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement dated April 30,
1990 entered into between the Bank and Perusahaan Umum Telekomuni-
kasi for purposes of Loan No. 3182-IND (Third Telecommunications
Project).
4.    TELKOM shall maintain the Project Implementation Unit,
established in September 1991, for the purposes of carrying out
Parts B and C of the Project; the Project Implementation Unit shall
be headed by a qualified and experienced officer, and vested, at all
times, with such power, responsibilities, funds, staff, facilities
and other resources as shall be required to undertake its
responsibilities in the carrying out of said Parts of the Project.
5.    TELKOM shall: (a) by December 31, 1992, prepare and furnish to
the Bank, for its approval, a master plan for the implementation of
Parts B and C of the Project, which master plan to be prepared in
accordance with the critical path method and to include actions to
be taken by TELKOM and the relevant Borrower's departments or
agencies; and (b) thereafter, carry out said Parts of the Project in
accordance with such master plan as approved by the Bank.
6.    TELKOM shall:
      (a)   take all such action as shall be necessary to meet
physical and financial performance targets, satisfactory to the
Bank, for its Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993;
      (b)   by November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15,
1993, in consultation with the Borrower, prepare physical and
financial performance targets for indicators, satisfactory to the
Bank, for the next two TELKOM's Fiscal Years, and, thereafter, take
all such action as shall be necessary to meet such performance
targets; and
      (c)   within six months of the end of each of the above-
mentioned Fiscal Years, report to the Borrower and the Bank on the
results of its actions in meeting such performance targets.
7.    TELKOM shall: (a) on November 15 of each year, commencing on
November 15, 1992, review the level and structure of its tariffs,
and, thereafter, furnish to the Bank, for its review and comments,
the results of such review and its proposed tariff changes, if any;
and (b) therafter, taking into account the Bank's comments, furnish
to the Borrower, for its consideration, any proposed tariff
adjustment.
