Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2572 IN
                         Project Agreement
        (Forestry Research Education and Extension Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
        INDIAN COUNCIL FOR FORESTRY RESEARCH AND EDUCATION
                        Dated March 9, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2572 IN
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 9, 1994, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and INDIAN COUNCIL FOR
FORESTRY RESEARCH AND EDUCATION (ICFRE).
      WHEREAS: (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between INDIA, (the Borrower) and the Association, the
Association has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount
in various currencies equivalent to thirty three million eight
hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 33,800,000), on the
terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit Agreement,
but only on condition that ICFRE agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   By a Project Agreement of even date herewith between the
Association and the States of Himachal Pradesh and Tamil Nadu (the
Project States) (the States Agreement), the Project States have
agreed to undertake certain obligations in respect of the carrying
out of Part C (i) and (ii) of the Project; and
      WHEREAS ICFRE, in consideration of the Association's entering
into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) ICFRE declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part
A of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, and forestry research
practices, and shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for Part A of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and ICFRE shall
otherwise agree, ICFRE shall carry out Part A of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in the Schedule
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the works, goods and services required for Part A of
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ICFRE shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of this Project Agreement and
Part A of the Project.
      Section 2.04. (a) ICFRE shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part A of the project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ICFRE shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part A of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by ICFRE of its
obligations under this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                Management and Operations of ICFRE
      Section 3.01. ICFRE shall carry on its operations and conduct
its affairs in accordance with sound administrative, financial, and
forestry practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers.
      Section 3.02. ICFRE shall at all times operate and maintain
its equipment and other property, and from time to time promptly as
needed make all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound administrative, financial and forestry
practices.
      Section 3.03. ICFRE shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provisions satisfactory to the
Page  3
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ICFRE shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part A of the Project of the departments
or agencies of the ICFRE responsible for carrying out Part A of the
Project.
      (b)   ICFRE shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association.
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than nine months after
                   the end of each such year, the report of such
                   audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                   such detail as the Association shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records and accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
                          ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ICFRE thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
           (ii)    the date twenty (20) years after the date of
                   this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify ICFRE of
this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
Page  4
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
            For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For ICFRE:
            Indian Council for Forestry
              Research and Education
            P.O. New Forest
            Dehra Dun 248-006
            India                          Telex:
                                             585-258-FRIC-IN
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ICFRE may be taken or executed by the
Director General of ICFRE or such other person or persons as the
Director General shall designate in writing, and ICFRE shall furnish
to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                   INDIAN COUNCIL FOR FORESTRY RESEARCH AND
                      EDUCATION
                   By /s/ N. Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                             SCHEDULE
Page  5
                      Implementation Program
1.    ICFRE shall: (i) develop and discuss with the Association, not
later than June 30, 1995, a methodology for setting research
priorities under Part A of the project, and (ii) complete, not later
than June 30, 1996, drafts of the National Forestry Research Plan
and the associated Human Resources Development Plan, and shall
discuss and agree with the Association on such Plans as part of the
mid-term review referred to in paragraph 10 below.
2.    ICFRE shall: (i) prepare and agree with the Association, not
later than December 31, 1994, the format of the Indian Forestry
Research Information System; (ii) utilize such system for
introducing a program budgeting during FY 1995-96, and, to the
extent practicable, for preparation of the FY 1996-97 budget; and
(iii) fully utilize such system for preparation of the FY 1997-98
budget.
3.    ICFRE shall complete and discuss with the Association, not
later than December 31, 1994, the survey to identify interim seed
sources for development and detailed site plans for clonal seed
orchards, for seedling seed production areas, and for multiplication
gardens, and detailed plans for nursery improvements in all ICFRE
Institutes.
4.    ICFRE shall, not later than September 30, 1994: (i) identify
an institution, acceptable to the Association, for placement and
support of trainees under Part A of the Project, and (ii) agree on
the provisions of such contract.
5.    ICFRE shall prepare, not later than September 30, 1994, a
training plan for the first year training under Part A of the
Project, acceptable to the Association, and shall, not later than
April 30 of every year thereafter, during the Project implementation
period, prepare annual training plans acceptable to the Association.
6.    ICFRE shall, every year during the Project implementation
period, under terms of reference agreed with the Association,
undertake a review of the scientific activities of at least two of
ICFRE's Institutes, and shall thereafter implement the agreed
recommendations of such reviews.
7.ICFRE shall introduce, and discuss with the Association, a
program of analytical standardization within ICFRE Institutes and
collaborating research organizations, not later than December 31,
1994.
8.    ICFRE shall not later than December 31, 1994: (i) cause all
libraries participating in the Indian Forestry Library and
Information Network to agree on the range of journals to be
purchased under Part A of the Project, (ii) prepare, under terms of
reference agreed with the Association, contracts for computerization
of library catalogues, and (iii) prepare terms of reference agreed
with the Association for reviews of current research and grey
literature.
9.    ICFRE shall complete, not later than June 30, 1996, in
consultation with the Association, the review of the curricula for
forestry education in selected universities in India.
10.   ICFRE shall undertake, in collaboration with the Association,
the Borrower and the Project States, not later than February 28,
1997, a mid-term review of the Project, and shall thereafter
implement the recommendations of such review.
11.   In addition to the criteria for assessing the proposals for
grant funding under the research grant fund and the extension
support fund referred to in para 3 (ii) of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement, ICFRE shall review, in collaboration
with the Association, the first three proposals for funding under
each grant fund.
Page  6
