Page  1
                                                             CONFORMED COPY
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2753 MAI
                              Project Agreement
                    (National Water Development Project)
                                   between
                    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                     and
                            LILONGWE WATER BOARD
                           Dated November 1, 1995
                                                     CREDIT NUMBER 2753 MAI
                           PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 1, 1995, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and LILONGWE WATER
BOARD (LWB).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between Republic of Malawi (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to
the Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
fifty million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 50,300,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that LWB
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as
are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a Financing agreement to be entered into between
the Borrower and LWB, a portion of the proceeds of the credit
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
made available to LWB on the terms and conditions set forth in
said Financing Agreement; and
      WHEREAS LWB, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Page  2
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                  ARTICLE I
                                 Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement and
in the General Conditions (as so defined) have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                                 ARTICLE II
                          Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. LWB declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Parts A.5 and C.1 (b) (i) of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and public utility practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for
Parts A.5 and C.1 (b) (i) of the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for Parts A.5 and C.1 (b) (i) of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.03. (a) LWB shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the LWB
Project Agreement and Parts A.5 and C.1 (b) (i)of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of Article IX
of the General Conditions, LWB shall:
            (i)    prepare and furnish to the Association not
                   later than six (6) months after the Closing
                   Date or such later date as may be agreed for
                   this purpose between the Borrower and the
                   Association, a plan, of such scope and in such
                   detail as the Association shall reasonably
                   request, for the future operation of Parts A.5
                   and C.1 (b) (i) of the Project;
            (ii)   afford the Association a reasonable opportunity
                   to exchange views with the Borrower on said
                   plan; and
            (iii)  thereafter, carry out said plan with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in accordance with
                   appropriate practices, taking into account the
                   Association's comments thereon.
      Section 2.04. LWB shall duly perform all its obligations
under the LWB Financing Agreement. Except as the Association
shall otherwise agree, LWB shall not take or concur in any
action which would have the effect of amending, abrogating,
assigning or waiving the LWB Financing Agreement or any
provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) LWB shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
Page  3
the progress of Parts A.5 and C.1 (b) (i) of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and under
the LWB Financing Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   LWB shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Parts A.5 and C.1 (b) (i) of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or the
performance by LWB of its obligations under this Agreement, the
Performance Agreement, and under the LWB Financing Agreement.
      Section 2.06. LWB shall take all measures necessary to
prepare and furnish to the Program Leader:
      (a)   periodic quarterly and annual Project progress
reports pursuant to paragraph 8 of Schedule 4 to the
Development Credit Agreement; and
      (b)   such reports as shall be necessary for carrying out
the review referred to in Section 3.03 of the Development
Credit Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE III
                      Management and Operations of LWB
      Section 3.01. LWB shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and engineering practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent
staff in adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. LWB shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from
time to time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs
and renewals thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering,
financial and public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. LWB shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
the Association for, insurance against such risks and in such
amounts as shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
                                 ARTICLE IV
                             Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) LWB shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   LWB shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts and financial
                   statements (balance sheets, statements of
                   income and expenses and related statements),
                   and the LWB Special Account for each fiscal
                   year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                   auditing principles consistently applied, by
                   independent auditors acceptable to the
                   Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, (A)
                   certified copies of its financial statements
                   for such year as so audited and (B) the report
                   of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                   and in such detail as the Association shall
                   have reasonably requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
Page  4
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. LWB shall take all measures necessary to
perform all its obligations under the Performance Agreement and
to establish and maintain water rates in accordance with
Section 4.02 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement.
                                  ARTICLE V
          Effective Date; Termination; Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of LWB thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
                   its terms; or
            (ii)   the date twenty five years after the date of
                   this Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify LWB of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                                 ARTICLE VI
                          Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
            For LWB:
            Lilongwe Water Board
            P.O. Box 96
            Lilongwe
Page  5
            Malawi
                                           Telex:
                                             44517 Madzi MI
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of LWB may be taken or executed
by General Manager or such other person or persons as General
Manager shall designate in writing, and LWB shall furnish to
the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                                    Regional Vice President
                                                                     Africa
                   LILONGWE WATER BOARD
                   By /s/ W. Chokani
                                                  Authorized Representative
