Page  1
                                     LOAN NUMBER 2724 GU
                  Guarantee Agreement
             (Power Distribution Project)
                        between
                 REPUBLIC OF GUATEMALA
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated June 7, 1988
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2724 GU
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated June 7, 1988,  between REPUBLIC OF
GUATEMALA (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Instituto Nacional de
Electrificacion (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the
Bank to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to seventy million dollars ($70,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that the Guarantor agree to
guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed so to guarantee such obligations of
the Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
Page  2
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement.
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to and Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and to this end, without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, and the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon
the provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the
Guarantor specifically undertakes, whenever there is
reasonable cause to believe that the funds available to
the Borrower will be inadequate to meet the estimated
expenditures required for the carrying out of the
Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to
be provided with such funds as are needed to meet such
expenditures.
                      ARTICLE III
                    Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) Except as the Guarantor and the
Bank shall otherwise agree, the Guarantor shall take, and
cause to be taken, all such legal, financial and
administrative action as shall be necessary to ensure
that, by January 1, 1989 and at all times thereafter, the
accounts payable by public agencies to the Borrower and
EEG shall not exceed the sum of amounts billed by the
Borrower and EEG during the two months immediately
preceding the date on which such calculation is made.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section, the term "public
agency" means any agency or instrumentality of the
Guarantor, any political or administrative subdivision
thereof or any entity (other than the Borrower and EEG)
owned or controlled by, or operating for the account or
benefit of, the Guarantor or any such agency,
instrumentality or subdivision.
     (c)  Without rotation to the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section, the Guarantor shall, in accordance
with the terms of the agreement to be entered into
pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.01 (b) of the
Page  3
Loan Agreement, cause EMPAGUA to pay to EEG, not later
than July 31, 1987, all the outstanding debt of EMPAGUA.
     Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor shall, promptly as
required, take all action necessary on its part to
enable: (i) the Borrower and EEG to set and maintain
their respective tariffs at levels sufficient to fulfill
the Borrower's and EEG's obligations under Sections 5.04
of the Loan Agreement and 4.04 of the Project Agreement,
respectively; (ii) the Borrower to comply with the
provisions of Section 5.07 of the Loan Agreement; and
(iii) the Borrower and EEG to carry out their respective
obligations of the Plan of Action.
     (b)  To the extent that the Guarantor shall comply
with its obligations under sub-paragraph (a)(1.) of this
Section, the Guarantor's obligations under Section 3.02
of the Chixoy Guarantee Agreement shall be deemed to be
complied with.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
     Section 4.01. The Ministro de Finanzas of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Ministerio de Finanzas
          8a Avenida, Calle 21 - Zona 1
          Guatemala, Guatemala
     Cable address:                Telex:
          MINFIP                        9207
          Guatemala                     MINFIP GU
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
            Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
     Cable address:                Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
          Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA)
or                                      64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               REPUBLIC OF GUATEMALA
               By /s/ Oscar Padilla Vidaurre
                              Authorized Representative
Page  4
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                Regional Vice President
                        Latin America and the Caribbean
