Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 1920 MAI
                                            (Third Amendment)
          (Industrial and Trade Policy Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated December 3, 1990
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 1920 MAI
                                                 (Third Amendment)
                     THIRD AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 3, 1990, between the REPUBLIC OF
MALAWI (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Industrial and Trade Policy
Adjustment Credit), dated September 16, 1988, (the Development
Credit Agreement) for the purpose of assisting in the financing of
the program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the
Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into two
agreements dated May 22, 1989 and December 14, 1989 (the First
Amending Agreement and the Second Amending Agreement) amending the
Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of providing the
Borrower with additional assistance in the financing of the Program;
Page  2
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
further additional assistance towards the financing of the Program
by increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to five
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 5,100,000);
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such further additional assistance to
the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agree-
ment is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the end of
Subsection (c) thereof and the replacement of the ensuing subsection
by the following:
            "(d)  "RBM" means the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the
      Borrower's Central Bank, established pursuant to the Reserve
      Bank of Malawi Act (AC No. 8 of 1989);
            (e)   "Second Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Industrial and
      Trade Policy Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association, dated December 14, 1989; and
            (f)   "Third Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Industrial and
      Trade Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the Associa-
      tion, dated December 3, 1990."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to sixty-three million five hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 63,500,000) (the Credit),
      which includes an original amount in various currencies
      equivalent to fifty million six hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 50,600,000), and three additional amounts
      in various currencies equivalent, respectively, to four
      million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 4,000,000) (the First
      Additional Financing), three million eight hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,800,000) (the Second Additional
      Financing) and five million one hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 5,100,000) (the Third Additional Financ-
      ing)."
      Section 1.03. The date in Section 2.03 is replaced by December
31, 1991.
      Section 1.04. A proviso is added at the end of Section 2.04
(b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on the
      First Additional Financing shall accrue from July 21, 1989,
      any commitment charge on the Second Additional Financing shall
      accrue from February 12, 1990 and that any commitment charge
      on the Third Additional Financing shall accrue from a date
      sixty days after the date of the Third Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.05. (a) The amount of the Credit allocated to
Page  3
Category (1) in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
the Development Credit Agreement is increased from SDR 50,420,000 to
SDR 63,320,000 and the total amount of the Credit referred to at the
end of the said table is increased from SDR 50,600,000 to SDR 63,50-
0,000.
      (b)   Paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 25,210,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 29,210,000."
      Section 1.06. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "7. (a) After May 21, 1990, no withdrawals shall be made
      and no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or
      on the order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to  be
      financed out of the proceeds of the First Additional  Finan-
      cing. At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      First Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any part
      thereof.
            (b)   After December 13, 1990, no withdrawals shall be
      made and no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts,
      to or on the order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures
      to be financed out of the proceeds of the Second Additional
      Financing. At any time after such date, the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the Second Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof.
            (c)   After a date twelve months from the date of the
      the Third Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and
      no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to,   or on
      the order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Third Additional Financ-
      ing. At any time after such date the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      Third Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any part
      thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to the
Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is
legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement, as amended to the date of this Agreement, shall
Page  4
continue in full force and effect, as if this Agreement had not been
executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                  By /s/ R. B. Mbaya
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 1920 MAI
                                            (Third Amendment)
          (Industrial and Trade Policy Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  5
                      Dated December 3, 1990
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 1920 MAI
                                                 (Third Amendment)
                     THIRD AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated December 3, 1990, between the REPUBLIC OF
MALAWI (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Industrial and Trade Policy
Adjustment Credit), dated September 16, 1988, (the Development
Credit Agreement) for the purpose of assisting in the financing of
the program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble to the
Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into two
agreements dated May 22, 1989 and December 14, 1989 (the First
Amending Agreement and the Second Amending Agreement) amending the
Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of providing the
Borrower with additional assistance in the financing of the Program;
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
further additional assistance towards the financing of the Program
by increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement by an amount in various currencies equivalent to five
million one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 5,100,000);
and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such further additional assistance to
the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agree-
ment is amended by the deletion of the word "and" at the end of
Subsection (c) thereof and the replacement of the ensuing subsection
by the following:
            "(d)  "RBM" means the Reserve Bank of Malawi, the
      Borrower's Central Bank, established pursuant to the Reserve
      Bank of Malawi Act (AC No. 8 of 1989);
            (e)   "Second Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Industrial and
      Trade Policy Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the
      Association, dated December 14, 1989; and
            (f)   "Third Amending Agreement" means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Industrial and
      Trade Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the Associa-
      tion, dated December 3, 1990."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to sixty-three million five hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 63,500,000) (the Credit),
Page  6
      which includes an original amount in various currencies
      equivalent to fifty million six hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 50,600,000), and three additional amounts
      in various currencies equivalent, respectively, to four
      million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 4,000,000) (the First
      Additional Financing), three million eight hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 3,800,000) (the Second Additional
      Financing) and five million one hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 5,100,000) (the Third Additional Financ-
      ing)."
      Section 1.03. The date in Section 2.03 is replaced by December
31, 1991.
      Section 1.04. A proviso is added at the end of Section 2.04
(b) of the Development Credit Agreement reading as follows:
            "; provided, however, that any commitment charge on the
      First Additional Financing shall accrue from July 21, 1989,
      any commitment charge on the Second Additional Financing shall
      accrue from February 12, 1990 and that any commitment charge
      on the Third Additional Financing shall accrue from a date
      sixty days after the date of the Third Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.05. (a) The amount of the Credit allocated to
Category (1) in the table set forth in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
the Development Credit Agreement is increased from SDR 50,420,000 to
SDR 63,320,000 and the total amount of the Credit referred to at the
end of the said table is increased from SDR 50,600,000 to SDR 63,50-
0,000.
      (b)   Paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by the deletion therefrom of the amount
"SDR 25,210,000" and the substitution therefor of the amount
"SDR 29,210,000."
      Section 1.06. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "7. (a) After May 21, 1990, no withdrawals shall be made
      and no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or
      on the order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to  be
      financed out of the proceeds of the First Additional  Finan-
      cing. At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      First Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any part
      thereof.
            (b)   After December 13, 1990, no withdrawals shall be
      made and no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts,
      to or on the order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures
      to be financed out of the proceeds of the Second Additional
      Financing. At any time after such date, the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of
      the Second Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof.
            (c)   After a date twelve months from the date of the
      the Third Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and
      no commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to,   or on
      the order of, the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Third Additional Financ-
      ing. At any time after such date the Association may,
      by notice to the Borrower cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      Third Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any part
      thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Agreement shall not become effective until
Page  7
evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have been furnished
to the Association that the execution and delivery of this Agreement
on behalf of the Borrower have been duly authorized or ratified by
all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Agreement, there shall be furnished to the
Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association
of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf of the
Borrower, that this Agreement has been duly authorized or ratified
by, and executed and delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is
legally binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Association shall dispatch to the
Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Agreement shall not have come into force
and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association establishes a
later date for the purposes of this Section. If this Agreement shall
terminate under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement, as amended to the date of this Agreement, shall
continue in full force and effect, as if this Agreement had not been
executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF MALAWI
                  By /s/ R. B. Mbaya
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
