Page  1
                             NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 2125 MAG
               Norwegian Grant Agreement
                 (Environment Project)
                        between
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of development
                 aid funds provided by
       the Royal Ministry of Foreign Affairs of
                 The Kingdom of Norway
                  Dated November 19, 1990
      NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2125 MAG
               NORWEGIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated November 19, 1990, between
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR (Madagascar) and
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as
Administrator (the Administrator) of the Grant (as
hereinafter defined) provided by the Royal Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of The Kingdom of Norway (Norway).
     WHEREAS Madagascar has requested the assistance of
the International Development Association (the
Association) and Norway in the financing of its
Environment Project (the Project) described in Schedule
2 to the Development Credit Agreement (Credit No. 2125
MAG), dated May 1, 1990, between the Democratic Republic
of Madagascar and the Association;
     WHEREAS the Association has extended a Credit for
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the
above-mentioned Development Credit Agreement, and Norway
has authorized the Administrator to extend to Madagascar
for the same purpose a grant out of Norway's development
aid funds (the Grant) to assist Madagascar on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     WHEREAS by an agreement, dated October 11, 1990,
between Norway and the Association (the Administration
Agreement), Norway has requested the Association, and the
Page  2
Association has accepted, to administer the Grant in
accordance with the provisions of that agreement;
     WHEREAS Madagascar acknowledges that the financial
assistance extended to Madagascar under this Agreement
shall be considered as part of the bilateral development
aid extended by Norway to Madagascar; and
     WHEREAS the Administrator has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Grant to
Madagascar in support of the Project, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement:
     (a)  the term "Association", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Grant pursuant
to the Administration Agreement, except in the provisions
"member(s) of the Association" occurring in Sections 2.01
(5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02 (e);
     (b)  the term "Borrower", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means Madagascar;
     (c)  the term "Development Credit Agreement",
whenever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grant extended to Madagascar under
this Agreement;
     (e)  the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the Trust Account opened by the
Administrator in its books in the name of Madagascar to
which the amount of the Norwegian Grant is credited;
     (f)  Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting
in its own capacity;
     (g)  Section 9.06 (c) the term "Closing Date" means
the closing date set forth in Section 2.03 of the
Development Credit Agreement; and
     (h)  Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and 12.05
are deleted.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Development Credit Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Development Credit Agreement" means the
agreement, dated May 1, 1990, between the Democratic
Republic of Madagascar and the Association for the
Project, as such agreement may be amended from time to
Page  3
time; and such term includes the "General Conditions
Applicable to Development Credit Agreements" of the
Association, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such
agreement, and all schedules and agreements supplemental
to the Development Credit Agreement;
     (b)  "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency
of Norway; and
     (c)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
     Section 1.03. In all Articles, Sections and
Schedules of the Development Credit Agreement explicitly
incorporated into this Agreement, the references to the
"Borrower", the "Association", the "Credit", and the
"Credit Account", and the "Special Account" shall be
deemed to be references to Madagascar, the Administrator,
the Grant, the Trust Account, and the Special Account
referred to in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
Madagascar, on the terms and conditions herein set forth
or referred to, a grant in an amount of twenty five
million Norwegian Kroner (NOK 25,000,000), or such other
amount as shall have been made available by Norway to the
Administrator for this purpose pursuant to the
Administration Agreement.
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the Trust Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or if the Administrator shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of
the services required for Part B of the Project.
     (b)  Madagascar shall cause its Central Bank, for
the purposes of Part B of the Project, to open and
maintain in Norwegian Kroner a special account in a
commercial bank in the name of the Central Bank on terms
and conditions satisfactory to the Association. Deposits
into, and payments out of the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to
this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1996, or such later date as the Administrator shall
establish. The Administrator shall promptly notify
Madagascar of such later date.
                      ARTICLE III
       Execution of the Project; Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. Article III and Article IV and Section
5.01 of the Development Credit Agreement and Schedules 2
and 3 thereto are hereby incorporated into this Agreement
with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth herein.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination;
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 4.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of this
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the
Page  4
General Conditions, namely, that the Development Credit
Agreement has entered into effect.
     Section 4.02. The date set forth in Section 6.02 of
the Development Credit Agreement is hereby specified for
the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
     Section 4.03. This Agreement and all obligations of
the parties thereunder shall terminate on the date,
following the final disbursement under this Agreement, on
which Madagascar shall have fulfilled all its obligations
under this Agreement.
     Section 4.04. In accordance with the Administration
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
Norway. Madagascar accepts and agrees that, upon notice
by the Administrator to Madagascar to that effect, Norway
shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such
notice, be substituted in all rights and obligations of
the Administrator under this Agreement as if Norway has
been an original party to this Agreement, without any
further action or formality required on the part of any
party, and from such date the Administrator shall cease
to have any rights or obligations as a party under this
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
        Representative of Madagascar; Addresses
     Section 5.01. The Minister of Madagascar responsible
for Finance is designated as representative of Madagascar
for the purpose of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For Madagascar:
          Ministere des Finances et
            du Budget
          Antananarivo
          Madagascar
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINFIN                224889
               Antananarivo
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS               197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
Page  5
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
               By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               as Administrator of development aid funds
               provided by The Kingdom of Norway
               By /s/ Edward V.K. Jaycox
                                Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Grant
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Grant, the
allocation of the amounts of the Grant to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                      Amount of the
                      Grant Allocated      % of
                      (Expressed in    Expenditures
   Category           NOK Equivalent) to be Financed
(1)    Operating        7,500,000       90%
   cost under
   Part A of the
   Project:
   operating costs
   of ANGAP
(2)    Part B of the
   Project:
   (a) mini-projects   10,000,000       100%
   (b) operating        3,500,000       80%
       costs
(3)    Studies under    4,000,000       100%
   Part F.1 of
   the Project
                       __________
       TOTAL           25,000,000
                       ==========
2.  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawal shall be made in respect of: (a) payments
made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement; (b) payments made or to be made, under
Category (1): (i) for expenditures incurred during the
twelve-months' period immediately following the Effective
Date; and (ii) unless ANGAP has been enabled to collect
directly  all park and reserve entrance fees (Part A of
the Project); and  (c) payments made, or to be made,
under Category (2), unless the Association has received
the first year program of mini-projects to be carried out
Page  6
under Part B of the Project.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                    Special Account
1.  For the purposes of this Schedule:
    (a) the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
    (b) the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for Part B of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Grant allocated from
time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
    (c) the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to 1 million Norwegian Kroner to be withdrawn
from the Trust Account and deposited into the Special
Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.  Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule.
3.  After the Administrator has received evidence
satisfactory to it that the Special Account has been duly
opened, withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and
subsequent withdrawals to replenish the Special Account
shall be made as follows:
    (a) For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation,
Madagascar shall furnish to the Administrator a request
or requests for a deposit or deposits which do not exceed
the aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation. On the
basis of such request or requests, the Administrator
shall, on behalf of Madagascar, withdraw from the Trust
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Madagascar shall have requested.
   (b) (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account,
             Madagascar shall furnish to the
             Administrator requests for deposits into
             the Special Account at such intervals as
             the Administrator shall specify.
        (ii) Prior to or at the time of each such
             request,  Madagascar shall furnish to the
             Administrator the documents and other
             evidence required pursuant to paragraph 4
             of this Schedule for the payment or
             payments in respect of which replenishment
             is requested. On the basis of each such
             request, the Administrator shall, on behalf
             of Madagascar, withdraw from the Trust
             Account and deposit into the Special
             Account such amount as Madagascar shall
             have requested and as shall have been shown
             by said documents and other evidence to
             have been made out of the Special Account
             for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Administrator
from the Trust Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as
shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4. For each payment made by Madagascar out of the
Page  7
Special Account, Madagascar shall, at such time as the
Administrator shall reasonably request, furnish to the
Administrator such documents and other evidence showing
that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Administrator shall not be required to make
further deposits into the Special Account:
   (a) if, at any time, the Administrator shall have
determined that all further withdrawals should be made by
Madagascar directly from the Trust Account in accordance
with the provisions of Article V of the General
Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
   (b) once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Grant
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of
any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Administrator pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General
Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Trust Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Grant allocated to
the eligible Cate-gories shall follow such procedures as
the Administrator shall specify by notice to Madagascar.
Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Administrator shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in
the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6. (a) If the Administrator shall have determined at any
time that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was
made for an expenditure or in an amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished to the Administrator,
Madagascar shall, promptly upon notice from the
Administrator: (A) provide such additional evidence as
the Administrator may request; or (B) deposit into the
Special Account (or, if the Administrator shall so
request, refund to the Administrator) an amount equal to
the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Administrator shall
otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Administrator
into the Special Account shall be made until  Madagascar
has provided such evidence or made such deposit or
refund, as the case may be.
   (b) If the Administrator shall have determined at any
time that any amount outstanding in the Special Account
will not be required to cover further payments for
eligible expenditures, Madagascar shall, promptly upon
notice from the Administrator, refund to the
Administrator such outstanding amount.
   (c) Madagascar may, upon notice to the Administrator,
refund to the Administrator all or any portion of the
funds on deposit in the Special Account.
   (d) Refunds to the Administrator made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be
credited to the Trust Account for subsequent withdrawal
or for cancellation in accordance with the relevant
provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
Page  8
