Page  1
            AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2125 MAG
                       Agreement
                          for
          the Administration of Certain Funds
              to be made available by the
           ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
               OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                in Conjunction with the
                  Environment Project
                        in the
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                Dated October 11, 1990
            AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2125 MAG
                       AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated October 11, 1990, between the ROYAL
MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
(Norway) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association) to provide for the administration, by
the Association, of certain funds to be made available by
Norway to the Democratic Republic of Madagascar
(Madagascar).
     WHEREAS: (A) the agreement, dated October 2, 1986,
between the Kingdom of Norway, the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Development, and the International
Development Association, provides the framework for
cofinancing of development projects by the parties
thereto;
     (B)  Norway wishes to make available to Madagascar
a grant not exceeding twenty-five million Norwegian
Kroner (NOK 25,000,000) (the Grant) to assist Madagascar
in financing part of the services required to carry out
the Environment Project (the Project) described in
Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement (Credit
No. 2125 MAG), dated May 1, 1990, between the Democratic
Republic of Madagascar and the Association (the
Development Credit Agreement);
     (C)  Norway wishes that the proceeds of the Grant
should be incremental to the Credit, extended for the
same purposes by the Association pursuant to the
Page  2
Development Credit Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to administer the Grant
upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
     Section 1.01. The Association, as Administrator on
behalf of Norway, shall enter into such agreement or
agreements with Madagascar, as it may deem appropriate
but consistent with the terms and conditions of the
Development Credit Agreement (excluding the debt service
provisions thereof) for the purpose of assisting in the
financing of the Project. Such agreements with Madagascar
shall, inter alia, provide that: (a) the proceeds of the
Grant may be withdrawn by Madagascar to finance part of
the reasonable costs of goods and consultants' services
required to carry out Parts A, B, and F.1 of the Project
referred to in Schedule 2 of the Development Credit
Agreement; and (b) the amounts to be withdrawn need not
be repaid and shall bear no interest or other charges. A
copy of each such agreement shall be furnished by the
Association to Norway.
     Section 1.02. The Association, as Administrator on
behalf of Norway, shall have the sole responsibility for
the supervision of the Project.
     Section 1.03. The administration and enforcement of
any provisions of any agreement entered into between
Madagascar and the Association for the purposes of this
Agreement shall be handled solely by the Association, and
the Association specifically reserves the right, at its
discretion and without notice to Norway, to exercise,
refrain from exercising or waive any rights under such
agreement or to modify any provision thereof, provided,
however, that, before suspending the right of Madagascar
to make withdrawals of funds under such agreement, the
Association shall inform Norway and afford Norway a
reasonable opportunity for consultation with the
Association.
     Section 1.04. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions under this
Agreement as it exercises with respect to the
administration and management of its own affairs and
shall have no further responsibility to Norway in respect
thereof.
                      ARTICLE II
     Section 2.01. (a) For the purpose of this Agreement,
Norway shall, subject to parliamentary appropriations,
deposit an amount of twenty five million Norwegian Kroner
(NOK 25,000,000) into the "T" account with Norges Bank in
the name of the Association (the T-Account). The grant
funds may be commingled with other trust fund assets
maintained in the T-account. The grant funds will be kept
separate and apart from the funds of the Association.
     (b)  Said amount shall be deposited in five
tranches, each such tranche to be deposited not later
than November 1 of each calendar year (CY) from CY 1990
through CY 1994 as follows:
          (i)  three million one hundred thousand
               Norwegian Kroner (NOK 3,100,000) in CY
               1990;
Page  3
          (ii) four million Norwegian Kroner (NOK
               4,000,000) in CY 1991;
          (iii)     six million three hundred thousand
                    Norwegian Kroner (NOK 6,300,000) in
                    CY 1992;
          (iv) six million six hundred thousand
               Norwegian Kroner (NOK 6,600,000) in CY
               1993; and
          (v)  five million Norwegian Kroner (NOK
               5,000,000) in CY 1994.
     (c)  It is understood that the amount of each such
tranche is based on the planned implementation schedule
for the Project and may, after consultations between
Norway and the Association, be adjusted to reflect actual
progress made in Project implementation.
     (d)  The funds in the T-Account shall be freely
exchangeable by the Association with other currencies as
may facilitate their administration.
     Section 2.02. The Association shall disburse from
the T-Account such amounts as from time to time shall be
needed to meet the reasonable costs of goods financed, or
to be financed, pursuant to Section 1.01 of this
Agreement. Such disbursement shall be effected on the
basis of withdrawal applications for eligible
expenditures submitted by Madagascar to the Association
in accordance with the Association's normal procedures
for withdrawal of proceeds of credits made by the
Association.
     Section 2.03. In order to assist in the defrayment
of the costs of administration and other expenses
incurred by the Association under this Agreement, the
Association may invest and reinvest the funds in the T-
account pending their disbursement to Madagascar, and may
retain for its own account, the income from any such
investment or reinvestment.
     Section 2.04. The recruitment of consultants and the
procurement of goods shall be in accordance with Schedule
5 of the Development Credit Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
     Section 3.01. (a) The Association shall: (i)
maintain separate records and accounts in respect of the
funds in the T-Account disbursed by the Association
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement; and (ii)
semiannually, promptly after the end of each calendar
year and after June 30, furnish to Norway a statement of
account on such records and accounts.
     (b)  Promptly after all funds made available under
this Agreement have been disbursed from the T-Account to
Madagascar, or upon termination of this Agreement, the
Association shall cause such records and accounts to be
audited and certified by the Association's external
auditors and shall furnish the report of such audit by
said auditors to Norway.
                      ARTICLE IV
     Section 4.01. Norway and the Association shall
consult from time to time at the request of each other on
all matters arising out of this Agreement.
Page  4
     Section 4.02. The Association shall keep Norway
informed of the progress of the Project. To that end, the
Association shall furnish to Norway all relevant
progress, performance and assessment reports relating to
the Project.
     Section 4.03. The Association shall info= Norway of
any forthcoming major missions and meetings in connection
with the Project and shall afford representatives of
Norway the opportunity to participate in such missions
and meetings.
     Section 4.04. The Association shall inform Norway of
any proposed significant modification to the Development
Credit Agreement and shall afford Norway a reasonable
opportunity to exchange views with the Association before
effecting any such modification.
                       ARTICLE V
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date first above written and, subject to the
provisions of this Article, shall continue in effect
until all funds made available under this Agreement have
been disbursed from the T-Account to Madagascar.
     Section 5.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of this Agreement can no longer
effectively or appropriately be carried out, this
Agreement may be terminated at the initiative of such
party on ninety (90) days notice in writing.
     Section 5.03. Upon termination of this Agreement,
unless the parties agree on another course of action, any
agreement or portion thereof entered into by the
Association, as Administrator on behalf of Norway, shall
be transferred to Norway, and any funds or other property
of Norway held hereunder by the Association shall be
returned to Norway, and the Association's administration
shall be considered terminated.
     Section 5.04. Promptly after all funds made
available under this Agreement have been disbursed from
the T-Account to Madagascar, or upon termination of this
Agreement, the Association shall furnish to Norway a
final report and a financial statement on the funds
disbursed by the Association from the T-Account pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement, together with the
auditors' report referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
     Section 6.01. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 6.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand, mail, telegram, cable or
telex to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other addresses as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice
or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For Norway:
          The Royal Ministry of Foreign Affairs
          P.O. Box 8114, Oslo Dep.
Page  5
          0032 Oslo 1
          Norway
          Cable address:           Telex:
               NOREG-N                  74256 NORED-N
               Oslo                     71004 NOREG-N
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address            Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned duly authorized
thereto,
have signed this Agreement.
               ROYAL MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
                    OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
               By /s/ Kjeld Vibe
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ F.J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
