Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2489 TA
                   Development Credit Agreement
                       (Sixth Power Project)
                              between
                    UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 26, 1993
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2489 TA
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 26, 1993, between UNITED REPUBLIC OF
TANZANIA (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the European
Investment Bank (EIB) a loan (the EIB Loan) in an amount equivalent
to $15,000,000 to assist in financing Part A of the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the EIB Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and EIB;
      (C)   the Borrower and the Overseas Development Administration
of the United Kingdom intend to enter into a Memorandum of
Understanding (the ODA Memorandum of Understanding) for the purpose
of making available to the Borrower goods and services with a value
equivalent to $3,200,000 (the ODA Grant) to assist in financing Part
Page  2
H of the Project on terms and conditions set forth in the ODA
Memorandum of Understanding;
      (D)   Parts A through H of the Project will be carried out by
the Tanzania Electric Supply Company Limited (TANESCO) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to TANESCO proceeds of the Credit as hereinafter
provided in this Agreement;
      (E)   Part J of the Project will be carried out by the
Zanzibar State Fuel and Power Corporation (ZSFPC) with the
Borrower's assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to ZSFPC through the Revolutionary Government of
Zanzibar (the Government of Zanzibar) proceeds of the Credit as
hereinafter provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and TANESCO;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                           ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to an exchange of letters dated November 8, 1990, and
December 7, 1990, between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "TANESCO Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and TANESCO pursuant to
Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes any schedules to the Tanesco
Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (d)   "ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to
be entered into between the Borrower, the Zanzibar Government and
pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes any schedules to
the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (e)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreements" means the TANESCO
Subsidiary Loan Agreement and the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
      (f)   "TANESCO" means the Tanzania Electric Supply Company
Limited, registered and operating under the laws of the Borrower;
      (g)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and TANESCO, of even date herewith, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all schedules and
agreements supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (h)   "MWEM" means the Borrower's Ministry of Water, Energy
and Minerals;
      (i)   "NUWA" means the National Urban Water Authority
Page  3
established and operating under the laws of the Borrower;
      (j)   "PIP" means the Productivity Improvement Program of
TANESCO;
      (k)   "ZSFPC" means the Zanzibar State Fuel and Power
Corporation established pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 12 of
1964 (the ZSFPC Decree);
      (l)   "PMU" means the Project Management Unit to be
established by TANESCO under the Project; and
      (m)   "Statement of Policy" means the statement of policy,
dated November 24, 1992, issued by TANESCO's Board of Directors and
endorsed by the Borrower, which provides a guide to TANESCO's
operations, reflecting sound management of its operations and
financial policies and a balanced approach to its development and
commercially oriented functions.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred and forty-four million two hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 144,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A through
H of the Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit
account in a commercial bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2000, or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
Page  4
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing August 15, 2003, and ending February 15, 2033. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on August 15,
2013, shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland is hereby specified for the purposes of
Section 4.02 of the General Conditions.
      Section 2.09. (a) TANESCO is designated as representative of
the Borrower in respect of Parts A through H of the Project for the
purposes of taking any action required or permitted to be taken
under the provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article
V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   ZSFPC is designated as representative of the Borrower in
respect of Part J of the Project for the purposes of taking any
action required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of
Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
Page  5
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Part I of the Project with due
                   diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                   appropriate administrative and financial
                   practices and shall provide, promptly as needed,
                   the funds, facilities, services and other
                   resources required for such Parts of the
                   Project;
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under this Development
                   Credit Agreement (A) shall cause TANESCO to
                   perform all its obligations set forth in the
                   Project Agreement, (B) shall take or cause to be
                   taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable TANESCO to
                   perform such obligations, and (C) shall not take
                   or permit to be taken any action which would
                   prevent or interfere with such performance; and
          (iii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under this Development
                   Credit Agreement (A) shall cause ZSFPC to
                   perform all its obligations set forth in the
                   ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement, (B) shall take
                   or cause to be taken all action necessary or
                   appropriate to enable ZSFPC to perform such
                   obligations, and (C) shall not take or permit to
                   be taken any action which would prevent or
                   interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit for
Parts A through H of the Project to TANESCO under a subsidiary loan
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and TANESCO, under
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association and which shall include an interest of at least 7.43%
per annum, with the principal to be repaid in 20 years including a
grace period of five years, and with TANESCO bearing the cost of
fluctuations in the currencies relent to it.
      (c)   The Borrower shall relend the proceeds of the Credit for
Part J of the Project to ZSFPC through the Zanzibar Government under
a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the Borrower,
the Zanzibar Government and ZSFPC under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Association and which shall include:
            (i)    interest payable by ZSFPC of at least 7.43% per
                   annum;
           (ii)    repayment by ZSFPC of principal in 20 years
                   including a grace period of five years;
          (iii)    the bearing by ZSFPC of the cost of fluctuations
                   in the currencies relent to it; and
           (iv)    provisions in the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan
                   Agreement requiring ZSFPC to carry out the
                   actions described in Schedule 5 to this
                   Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreements in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the
purposes of the Credit, and except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or
waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreements or any provision thereof.
     Section 3.02. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03 through 9.08 of the
Page  6
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of:
            (i)    Parts A through H of the Project shall be
                   carried out by TANESCO pursuant to Section 2.03
                   of the Project Agreement; and
           (ii)    Part J of the Project shall be carried out by
                   ZSFPC pursuant to paragraph 1 (iv) of Schedule 5
                   to this Agreement and the applicable provisions
                   of the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall: (i) make necessary
arrangements to separate TANESCO's in-house construction of
transmission and distribution lines; and (ii) by December 31, 1993,
offer such business to private investors.
      (b)   The Borrower shall: (i) by January 1, 1994, appoint
consultants to carry out a study of privatization options;
(ii) review the recommendations of the study taking into account the
Association's comments; (iii) agree with the Association a plan of
action; and (iv) promptly thereafter carry out the said plan of
action.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall on a quarterly basis
commencing September 30, 1993, pay TANESCO directly for the
electricity consumption of those consumers which for humanitarian
reasons cannot be disconnected.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall: (a) ensure that the tariff
agreement between TANESCO and ZSFPC is complied with by ZSFPC; and
(b) shall pay TANESCO for any shortfall caused by the non-payment by
ZSFPC.
      Section 3.06. (a) The Borrower shall, not later than June 30,
1994, carry out a joint review of the Project, with the Association
and TANESCO.
      (b)   Such review shall, inter alia, assess whether TANESCO
has: (i) increased and maintained its average tariff at the levels
referred to in Section 2.09 of the Project Agreement; (ii) reduced
its accounts receivable to about 75 days of sales revenues;
(iii) implemented the staffing proposals referred to in paragraph 6
of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement; (iv) offered its
construction business for sale to private investors; and
(v) developed a clearly defined strategy and a program for the
divestiture of its distribution systems.
      Section 3.07. (a) The Borrower shall, no later than June 30,
1996, carry out jointly with the Association and TANESCO a mid-term
review of the Project. The purposes of such review shall be: (i) to
conduct a comprehensive assessment of progress in the implementation
of the physical components of the Project; and (ii) to assess
whether TANESCO has taken necessary actions to meet its obligations
under the Project Agreement, particularly in the areas of corporate
autonomy, tariffs, collections and a competitive remuneration
package for TANESCO's employees.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall provide full financing and
reimburse TANESCO for the maintenance and administration costs of
any rural electrification project or any other investment it
requires TANESCO to undertake, maintain or administer which the
Borrower considers to be socially important but which is not
financially viable.
      Section 3.09. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts I and J of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
Page  7
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Part I of the Project of the departments
or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project
or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section including those
                   for the Special Account for each fiscal year
                   audited, in accordance with appropriate auditing
                   principles consistently applied, by independent
                   auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than six
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. (a) Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
            (i)    TANESCO or ZSFPC shall have failed to perform
Page  8
                   any of their obligations under the Project
                   Agreement or the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan
                   Agreement;
           (ii)    as a result of events which have occurred after
                   the date of this Development Credit Agreement,
                   an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
                   which shall make it improbable that TANESCO or
                   ZSFPC will be able to perform their obligations
                   under the Project Agreement or the ZSFPC
                   Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
           (iii)   the Electricity (Tanganyika Electric Supply
                   Company Limited) License, 1957 or the ZSFPC
                   Decree shall have been amended, suspended,
                   abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
                   materially and adversely the ability of TANESCO
                   or ZSFPC to perform any of their obligations
                   under the Project Agreement or the ZSFPC
                   Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
           (iv)    the Borrower or any other authority having
                   jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
                   dissolution or disestablishment of TANESCO or
                   ZSFPC or for the suspension of their operations;
            (v)    the Statement of Policy shall have been amended
                   or changed without the prior consent of the
                   Association; and
           (vi)    subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph
                   (A)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         (including the EIB Loan and the ODA Grant)
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
      (b)   Paragraph (a) (vi) of this Section shall not apply if
the Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association
that: (i) such suspension, cancellation, termination or prematuring
is not caused by the failure of the Borrower to perform any of its
obligations under such agreement; and (ii) adequate funds for the
Project are available to the Borrower from other sources on terms
and conditions consistent with the obligations of the Borrower under
this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) (i) and (v) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a
period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraph (a) (iii), (iv) and
(vi) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur, subject in the
case of the event specified in paragraph (a) (vi) to the proviso of
paragraph (b) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
Page  9
conditions to the effectiveness of this Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the TANESCO Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and TANESCO;
      (b)   TANESCO has appointed the project manager for the lower
Kihansi hydro-power scheme with qualifications and experience, and
under terms and conditions, satisfactory to the Association;
      (c)   TANESCO has established the project management unit
referred to in paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement
and appointed a Project Manager satisfactory to the Association;
      (d)   the Borrower has taken action satisfactory to the
Association to finalise all cofinancing arrangements required for
the Project;
      (e)   TANESCO's average tariff has been increased to US $0.09
per kWh; and
      (f)   TANESCO has completed the certification of the
outstanding bills due from the Borrower's agencies and the Borrower
has paid TANESCO for all such outstanding bills.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by TANESCO, and is legally binding upon TANESCO in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   that the TANESCO Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and TANESCO and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and TANESCO in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of the Borrower responsible for Finance is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 9111
            Dar es Salaam
            Tanzania
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   TREASURY                  41329
                   Dar es Salaam
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  10
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   UNITED REPUBLIC OF TANZANIA
                   By /s/ Charles Nyirabu
                                         Authorized Representative
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                   By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                          SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)   Civil Works                               100% of foreign
      (including                                 expenditures
      engineering):
      (a)  for Parts A        59,600,000
           and B of the
           Project
      (b)  for Part I of       4,320,000
           the Project
(2)   Electrical                                100% of foreign
      equipment:                                expenditures
      (a)  for Parts A        39,640,000
           through I
           of the
           Project
      (b)  for Part J of       1,182,000
           the Project
           (ZSFPC)
Page  11
(3)   Vehicles and             3,240,000        100% of foreign
      other equipment                           expenditures
(4)   Training                 1,000,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)   Consultants'                              100% of foreign
      services:                                 expenditures
      (a)  for Parts A         4,900,000
           through H of
           the Project
      (b)  for Part I of         500,000
           the Project
      (c)  for Part J of         360,000
           the Project
           (ZSFPC)
(6)   Refunding of               540,000        Amounts due
      Project                                   pursuant to
      Preparation                               Section 2.02 (c)
      Advance                                   of this Agreement
(7)   Unallocated             28,920,000
           TOTAL             144,200,000
                             ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditures" means expenditures in the currency of any country
other than that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement; and
      (b)   expenditures made under Categories (2) (b) and (5) (c)
until the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly executed and
ZSFPC has adjusted its tariffs in line with tariffs on the mainland.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) meet the growing
demand for electricity in a least-cost manner; (ii) assist the
Borrower and TANESCO in developing a sound least-cost power sector
development program, including the development of indigenous energy
sources such as natural gas; (iii) improve the supply and
reliability of electrical energy supply to consumers by reducing
outages and losses; (iv) upgrade TANESCO's institutional and
management capability; (v) improve skills of TANESCO staff; and
(vi) continue assistance in power pricing policy.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Lower Kihansi Hydroelectric Scheme
Page  12
1.    Construction of a dam of 22 meters above foundation level to
provide storage of about 900,000 cubic meters.
2.    Construction of a 2900 meter headrace tunnel.
3.    Construction of an underground powerhouse with an ultimate
capacity of 300 megawatts and an initial installation of three
turbines each developing 60 Megawatts.
4.    Construction of two 220 kilovolt transmission lines one from
Kihansi to Iringa, and the other from Kihansi to Kidatu.
Part B:     Distribution Works
1.    System development and reinforcement.
2.    Rehabilitation and strengthening of existing facilities.
3.    System expansion in the four main load centers.
Part C:     Rehabilitation of the Kidatu Hydroelectric Station
      Rehabilitation of the main generating equipment as well as the
control and auxiliary equipment.
Part D:Institutional Support
1.    Supervision of Project implementation, including construction
supervision.
2.    The establishment of a panel of experts to provide guidance
and advice on technical matters and construction.
3.    Strengthening TANESCO's institutional capability in the areas
of corporate planning, distribution planning, systems improvement,
management, personnel and training.
Part E:     Training
1.    Training of TANESCO staff at all levels especially in areas of
operation and maintenance, of generation, transmission and
distributions facilities, in financial and planning areas, and in
management and supervisory skills.
2.    Expansion of training facilities at Kidatu for additional
training for the operation and maintenance of the generating
stations.
Part F:     Management Information Systems
1.    Upgrading of TANESCO's accounting and customer service
systems, including acquisition of software, computers, meters,
service materials, and vehicles.
2.    Establishment of a new materials management system and a
personnel management system.
Part G:     Workshops
      Provision of workshop facilities in Dar es Salaam, in the
seven distribution zones, and at Mtera, Kidatu and Pangani.
Part H:     Studies
      The carrying out of the following studies: (i) a power sector
master plan study, (ii) revaluation of TANESCO's assets, (iii) a
tariff study, and (iv) feasibility studies for two potential hydro
sites.
Part I:MWEM
Page  13
1.    Strengthening of MWEM's Department of Energy to better plan
and guide the energy sector.
2.    Workover of the Mnazi Bay gasfield including construction of
a pipeline and power generation facilities involving possible
private sector participation.
3.    Provision of consultant services for the mobilization of
resources, including financing, for the development of the Songo
Songo gasfield.
4.    The carrying out of a privatization study.
Part J:     Institutional Support to ZSFPC
      Institutional support to ZSFPC including: (i) strengthening of
ZSFPC's billing and finance and revenue capabilities; and
(ii) provision to ZSFPC of meter and service line materials.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                          SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Civil works and goods for Parts I and J of the Project shall
be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines). For fixed price
contracts, the invitation to bid referred to in paragraph 2.13 of
the Guidelines shall provide that, when contract award is delayed
beyond the original bid validity period, the successful bidder's bid
price will be increased for each week of delay by two predisclosed
correction factors acceptable to the Association, one to be applied
to all foreign currency components and the other to the local
currency component of the bid price. Such an increase shall not be
taken into account in the bid evaluation.
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      With respect to all contracts, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contracts are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Part C:     Pre-shipment Inspection
      For the purposes of the pre-shipment inspection of goods
imported under the Project, no price verification shall be conducted
in respect of those goods to which Part A of this Section applies.
Section II.   Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
Page  14
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provision of the Consultants Guidelines requiring prior review
or approval by the Association of budgets, short lists, selection
procedures, letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and
contracts shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than
$100,000 equivalent each. However, this exception to such prior
review or approval shall not apply to the terms of reference for
such contracts nor to the employment of individuals, to single-
source hiring of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as
reasonably determined by the Association and to amendments of
contracts raising the contract value to $100,000 equivalent or
above.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (6) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A through H of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $1,500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
Page  15
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Parts A through H of theProject, less the 
amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to Parts A through H of the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Parts A through H of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request, or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraph 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Page  16
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 5
     Actions referred to in Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement
1. The provisions of the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall
require ZSFPC to:
            (i)   commit itself to the objectives of the Project as
                  set forth in Schedule 2 to this Development
                  Credit Agreement;
           (ii)   carry out Part J of the Project with due
                  diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
                  appropriate administrative, financial,
                  engineering and power supply practices;
          (iii)   provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
                  needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
                  resources required for Part J of the Project;
           (iv)   until the recommendations of the tariff study
                  under Part H of the Project are implemented,
                  annually adjust its average tariff by 3.5% in
                  United States dollar terms to offset the
                  estimated international inflation;
            (v)   carry out the obligations set forth in Sections
                  9.03 through 9.08 of the General Conditions
                  (relating to insurance, use of goods and
                  services, plans and schedules, records and
                  reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
                  respectively) in respect of the ZSFPC  Subsidiary
                  Loan Agreement and Part J of the Project;
           (vi)   duly perform all its obligations under the ZSFPC
                  Subsidiary Loan Agreement and, except as the
                  Association shall otherwise agree, refrain from
                  taking  or concurring in any action which would
                  have the effect of amending, abrogating,
                  assigning or waiving the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan
                  Agreement or any provision thereof;
          (vii)   exchange views with the Association, at the
                  Association's request, with regard to the
                  progress of Part J of the Project, the
                  performance of its obligations under the ZSFPC
                  Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
                  relating to the purposes of the Credit; and
         (viii)   inform the Association promptly of any condition
                  which interferes or threatens to interfere with
                  the progress of Part J of the Project, the
                  accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit, or
                  the performance by ZSFPC of its obligations under
                  the ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
2.    The ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall provide that except
as the Association shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods,
works and consultants' services required for Part J of the Project
and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Project shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project Agreement.
3.    The ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall further require
ZSFPC to:
            (i)   carry on its operations and conduct its affairs
                  in accordance with sound administrative,
                  financial and power supply practices under the
Page  17
                  supervision of qualified and experienced
                  management assisted by competent staff in
                  adequate numbers;
           (ii)   to operate and maintain at all times its plant,
                  machinery, equipment and other property, and from
                  time to time, promptly as needed, make all
                  necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
                  accordance with sound engineering, financial and
                  power supply practices; and
          (iii)   to take out and maintain with responsible
                  insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to
                  the Association for insurance against such risks
                  and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
                  appropriate practice.
4.   The ZSFPC Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall also require ZSFPC
to:
            (i)   maintain records and accounts adequate to reflect
                  in accordance with sound accounting practices its
                  operations and financial condition;
           (ii)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
          (iii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year (A) certified copies of
                  its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited, and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
           (iv)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
