Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2353 UNI
                (Environmental Management Project)
                              between
                    FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated May 11, 1992
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2353 UNI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 11, 1992, between the FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF
NIGERIA (the Borrower) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the European
Economic Community (EEC) a grant (the EEC Grant) in an amount
equivalent to $1,000,000 to assist in financing Part A (1) (d) of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the EEC Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the EEC and the
Borrower;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Government of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain (the U.K.) through the Overseas
Page  2
Development Administration of the U.K. a grant (the U.K. Grant) in
an amount equivalent to $3,000,000 to assist in financing Part C (i)
(B) of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an
agreement (the U.K. Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the
U.K. and the Borrower;
      (D)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the United Nations
Development Fund Programme (UNDP) a grant (the UNDP Grant) in an
amount equivalent to $3,000,000 to assist in financing Part A of the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
UNDP Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the UNDP and the
Borrower;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to obtain from the Montreal
Protocol Interim Fund a grant (the Montreal Protocol Grant) in an
amount equivalent to $200,000 to assist in financing Part A (1) (d)
of the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the Montreal Protocol Agreement) to be entered into between the
Montreal Protocol Interim Fund and the Borrower; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Executing Agencies" means FMFED, FEPA, NRCC,
EFO, FMBP, FMANR and FMWR;
      (b)   "sectoral agencies" means the relevant departments of
FMANR and FMWR;
      (c)   "FMFED" means the Federal Ministry of Finance and
Economic Development of the Borrower;
      (d)   "FEPA" means the Federal Environmental Protection Agency
established and operating under the Federal Environmental Protection
Agency Decree, 1988 of the Borrower;
      (e)   "NRCC" means the Natural Resources Conservation Council
established and operating under the Natural Resources and Conserva-
tion Council Decree, 1989 of the Borrower;
      (f)   "EFO" means the Ecological Fund Office of the Borrower
established in 1982;
      (g)   "FMBP" means the Federal Ministry of Budget and Planning
of the Borrower;
      (h)   "FMANR" means the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and
Natural Resources of the Borrower;
      (i)   "FMWR" means the Federal Ministry of Water Resources of
the Borrower;
      (j)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
Page  3
      (k)   "Project Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (l)   "Project Period" means the period between the date of
effectiveness of this Agreement and the Closing Date.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to eighteen million eight hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 18,800,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in a
commercial or merchant bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to
the Association, including appropriate protection against set-off,
seizure or attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the
Special Account shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be March 31, 1996, or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without restric-
tions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the Borrower;
and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for the
purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such other
eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1, commencing
May 1, 2002 and ending November 1, 2026. Each installment to and
Page  4
including the installment payable on November 1, 2011, shall be one
and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two and one-half percent (2-1/2%) of
such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due considera-
tion by them of the development of the Borrower's economy, modify
the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a) above by
requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each such
installment not yet due until the principal amount of the Credit
shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out the Project through the
Project Executing Agencies with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial and environ-
mental practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be maintained in
a commercial bank or banks in Nigeria a Project Account (the Project
Account) for each one of the following Project Executing Agencies,
namely, FEPA, NRCC, FMANR and FMWR on terms and conditions satisfac-
tory to the Association. Withdrawals by any such Project Executing
Agency from a Project Account shall be made exclusively for purposes
of the Project.
      (c)   Without limitation or restriction upon the Borrower's
obligations under paragraph (a) of this Section, the Borrower shall:
(i) provide in its budget amounts sufficient to cover the Borrower's
counterpart contributions to the costs of the Project; and (ii)
deposit into each of the Project Accounts in each fiscal quarter of
the Borrower (beginning with the first full fiscal quarter falling
within the Project Period), 25% of the counterpart contributions
required for expenditures under the Project for the current fiscal
year, as specified in the estimate delivered by the respective
Project Executing Agencies under paragraph (d) of this Section. The
Borrower and the Association presently estimate the said counterpart
contributions to amount in 1991 prices to about $5,700,000
equivalent over the Project Period.
      (d)   For the purposes of estimating the Borrower's counter-
part contributions under paragraph (b) of this Section, the Borrower
shall cause each of the Project Executing Agencies to prepare and
Page  5
furnish to the Association, for its review, by August 31 of each
fiscal year, a detailed statement of expenditures proposed under the
Project for the following fiscal year.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Borrower shall through FMFED: (i)
appoint a suitably qualified and competent member of FMFED's staff;
or (ii) employ a consultant in accordance with the provisions of
Section II of Schedule 3 to this Agreement, to serve as Project
Officer under the Project. The said Project Officer shall: (A) serve
as liaison between the Project Executing Agencies and the Associa-
tion with respect to Project procurement and accounting procedures,
and (B) be assisted in his duties by a qualified and competent
Procurement Specialist satisfactory to the Association who will, as
necessary, conduct procurement seminars to familiarize staff of the
Project Executing Agencies with (1) the relevant Project procurement
guidelines and provisions, and (2) the preparation of the necessary
tender documents and contracts.
      (b)   The Borrower shall through FMFED: (i) appoint a suitably
qualified and competent member of FMFED's staff; or (ii) employ a
consultant in accordance with Section II of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement, to serve as an Accounting Officer under the Project. The
said Accounting Officer shall be responsible for obtaining the
Project Accounts from each of the Project Executing Agencies for
dispatch to the Association and for arranging for the timely
auditing of the Project Accounts.
      (c)   The Borrower shall cause FEPA to employ a qualified and
competent procurement officer to assist FEPA in the carrying out of
its procurement responsibilities under the Project.
      (d)   The Borrower shall establish a committee to allocate to
the respective sector ministries or agencies funds to be used by
such ministries and agencies to carry out studies under Part C of
the Project. The said committee shall consist of representatives of
FMFED (chairman), FMBP, FEPA and NRCC. FEPA shall act as the
secretariat for the Committee.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall establish within FEPA in
a form and with functions and staffing satisfactory to the Associa-
tion a Data Collection and Information Management Unit to be headed
by a manager with qualifications and experience satisfactory to the
Association. The said Unit shall be the central node of the
Environmental Information and Monitoring Network and shall have
three sections responsible for (A) computing and data base, (B) data
acquisition, preparation and production, and (C) users services.
      (b)   The Borrower shall establish a technical committee
consisting of: (i) senior representatives of each of the sectoral
agencies with established data nodes or agencies for which such
nodes are to be established in the future, and (ii) technical
members from universities and research institutions co-opted to
advise the technical committee. The said committee shall: (A) assist
the exchange of environmental data through the network by ensuring
that the different nodes of the line agencies are effectively
coordinated with the central nodes at FEPA and NRCC, (B) advise on
areas of environmental risk including the methods, nodes and formats
for data collection on those areas, and (C) advise on the format and
frequency of environmental information documentation to be made
available to the relevant agencies and to the general public.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods and consultants' services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall each quarter furnish to the
Association status reports on the progress of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
Page  6
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account and the Project Accounts for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six  months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the Associ-
                  ation has received the audit for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are includ-
                  ed in the annual audit referred to in paragraph
                  (b) of this Section and that the report of such
                  audit contains a separate opinion by said audi-
                  tors as to whether the statements of expenditure
                  submitted during such fiscal year, together with
                  the procedures and internal controls involved in
                  their preparation, can be relied upon to support
                  the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. (a) Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that subject to paragraph (b) of this Section:
            (i)   the right of the Borrower to withdraw the pro-
                  ceeds of any grant or loan made to the Borrower
                  for the financing of the Project (including the
                  EEC Grant, the U.K. Grant, the UNDP Grant and the
                  Montreal Protocol Grant) shall have been suspend-
                  ed, cancelled or terminated in whole or in part,
Page  7
                  pursuant to the terms of the agreement providing
                  therefor; or
           (ii)   any such loan shall have become due and payable
                  prior to the agreed maturity thereof.
      (b)   Paragraph (a) of this Section shall not apply if the
Borrower establishes to the satisfaction of the Association that:
            (i)   such suspension, cancellation, termination or
                  prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                  Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                  such agreement; and
           (ii)   adequate funds for the Project are available to
                  the Borrower from other sources on terms and
                  conditions consistent with the obligations of the
                  Borrower under this Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely, the
event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement
shall occur, subject to the proviso of paragraph (b) of that
Section.
                             ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Project Officer and the Procurement Specialist have
been appointed in FMFED in accordance with Section 3.02 (a) of this
Agreement;
      (b)   a procurement officer has been appointed in FEPA in
accordance with Section 3.02 (c) of this Agreement;
      (c)   a Data Collection and Information Management Unit has
been established within FEPA and its manager appointed in accordance
with Section 3.03 (a) of this Agreement; and
      (d)   a Project Account has been opened for FEPA in accordance
with Section 3.01 (b) of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Honourable Minister of Finance and Economic
Development of the Borrower is designated as representative of the
Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Condi-
tions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Honourable Minister
            Federal Ministry of Finance
              and Economic Development
            P.M.B. 12591
            Federal Secretariat
            Ikoyi, Lagos
            Nigeria
Page  8
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  FEDMINFIN                 21248
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
                  By /s/ Zubair M. Kazaure
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Edwin R. Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Goods, equipment                           100% of foreign
     and vehicles:                              expenditures and
                                                85% of local
     (a) FMFED                    75,000        expenditures
     (b) FEPA                  6,830,000
     (c) NRCC                    290,000
     (d) EFO                      40,000
     (e) FMBP                     75,000
     (f) FMANR (Forestry         640,000
         Department)
Page  9
     (g) FMANR (Land             655,000
         Resources
         Department)
     (h) FMWR                    385,000
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(2)   Aerial Surveys                            100%
      and mapping:
      (a)  FMANR (Forestry     1,350,000
           Department)
      (b)  FMANR (Land         1,050,000
           Resources
           Department)
(3)   Studies:                                  100%
      (a)  FEPA                2,620,000
      (b)  NRCC                  380,000
      (c)  FMBP                  500,000
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4)   Consultants'                              100%
      services and
      overseas training:
      (a)  FMFED                 270,000
      (b)  FEPA                  760,000
      (c)  NRCC                  370,000
      (d)  FMANR                 220,000
           (Forestry
           Department)
      (e)  FMANR                 285,000
           (Land
           Resources
           Department)
      (f)  FMWR                   75,000
      (g)  EFO                    40,000
      (h)  FMBP                   30,000
(5)   Incremental                               100% of foreign
      operating costs:                          expenditures
      (a)  FEPA                  115,000
      (b)  NRCC                   45,000
      (c)  FMANR                  60,000
           (Forestry
           Department)
                             Amount of the
Page  10
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
      (d)  FMANR (Land            40,000
           Resources
           Department)
(6)   Unallocated              1,600,000
                            ____________
           TOTAL              18,800,000
                            ============
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)    the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for expendi-
tures prior to the date of this Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to assist in: (i) the
creation in Nigeria of an effective environmental program at the
Federal and State levels; (ii) the integration of environmental
activities on an inter-sectoral and inter-regional basis; (iii) the
strengthening of (A) the Borrower's environmental organizations, and
(B) the capability of such organizations to carry out their
environmental programs; and (iv) the establishment of a data
collection program which will be of use in (A) measuring levels of
environmental degradation, and (B) creating an awareness in Nigeria
of environmental trends over time.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Strengthening
(1)   The Federal Environmental Protection Agency (FEPA)
     (a) Training of FEPA and State environmental personnel in
environmental management, technologies, monitoring and enforcement
including short overseas training courses designed to equip trainers
to conduct in-country training.
     (b)  Provision to FEPA of equipment and facilities including
communication facilities, computers, copying machines and vehicles
and environmental texts, periodicals and reports.
     (c)  Establishment by FEPA of two zonal laboratories and the
improvement of the existing laboratory at Surulere including
provision to FEPA of office and other equipment for operating the
laboratory facilities.
     (d)  Studies to be carried out by competent and experienced
parties under agreements satisfactory to the Association to be
entered into by FEPA and the parties, being studies designed to
identify the impact of key environmental problems in the establish-
ment of environmental standards and in the definition of investment
project needs including: (i) studies of industrial pollution,
Page  11
hazardous chemical, tracking system, waste management practices,
coastal zone and marine environmental conditions (including the
environmental impact of the petroleum industry); (ii) a legislative
review of environmental laws and regulations; and (iii) the design
by experts from the Federal Ministry of Education, National
Conservation Foundation and other expert sources (including
appropriate Non-Governmental Organizations) of a program of public
environmental education and awareness.
     (e)  Organization and administration by FEPA of a program
designed to strengthen the effectiveness of all the States'
environmental agencies and the Federal Capital Territory including:
(i) the preparation and publication by FEPA of generic guidelines
for the formulation of State Environmental Action Programs (EAPs);
(ii) provision of communications equipment and vehicles to link the
State environmental agencies to FEPA and the Federal ministries
engaged in environmental activities; (iii) provision by FEPA of
consulting services to assist State environmental agencies in the
preparation of their EAPs; and (iv) provision by FEPA to State
environmental agencies of laboratory equipment for monitoring
pesticide residue and water purity after the completion of the EAPs.
(2)  Natural Resources Conservation Council (NRCC)
     (a)  Assisting NRCC: (i) to formulate a National Conservation
Policy for coordinated management and utilization of Nigeria's
renewable natural resources and a plan for carrying out the National
Conservation Policy; and (ii) to establish a data management
facility linked to the Data Management and Information Unit to be
set up at FEPA.
     (b)  Provision to NRCC of office equipment, vehicles and
training.
(3)  Ecological Fund
     Establishment of operating procedures and monitoring systems
for the management of the Borrower's Ecological Fund including the
provision of consulting services, vehicles, office equipment and
training for the staff of the Ecological Fund Office.
(4)  Federal Ministry of Budget and Planning (FMBP)
     Establishment in FMBP of an Environmental Unit equipped and
trained to: (i) carry out environmental screening of projects
submitted to the Unit by the line agencies; (ii) integrate environ-
mental concerns in the Borrower's Public Investment Program; (iii)
provide guidance to the sectoral planning agencies at the Federal
and State levels; and (iv) assist in the formulation of environ-
mental policy including the development of environmental incentive
structures and an analysis of the environmental impact of current
macro-economic policies and appropriate alternatives.
(5)  Federal Ministry of Finance and Economic Development (FMFED)
     Building the capacity of the Multilateral Institutions
Department of FMFED to take into account environmental considera-
tions in the administration of foreign lending programs; and
assisting FMFED through the Multilateral Institutions Department of
FMFED to carry out its responsibilities under the Project including
short overseas training courses for its staff and provision of
office equipment and of consultant services necessary to establish
procurement and accounting procedures which FMFED will require to
carry out its said responsibilities including monitoring of project
implementation.
Part B:   Environmental Information Management and Monitoring
          Network
     Establishment of a National Environmental Information Manage-
ment and Monitoring Network embracing several information intercon-
necting centers (nodes) at sectoral agencies and central nodes at
Page  12
FEPA and NRCC, the node at FEPA being the main central node where
all data on the environment will be received and the node at NRCC
being the node where information on natural resources conservation
from FEPA and the relevant sectoral agencies including FMWR, FMANR
(Land Resources Department) and FMANR (Forestry Department) will be
received.
Part C:   Feasibility Studies
     The carrying out by the appropriate sector ministries working
in close collaboration with FEPA of feasibility studies and
environmental impact analyses in different sectors of the economy,
as agreed with the Association, which will, inter alia, examine
available alternative technologies and define the most cost
effective solutions, including: (i) a study of (A) hazardous waste
disposal facilities (Lagos), (B) Lagos Lagoon Pollution Control,
and (C) industrial pollution control (phase II); and (ii) develop-
ment of an integrated program for the management of national parks
and other protected areas by NRCC, the Federal Ministry of Agricul-
ture and Natural Resources and the Nigeria Conservation Foundation.
                           *     *     *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1995.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with those set
forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under
IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985 (the
Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be grouped
into bid packages that would permit competitive bidding and
facilitate bulk purchase.
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured in Nigeria may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
     Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of $100,000
per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent
of $3,500,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis
of comparison of price quotations obtained from a list of at least
three suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Page  13
Association pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall not
apply to contracts on account of which the Association has autho-
rized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
3.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of paragraph
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.     Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfac-
tory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consul-
tants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing
Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1) (b),
(3) (a), 4 (b) and (5) (a) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $100,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.   After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
     (a)  For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for a deposit
or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  (i)     For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association  re-
Page  14
                  quests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
         (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                 Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                 documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                 paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                 payments in respect of which replenishment is
                 requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                 Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                 withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                 the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                 shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                 by said documents and other evidence to have been
                 paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                 expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule,
the Association shall not be required to make further deposits into
the Special Account:
     (a)  if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
     (b)  once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Association pursuant to
Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
     (b)  If the Association shall have determined at any time that
any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required
to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to the
Association such outstanding amount.
Page  15
     (c)  The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
     (d)  Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs 6
(a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
