Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2076 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3144 IN
                   Project Agreement
       (Punjab Irrigation and Drainage Project)
                         among
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
                    STATE OF PUNJAB
                Dated February 9, 1990
                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2076 IN
                                    LOAN NUMBER 3144 IN
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated February 9 1990, among
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association),
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and STATE OF PUNJAB acting by its Governor
(Punjab).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of
even date herewith between India, acting by its President
(the Borrower) and the Association, the Association has
agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to one hundred seventeen
million seven hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 117,700.000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that Punjab agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Association as are set forth in this
Agreement;
Page  2
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the borrower and the Bank, the Bank has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to fifteen million dollars
($15,000,000) on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that Punjab
agrees to undertake such obligations towards the Bank as
are set forth in this Agreement; and
     (C)  the proceeds of the Credit and the Loan
provided for under the Development Credit Agreement and
the Loan Agreement respectively, will be made available
by the Borrower to Punjab in accordance with the
Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental
assistance to the States of India; and
     WHEREAS Punjab, in consideration of the
Association's entering into the Development Credit
Agreement with the Borrower, and the Bank's entering into
the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to
undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01.  Unless the context other requires,
the several terms defined in the Development Credit
Agreement, the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so defined in
the Development Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement,
respectively) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a)  Punjab declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the development Credit Agreement, and, to this end,
shall carry out the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial and engineering practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the Provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the
Association, the Bank and Punjab shall otherwise agree,
Punjab shall carry out the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association and the Bank
shall otherwise agree, procurement of the goods, works
and consultants' services required for the Project and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2 03.  Punjab shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions applicable to the
Development Credit Agreement and in Sections 9 04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
applicable to the Loan Agreement (relating to insurance,
Page  3
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04.  (a) Punjab shall, at the request of
the Association and the Bank, exchange views with the
Association and the Bank with regard to the progress of
the Project, the performance of its obligations under
this Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Credit and of the Loan.
     (b)  Punjab shall promptly inform the Association
and the Bank of any condition which interferes or
threatens to interfere with the progress of the Project,
the accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit and of
the Loan, or the performance by Punjab of its obligations
under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) Punjab shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition in respect of the Project.
     (b)  Punjab shall:
          (i)  have the records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for the Project for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Association
               and the Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Association and the Bank
               as soon as available, but in any case not
               later than nine months after the end of
               each such year, (A) certified copies of
               such financial statements for such year
               as so audited and (B) the report of such
               audit by said auditors, of such scope and
               in such detail as the Association and the
               Bank shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Association and the
                    Bank such other information
                    concerning said records, accounts
                    and financial statements as well as
                    the audit thereof, as the
                    Association and the Bank shall from
                    to time reasonably request.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4 01.  This Agreement shall come into force
and effect on the date upon which both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement become effective.
     Section 4.02.  (a)  This Agreement and all
obligations of the Association, of the Bank and of Punjab
thereunder shall terminate on the earlier of the two
dates:
Page  4
          (i)  the date on which both the Development
               Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement
               have terminated; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement or both of said Agreements terminate in
accordance with their respective terms before the date
specified in paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the
Association or the Bank or both, as the case may be,
shall promptly notify Punjab of this event.
     Section 4.03.  All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions applicable to the Development Credit Agreement
or the Loan Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01.  Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request.  The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for Reconstruction
            and Development
               1818 H Street, N.W.
               Washington, D.C. 20433
               United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD                440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
          For Punjab:
               Financial Commissioner and Secretary
               Irrigation and Power, Punjab
               Chandigarh, India
Page  5
                                   Telex:
                                        395 208 CB PB IN
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of Punjab may be
taken or executed by a Secretary to the Government of
Punjab or such other person or persons as Punjab shall
designate in writing, and Punjab shall furnish to the
Association and the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of
each such person.
     Section 5.03. As long as the Bank has not given
notice to the contrary to Punjab and so long as the
Development Credit Agreement shall not have terminated
prior to the termination of the Loan Agreement:
     (a)  the obligations of Punjab to consult with, and
to furnish information, documents, plans, reports,
records and statements to, the Bank shall be satisfied to
the extent performance in respect of such obligations is
rendered to the Association;
     (b)  the obligations of the Bank to consult with,
and to furnish information to, Punjab shall be satisfied
to the extent such obligations are fulfilled by the
Association; and
     (c)  all actions taken (including the giving of
approvals or granting of waivers) by the Association
pursuant to the Development Credit Agreement shall be
deemed to be taken pursuant to both the Development
Credit Agreement and the Loan Agreement, and in the name
and on behalf of both the Association and the Bank.
     Section. 5.04.  This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                 AND DEVELOPMENT
               By  /s/ Russell J. Cheetham
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               STATE OF PUNJAB
               By  /s/ Anil Kumar
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
Page  6
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, goods manufactured
in India may be granted a margin of preference in
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions or
paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and paragraphs
1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Works shall be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of competitive bidding, advertised locally, in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
2.   Works for minor field channels under Part A of the
Project may be carried out by small unit price contracts
awarded on the basis of local competitive bidding in
accordance with procedures satisfactory to the
Association and the Bank.
3.   Works under Part E.l (ii) and E.2 of the Project and
works for the drilling of tubewells under Part H of the
Project may be carried out through force account,
provided that such works shall not in the aggregate
exceed 10% of the total cost of all civil works under the
Project.
4.   Goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$200,000 per contract, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $2,000,000 may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association and the Bank.
5.   Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $5,000 or
less, up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $1,000,000, may be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association and the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Association and the Bank of
Procurement
          Decision
1.   Review of invitation to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for civil works
estimated to cost more than the equivalent of $200,000,
and each contract for goods estimated to cost more than
the equivalent of $100,000, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
Page  7
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association and
the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be
furnished to the Association and the Bank prior to the
making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the pre-ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.  Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Association and the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 3 shall be furnished to the Association
and the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development
Credit Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraph
(b) shall not apply to contracts on account of which the
Association has authorized withdrawals from the Credit
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure.  Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (a) (ii) of the Development Credit Agreement.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of para-graph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist Punjab in carrying out Part J of
the Project, Punjab shall employ consultants whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satis-factory to the Association and
the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to
the Association and the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the world Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
                Implementation Program
1.   In carrying out Part G of the Project, Punjab shall:
     (a)  carry out socio-economic surveys of oustees
from the Kandi Low Dam submergence areas, as a basis for
determining their current circumstances and their
preferences for rehabilitation;
     (b)  carry out a program, acceptable to the
Association and the Bank, for the resettlement and
rehabilitation of such oustees, such program to provide,
as a minimum, that oustees will regain their previous
standard of livelihood;
     (c)  where oustees are left with uneconomic
agricultural holdings or no farm land (i) encourage the
beneficiaries of the proposed irrigation works to provide
land to such oustees at a fair market price, and (ii) by
December 31, 1992, review with the Association and the
Bank the above arrangements and, thereafter, adjust such
arrangements as necessary, taking into account the
comments of the Association and the Bank; and
     (d)  carry out the resettlement and rehabilitation
measures set forth in subparagraphs (b) and (c) above six
months prior to the impounding of each relevant dam.
Page  8
2.   In carrying out Part G of the Project, Punjab shall
maintain the existing levels of catchment stabilization.
3.   In carrying out Part G of the Project, Punjab shall
maintain the Dam Safety Review Panel with terms of
reference acceptable to the Association and the Bank.
4.   In carrying out civil works under the Project,
Punjab shall:
     (a)  carry out such civil works in accordance with
technical specifications acceptable to the Association
and the Bank; and
     (b)  compile annual reports of problems, if any,
related to technical standards and specifications and
remedies and actions taken as a result of inspections of
civil works by the Irrigation Department, such reports to
remain available to the Association and the Bank until
completion of the Project.
5.   Without limitation upon the provisions of Section
9.08 of the General Conditions, Punjab shall:
     (a) maintain all canals and facilities above the
irrigation outlets included in the Project, so as to
function at all times in accordance with the relevant
design specifications;
     (b) carry out a program of performance monitoring,
acceptable to the Association and the Bank, for
determining whether maintenance is adequate, such program
to include provision of required funds, facilities and
staff to the Irrigation Department; and
     (c) annually, commencing with its fiscal year 1991,
identify in its State budget the funds to be used for
such maintenance and the source of such funds.
