Report No. PID10829
Project Name             Peru-Rural Education and Teacher (@)
Development Project
Region                   Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                   Early Childhood Development; Primary
Education; Secondary Education
Project ID               PEPE55232
Borrower(s)              GOVERNMENT OF PERU
Implementing Agency
Address MINISTRY OF EDUCATION
Ministry of Education
Address: Calle Van de Velde 160,
Distrito de San Borja, Lima, Peru
Contact Person: Mr. Juan Abugattas
Tel: (51-1) 436-1457
Fax: (51-1) 436-0218
Email: jabugattas@minedu.gob.pe
Environment Category     C
Date PID Prepared        April 1, 2002
Auth Appr/Negs Date      March 27, 2002
Bank Approval Date       June 18, 2002
1. Country and Sector Background
Low Quality of Rural Primary EducationThirty-five percent of Peru's
population lives in rural areas, characterized by poverty, geographic
dispersion and inaccessibility, and cultural diversity. Ninety percent of
the rural population lives in clusters of less than 500 people; 60 percent
are poor (with 37 percent below the "food only" poverty line), and a third
speak one of Peru's 42 indigenous languages. Social indicators for these
populations are also much below those for urban populations: rural women
average only 3.7 years of education as compared to 8.3 for urban women and
the infant mortality rate is 58 in rural, compared with 32 urban, areas
(Ref. 1 and 2, See Annex 4).Although Peru has done an impressive job over
the last two decades in achieving universal access to primary schooling,
average schooling attainment and student learning are sharply lower in
rural areas than urban areas. While gross enrollment rates are similar
for rural areas, net enrollment rates in rural primary schools are 65 as
compared to 71 urban schools. A 1996 national learning assessment found
that only 38.5w of rural school children mastered at least 9 out of 14
basic competencies, compared with 63.5w of urban school children (3).
Underlying reasons for this disparity in school performance include:
grossly lower time on task (rural schools only function an estimated
200-250 hours per year, compared with the nationally mandated 900 hours);
inadequate learning materials; low teacher quality and motivation;
teachers' inability to deliver bilingual education to indigenous children
and lack of training in multigrade teaching more generally; poor
adaptation of the school to the local community and the agricultural
calendar; and deficient school supervision and support (4).Low effective
hours of instruction.   About 90t of rural primary schools are small
multigrade schools in isolated communities with harsh physical and



environmental conditions which make it difficult to attract well-prepared
teachers. Rural schools are generally the point of entry for new teachers
into the education system, suffer high turnover, and tend to remain with
the least effective teachers. Teacher housing is rudimentary, if it exists
at all, and teachers often leave their schools for distant towns on the
weekends, running the risk of not arriving back on time for class, or
having to leave before the end of the school week, because of extremely
limited transportation. At a minimum, teachers must travel to the
provincial capital once a month to pickup their paychecks and needed
supplies for the school, forcing them to leave classrooms unattended at
least several days a month. These factors, combined with student
absenteeism linked to climatic conditions and families' need for
children's labor all contribute to very low effective hours of instruction
in rural areas. Ill-adapted curriculum and teaching methods. Although
Peru has made strong efforts to ensure that the primary curriculum is
relevant to children in rural areas, teachers are not trained in
multi-grade teaching methods, and students lack the self-paced
instructional materials that are essential for effective learning in
multi-grade schools. The centralized teacher deployment system fails to
ensure that teachers can speak the local language and deliver bilingual
education in the early grades, another demonstrated strategy for improving
rural education quality. Drop out rates in rural areas are 11.4 percent,
far higher than 4.8 percent found in urban areas. An estimated 63 percent
of Quechua-speaking children, are over-aged, compared to 50 percent of all
children.   Deficient school supervision and support.    Communications and
access problems make contact between rural schools, intermediate education
offices, and the Ministry of Education sporadic to non-existent. In an
assessment carried out in 2001 rural schools reported less than one
supervision visit per year. In the past, two attempts to develop school
networks to address the above-mentioned problems have failed. However, a
more recent effort to establish school-to-school teacher networks (GFIAs)
for experience sharing and collective work on common pedagogical problems
appears to be having some positive results. Some innovative small-scale
programs have piloted alternative models for assuring better school
support and supervision in rural areas, notably the Ministry of
Education/Fe y Alegria partnership for school supervision in the
Quispicanchis Province. But no satisfactory approach has yet been
mainstreamed. Low pre-school and initial education coverage in rural
areas.   Exposure to pre-school can boost primary school readiness and
subsequent learning and attainment, especially among economically
disadvantaged and indigenous children, such as those found in rural Peru.
Despite the fact that 1 year of pre-school education is mandatory in Peru,
only 56% of rural 3-5 year olds have access to pre-schooling, compared
with 67% of urban children. Programs to promote early childhood
stimulation, or initial education, for 0-4 year olds, through non-formal
childcare and parent training, also have been demonstrated to be effective
in promoting early brain development and avoiding malnutrition, stunting,
and other problems among low-income and indigenous children, which can
help equalize their future school success and life chances. Although some
high quality NGO-run programs of this type exist in Peru, coverage is very
limited. The Government has not yet developed an overall strategy for
mainstreaming pre-school access in rural areas or supporting the delivery
of non-formal initial education programs to target populations.     Low
secondary school coverage in rural areas.    Secondary education in rural
areas faces major challenges of both coverage and quality. Net secondary
-2 -



enrollment rates are 28 percent in rural schools as compared to 57 percent
in urban schools. Because there are very few secondary schools in rural
areas, many families' only option is to send their children to urban
centers for schooling, which creates direct costs (lodging and travel) as
well as opportunity costs, from the loss of children's informal labor.
Girls, especially, suffer from this. However, Peru's extremely low
population density and poor roads and transportation in most rural areas
makes expansion of secondary schooling using traditional face-to-face
instructional models prohibitively expensive. Where secondary schools do
exist, quality is usually lower than in urban schools, for many of the
same reasons as observed at the primary level.Poor teacher quality and
motivation. The formal level of qualifications of Peru's teaching force
is relatively high: some 67.3% of teachers hold tertiary education
degrees. Pre-service teacher training in Peru is also a relatively long 5
year program. However, the average quality of Peru's teachers is
considered relatively low (compared with elsewhere in Latin America), for
four key reasons.Unregulated and low quality pre-service preparation.
There are no accreditation standards for Peru's 350 teacher training
institutes and the majority of them are generally acknowledged to be of
extremely low quality. Entry requirements are low, the curriculum is
highly theoretical, with little grounding in classroom practice (no
courses to prepare students are for multigrade teaching, for example) and
students have no systematic opportunities for internships in schools as
student teachers, which is an essential part of training in most OECD
countries. Only 7% of the faculty in teacher training institutes have any
graduate training and only 18% hold undergraduate-level degrees in any
content areas (mathematics, physics, history, language) besides
education.Low standards for entry into the profession. There are no
formal standards for teachers in Peru or systematic
certification/recertification processes. Recruitment examinations were
introduced in 1998, but these assess teachers' conceptual knowledge only
and not pedagogical ability, methodological skills, interpersonal and team
skills or community orientation. Since the 18,000 teacher training
graduates currently being produced annually are well in excess of the
Ministry's new hiring requirements (roughly 2,000 net new teachers per
year are needed), there exists considerable scope for the Ministry to
elevate teacher standards, by introducing new teacher certification and
recertification procedures. Low pay and incentives. The average teacher
salary in Peru is approximately 1.1 times GDP per capita, which is
relatively low for Latin America, even after adjustment for average hours
of work, which are lower for teachers than in other professions. The
salary scale is also quite compressed, with average pay in the highest
teacher category only 1.4 times that of the starting pay level, compared
with a good practice ratio of at least 5:1. There are no salary
adjustments or other incentives for teaching in rural areas or other
hardship posts, which results in a high share of schools in rural and
low-income urban areas operating with teacher shortages, even though the
system-wide student:teacher ratio is a relatively low 26:1 at the primary
level, which suggests that the overall quantity of teachers is adequate.
Poor teacher deployment and supervision. Teacher deployment is highly
centralized and, although some 30% of teachers have a mother tongue that
is not Spanish, there has been no policy to date of deploying teachers
geographically in line with their language skills, nor are there any
salary incentives for bilingual teaching. Teachers, especially in rural
areas, receive little or no performance evaluation or support. Visits from
- 3 -



the local USE are few and far between and career development plans and
in-service training opportunities are limited. De facto, teachers face
neither positive incentives for good performance nor the threat of
sanctions for poor performance. Inefficient administration and low
accountability for school performance. The central Ministry of Education
(MED) shares the responsibility for nationwide provision of educational
services (from preschool to tertiary non-university education) with 24
Regional Education Directorates (DRE), which vary considerably in terms of
geographic size, school system development, and student populations,
ranging from Lima, with over 2.1 million students, to Madre de Dios, with
less than 29,000 students. Each DRE is headed by a director (named by the
Director of the CTARs). Between the DREs and the school level are
sub-regional offices of two types 81 Educational Service Units (USEs),
which are administrative oversight offices with budgetary authority, and
187 Education Development Areas (ADEs), which are supposed to focus on
educational supervision and support, and which do not have budgetary
authority. There are three clear issues with the current system. First,
analysts concur in labeling the Ministry of Education as heavily
centralized and inefficient. Although a high-level commission is currently
tasked with developing a national decentralization plan by end-2002 that
will affect all sectors of Government, little is known about the possible
outlines of this reform at present. The current reality is that top-down
initiatives emanate regularly from MED with little concern for
prioritization, avoiding duplication, and the difficulties of
administering cascading requests for information or action at the
regional, sub-regional and school levels. At the Directorate level, there
is little autonomy and accountability for the performance of the schools
in their region. Data on school performance and student learning are not
organized and monitored at the DRE level, and DREs are neither rewarded
nor sanctioned for their progress in improving educational indicators over
time. Although some DREs are apparently more innovative and effective
than others (5) the Ministry appears to lack instruments for disseminating
effective approaches or intervening where failure is persistent.
Second, there are clear problems at the USE/ADE level, which is marked by
confusing geographic and functional demarcation of responsibilities,
inadequate staffing and equipment for their missions, and low value added
to schools. The Ministry recognizes that, particularly in rural settings,
the USEs and ADEs have generally been ineffective in reaching the schools,
and often characterized by a bureaucratic and punitive orientation,
rather than seeing themselves as a source of support. The third and most
important issue is that, system-wide, there is a lack of focus on the
school level. Peru is one of the few countries in Latin America that has
not yet put in place a standardized system of student assessment to track
learning outcomes. Although sample-based assessments were undertaken in
1996 and 1998, they were not standardized so as to permit comparison of
the results over time. A new assessment is being administered in November
2001, but again on a sample basis. As a consequence, schools receive no
regular information about how their student learning performance - or
other education indicators (graduation, repetition, dropout rates) --
compares to that of other schools serving similar student populations.
School development planning is not undertaken systematically, plans where
they exist are not resourced, and there are no instruments for holding
schools accountable for implementing improvements. Schools have no
budgetary autonomy, and cannot even undertake minor purchases or repairs.
Parents are invited to serve on parent-teacher bodies (APFAs), but these
- 4 -



have no formal role in school personnel or other decisions and many
operate only perfunctorily. In short, in contrast to the growing number
of Latin American countries which are strengthening budgetary and
decision-making, and accountability for results at the school level while
simultaneously strengthening key normative and assessment functions at the
Ministry (or system) level, the education system in Peru remains quite
centralized and the focus on school level results is weak. Government
Strategy:The Government of Peru has developed a strategy for the education
sector based on three strategic objectives (1): (a) achieve quality of
education for all, (b) strengthen public schools, ensuring autonomy,
democracy and quality of learning, and (c) drastically improve the quality
in the performance and working conditions of teachers. MOE has
prioritized the following areas for immediate action:Establish a new
social pact within the framework of the National Agreement on Education.
As a result of the National Consultation on Education, MOE has drafted a
proposed National Agreement on Education which is in the consultation
process. This Agreement calls for the creation of the National Education
Council with wide participation of civil society, including political
parties. In the medium term, this Agreement is expected to result in new
Education and Teachers Laws.A more democratic and accountable education
management system. This action calls for the reorganization of the MOE
regional offices in order to reduce bureaucracy, focus the system on the
pedagogical issues and making it accountable not only for management of
the budget but also for the overall performance.Expand and improve the
quality of the education services in priority areas. The targeted areas
include (i) expanding, strengthening and improving the quality of initial
(pre-school) education, including universal coverage of 5-year olds,
significant increase in coverage of 4-year olds and strengthening early
childhood development programs for younger children, (ii) strengthening
rural education and expanding intercultural bilingual education , (iii)
secondary education reform, (iv) including the use of information and
communication technologies in schools and to expand access to secondary
education in rural areas ("Plan Huascaran"), and (v) reconstruction of
schools in the areas affected by the July, 2001 earthquake in the south of
Peru.Launch the reform process of the teacher career, through
strengthening the dialogue with the teachers unions, redesigning the
career, implementing a continuous teacher training system, designing a new
salary policy and implementing a new accreditation system of teacher
training institutions.The above actions arise in large measure on the
results of the National Consultation on Education, which was carried out
during the first semester of 2001 with the objective of collecting inputs
from the public opinion on which to build a sustainable and long-lasting
agreement on education. A 24-member National Commission was created to
lead the process and over 300,000 individuals throughout the country
expressed their opinions, demands and expectations on six major topics:
tomorrow's skills, school learning, extra-school learning, school
management, education priorities and financing, and education information
and evaluation. Based on 25 regional and 99 institutional reports, the
National Education Commission wrote a Proposal for a National Agreement on
Education. The end-result ("Las Voces del PaUs") is a detailed,
well-organized and very illuminating document, divided into six sections
corresponding to the above-mentioned topics. There is massive agreement
on the skills needed for modernity, system decentralization, definition of
quality standards and indicators, school supervision and evaluation,
shared responsibility and vigilance, and transparency.
- 5 -



2. Objectives
The Project objectives would be to improve basic education access and
quality in rural areas, improve rural teacher quality and motivation, and
strengthen education management.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
The World Bank has extensive experience in supporting projects on rural
education, with strong multigrade, bilingual and intercultural
components. Also, the Bank has wide experience in decentralization
programs where local communities play an important role.     The experience
gained in Central America, Brazil and Colombia in these areas will be
instrumental in assisting MOE's efforts in developing quality education in
rural areas.The Bank has already been working with GOP extensively in the
early implementation of the proposed reforms. The project is tied to the
Programmatic Social Reform Loans (PSRL I and II) which is promoting the
development of the new teacher career structure and the piloting of rural
teacher pilot program, as well as the first steps toward decentralization
and community participation.
4. Description
a. Increasing access This component is thoroughly oriented toward
increasing access to education at preschool, initial and secondary levels
in selected rural areas. In association with the other two components it
will improve quality as well.       Initial and Preschool Education.The
sub-component will expand initial education to two rural children groups:
(a) non-formal home-centered education to approximately XXX
0-through-3-year old children, an increase of XX percent over the 2001
low-attention situation; and (b) formal preschool education to XX 4 and
5-year old children, an XX percent increase over the current attention
level. In the first, non-formal approach, children will be educated along
with their parents and siblings within a family and community framework.
Services will be delivered by trained community educators (animadoras)
through three main activities: (i) family cluster meetings: young children
with mothers, fathers, brothers/sisters, aunts, uncles, grandparents etc.;
(ii) house visits to follow up and support previous learning steps and
agreements, and foster new developments as fitting; and (iii) partnership
seeking with other social agents so as to maximize early childhood
developments (ECD) factors. All the activities have to do with either
starting or strengthening a family-centered ECD culture based on simply
organized and easily digestible elements of education, health, nutrition,
security, parenthood, love and togetherness, cognitive and psycho-social
development, play and recreation, family values, micro-environment
cleanliness and protection. Meeting places will be primary and secondary
schools, churches, health and other community centers. In-house
institutional support will derive from the Non-formal Initial Education
Program - PRONOEI and its cumulative experience with ECD, and from the
planned school networks (see c below). Expected results are: children's
balanced development, timely entry to formal schooling, readiness to
benefit from primary and further schooling, and overall (present and
future) parents' preparation to become better educators and community
members. Investments will be made in community educators training and
compensation, production and printing of family guides, production and
broadcasting of radio messages, improving existing PRONOEI centers, team
transportation, supervision, evaluation and follow-up activities.
For the formal initial education, the Project will: (i) expand coverage
- 6 -



wherever a justifiable number (15-20) of children exists in the
neighborhood of a primary school; and (ii) improve quality of existing and
selected preschool groups. Investment will be necessary to add new spaces
to some primary schools, and to finance the corresponding teacher
training, furniture, materials, and physical rehabilitation
activities.            Secondary EducationIn selected rural areas where the
traditional education system is made difficult for geographical remoteness
or harsh access, the Project will develop distance secondary education
programs through the application of cost-effective information and
communication technologies. Over the 2002-2011 period XXX students will be
included in the innovative strategy, or a XX percent coverage increase as
compared to the 2002 rates. The model under consideration will: (a) use
satellite-linked bi-directional channels to facilitate real-time
communication between the students and a tutor located at the emitting
station in approximately 200 schools (in the first phase); (b) engage a
local tutor in charge of fostering group interaction and individual
learning; and (c) provide specially designed instructional materials
(printed handbooks, videos, computer, CD-ROM) to further elucidate
curriculum elements and suit individual interests. The gradual expansion
of the program will depend on the positive assessment of a pilot
experience. The program will adopt the same set of competencies officially
established for this education level, aiming at promoting meaningful,
autonomous and long-lasting students', tutors' and community learning
processes and outcomes. Investments will be made to: (i) acquire new
information and communication hardware and software (on a complementary
basis to the investment already made by the GOP); (ii) train and support
local tutors; (iii) develop or purchase printed, audio and visual
materials; (iv) maintenance and operation of the system; and (iv)
evaluation of the pilot.      b. Improving QualityThis component goes
beyond access and is committed to enhancing quality education as a
condition for permanence at school and achievement in learning. Education
quality promotion will start by overhauling the teacher training system,
and will also include other tested quality factors such as curriculum
development, instructional materials, school-initiated projects,
evaluation mechanisms, and rehabilitated physical infrastructure as
follows:     Continuing Teacher Training SystemThe required quality will
hinge first and foremost upon teaching and learning quality. This
sub-component will seek to upgrade teachers' educational and academic
profile through four main activities: (a) the design and proposal of the
continuing training system for teachers and other key human resources
involved in the educational process; (b) the design and proposal of the
pre-service teacher training curriculum and institutional framework; (c) a
higher-level training of teacher trainers; and (d) rural education teacher
training.This sub-component will support: (i) the discussion, development
and proposal of the desired Continuing Teacher Training System as a
unified concept and operational and logistic framework. The purpose is to
counteract the damaging effects of the current theoretical and practical
disconnection between pre-service (formaci6n inicial) and in-service
(capacitaci6n) training efforts; (ii) the design of the curriculum and
institutional profile for the pre-service training. This is the first
definition expected after the establishment of the system umbrella
concept. There is enough room for innovation concerning this structural
and organizational setting, and participatory mechanisms will be set up to
produce the most adequate proposal; (iii) the specialized training of the
trainers currently teaching at the teacher training institutions. Their
- 7 -



participation in the program will depend on some institutional conditions,
including the accreditation status of the institution; and (iv) the
training of the rural teachers along the newly defined curricular and
institutional lines. Investments will be made to finance meetings,
consulting and materials needed to reach the desired proposals for the
continuing teacher training umbrella concept, and the pre-service
curriculum and institutional setting; design of the program and actual
training of XX trainers; and training of XX rural teachers.
Curriculum Adjustment and Instructional MaterialsThe cultural,
socioeconomic and physical specificity of the rural environment asks for a
flexible and adjustable institutional framework at school. This
sub-component responds to such needs by: (a) supporting the design of a
self-paced and culturally attuned primary education to replace the
rigidity of the current grades; and (b) the provision of teaching and
learning materials both in Spanish and the native languages for the use of
all children from initial to grade 11.        The omnipresent allegiance to
grade sequence at school has been one of the most often mentioned causes
for rural education inadequacy and failure. It shows a bureaucratic
discrimination against a young population characterized by poverty,
isolation, illness, and seasonal injunctions. This sub-component will:
(i) replace the year-defined grade system with wider and more flexible
learning cycles. Instead of chronological criteria and annual promotion,
what will prevail is learning achievement. Children can go and come as
needed to rejoin their achievement level or group, without being forced to
repeat an entire school year; and (ii) provision of instructional
materials in Spanish and the vernacular languages to support teaching and
learning activities. Investments will be made in consulting, printing and
dissemination of the cycle-based curriculum, and purchasing or developing
of instructional materials.         Education Innovation Projects Teaching
and learning success has been largely associated with local initiative and
empowerment. The expression of school and community identity and
uniqueness in the immensely diverse Peruvian society could well
counterbalance the all-embracing administrative trends. This sub-component
will enhance quality by financing Education Innovation Projects (PIEs)
initiated by schools and accredited teacher training institutes. Further
discussion is needed to spell out: (a) PIEs objectives; (b) participation
criteria and steps; (c) amount available for each project; (d) selection
procedures; (e) resource transfer strategy; and (f) evaluation and
closure. Investment will be made to finance 200 selected PIEs in three
years and their adequate management.            Quality and Performance
EvaluationThe operation of a reliable student assessment mechanism is an
indispensable part of any education reform strategy that focuses on the
school. Peru counts on technical capacity and has conducted (in 1996 and
1998) two sample-based national assessments, but these were not calibrated
so as to produce comparable results. Besides, census-based assessment are
fundamental, if the goal is to improve the consistency and reliability of
teachers' classroom assessment of student progress. This sub-component
will help the existing student performance evaluation team design and
implement: (a) a twofold evaluation system including sample-based
assessment complemented by census-based assessments, at least every 2
years; and (b) a useful and reliable mechanism for disseminating the
assessment results among schools and other key stakeholders. Investment is
needed to support consulting services, development of a regular testing
program (as opposed to one-shot test), test application and analysis,
timely result dissemination and related printing.
- 8 -



Rehabilitation of Physical Infrastructure This sub-component would include
investment on physical infrastructure, furniture and other equipment as
identified in the local network strategic plans.     Priority would be given
to schools with poorer infrastructure located in the poorer districts.
The responsible construction agents are still to be defined. However, it
is expected that responsibility will be at the local level. c.
Strengthening Education ManagementManagement becomes a key factor for the
success of equity and quality inputs. This component will develop or
support managerial mechanisms or instruments (school autonomy, school
networks, sub-central MOE offices, community participation), conduct
policy-oriented studies and finance project management as follows:
Institutional StrengtheningThis sub-component will focus on: (a)
increasing school autonomy by (i) implanting, training and monitoring the
school council in XX rural schools; and (ii) designing, disseminating,
implementing and monitoring the Institutional Development Plan - PDI in
XXX rural schools as a participatory planning, monitoring and evaluation
instrument; (b) implementing XXX rural school networks, training their
participants and evaluating their activities; (c) redefining and assisting
the sub-central offices in order to prepare them for the newly assigned
role of technical mediator between schools, networks and the overall
system; and (d) fostering community participation by: (i) developing the
concept of "education community" involving a variety of stakeholders (and
not only parents and teachers) interested in school processes and results;
(ii) incorporating the varied support deriving from community into school
councils and other meaningful school expressions and projects. Investments
will be made in material and handbook development and printing,
consulting, training, dissemination, equipment for sub-central offices,
and evaluation.     Policy-oriented Research Studies The definition of
several Project elements, especially within an Adjustable Program Loan -
APL framework, still depend on the results of carefully conducted studies.
At least eight studies (to be selected and designed) will be carried out
to pave the ground for policy or administrative purposes. Two studies have
been suggested as necessary: (a) One has to do with the structure and
development of teaching career. Its topics include recruitment, selection,
remuneration, incentives, promotion, and professional development; and (b)
a second one to prepare a proposal for implementation of new accreditation
standards for teacher training institutes designed to ensure higher-level
teacher competence.    Project ManagementProject management and more
explicitly the operation of the Project Coordination Unit - PCU will be
financed by the Project. A Project Implementation Handbook will be
designed and agreed upon to specify processes, outcomes, conditions, times
and deadlines ruling the entire implementation period.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
BORROWER $20.00
IBRD $30.00
IDA
Total Project Cost $150.00
6. Implementation
MOE will be primarily responsible for the execution of the project. At
the national level, the Vice-Ministry for Pedagogical Management will take
responsibility for implementation oversight. The Ministry's Project
Coordination Unit (PCU), formerly responsible for implementation of the
-9-



Primary Education Quality Project and currently responsible for the two
IDB Projects, will take responsibility for project implementation,
monitoring and evaluation. The PCU will continue to operate under the
current operational structure, that is, the PCU will carry out procurement
and financial management of Project funds upon the request of Ministry
Directorates and Regional offices under the yearly Project Implementation
Plan.At the regional and local levels (i) the Regional Offices of
Education (DREs) will be responsible for local implementation oversight
(ii) local schools and networks will be responsible for diagnosing needs,
preparing local strategic plans and implementation, and, (iii) NGOs and
training institutions under contract with MOE will take on the role of
training and providing external supervision of the project activities.
With respect to infrastructure, the final decision has not been made on
possible executing agencies. The following are being considered:
FONCODES (the Peruvian Social Investment Fund), local governments, and the
school networks. A final decision will be made during the pre-appraisal
mission.
7. Sustainability
Project objectives reflect GOP priorities and the National Consultation on
Education. The Government has committed itself to raising the share of
the education budget incrementally during the next five years.
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
In equity and quality terms, rural education has been the most defying
segment of the entire system. Some projects (EDURURAL in Northeast Brazil,
Colombia's Escuela Nueva, and El Salvador's EDUCO) have been exemplary on
how to address the specific needs of rural education in a diversity of
approaches. The Project will devote special attention to basic education
inclusion and quality issues in remote areas of the Peruvian Andes and the
Amazon.     Bilingual education has proven to be a cost-effective means to
reduce repetition rates, drop out and failures in indigenous populations,
as observed in a number of World Bank projects including in Mexico,
Guatemala and Bolivia. The current bilingual education program in Peru is
also showing positive results as shown in a recent evaluation. Teacher
training has been object of renewed and increasing interest as the most
important quality factor for school-based education improvement. Projects
like the Brazilian FUNDESCOLA and Parana, the Mexican PAREB and the
Uruguayan MECAEP emphasized teacher training in a way that proved to be
decisive. The proposed project will help design a carefully conceived
"continuous teacher training system" with immediate application to teacher
training in rural areas.    School autonomy has been the focus of
well-known and positive education reforms in Minas Gerais (Brazil), Chile,
El Salvador and Nicaragua as a meaningful strategy to boost local
ownership and community participation. The proposed project will support
school autonomy mainly by the development of the "education community"
concept, strengthening of the school councils and the development and
implementation of the school-centered Institutional Development Plan -
PDI.     The concept of school network as an instrument for micro-regional
school association and planning has been implemented in Ecuador and in
Ceara (Brazil) with the Regional Education Development Centers - CREDE. In
the project preparation period, Peruvian professionals benefited from
Ecuadorian assistance and visited the Ceara model. Both cases inspired the
design of the proposed school network structure, which seeks to promote
closer-to-school management and pedagogical initiatives in rural
- 10 -



areas.     Provision of secondary education through distance learning with
support from information and communications technology has been carried
out in a number of countries, including Mexico and Colombia. Results are
quite positive showing positive impacts both in coverage and quality that
is comparable or, sometimes, better than traditional secondary
education.The Peruvian MECEP Project was implemented by the Ministry under
PCU coordination. The Project PCU staff was only dedicated to the
administration of the Project funds. This project implementation system
ensures process ownership and sustainability. However, it also creates
lags in implementation mainly because there is great need for
intra-institutional coordination. The first lesson learned is that it is
better to sacrifice timeliness for ownership. Even though it would be more
practical and timely to have a separate group of people executing project
activities, it is best to involve the whole Ministry, keeping the
responsibility under the directorships. The proposed project would also be
implemented by the Ministry while intra-institutional coordination issues
would be addressed through the participating directorates. A small-size
and qualified PCU was able enough to manage, particularly for the last two
years, the Primary Education Quality Improvement Project - MECEP
(1996-2001) and carry it out to successful and timely completion. Among
other lessons learned, the continuity of committed staff was key to
successful implementation. The proposed project will maintain the same PCU
structure and most of the same--and now more skilled and equally
motivated--professionals. Loose inter-sector coordination in the Ministry
stemming from either the structural setting, frequent personnel changes in
the Ministry or partisan discrepancies posed a constant threat to adequate
and converging Project implementation. To offset the potentially
disintegrating situation, the Bank set out to invite all the participating
sectors to sit down around the broader Project objectives, and pay
frequent visits to a variety of counterparts including the newcomers. For
the upcoming project, MOE structure will not significantly change, but the
democratic process has renovated the organizational atmosphere and the
Bank meetings and visits to participating authorities are expected to
payoff as before. Frequent contact with other ongoing Peruvian projects in
the social areas helped place this education project in a broader
political and administrative framework, which has added synergy to
project-supported components. The Bank needs to pay more attention to
inter-institutional processes as part of project design and supervision.
The new project will benefit from the same interaction with other Bank or
otherwise social projects in the country.    The availability of a
well-conducted sector work means a source of information and a comparative
point for data validation. This role was superbly played by "Peruvian
Education at a Crossroads : Challenges and Opportunities for the 21st
Century" (Washington, DC: The World Bank, 2001) in the whole preparation
process.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues        The environmental impact of the project is expected
to be insignificant since only rehabilitation of schools will be
financed. MOE is not projecting any growth in primary schools and any
infrastructure for the preschool classrooms or secondary program would be
linked to existing schools.



11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Livia M. Benavides
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
Telephone:   (511) 215-0660
Fax:   (511) 421-7241
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending
April 5, 2002.
- 12 -



