Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3441 EGT
                     (Kureimat Power Project)
                              between
                      ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       Dated March 30, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3441 EGT
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 30, 1992, between ARAB REPUBLIC OF
EGYPT (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND
DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Egyptian Electricity Authority
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred twenty
million dollars ($220,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
Page  2
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications thereto set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in Section 1.02
of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein set
forth, and the sign "LE" means Egyptian pound in the currency of the
Guarantor.
                           ARTICLE II
                    Guarantee; Other Covenants
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the
Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal
of, and interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if
any, on the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of
all other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
      Section 2.03. The Guarantor shall take all necessary measures
(a) to convert an amount of about LE 1,138,000,000 of the Borrower's
debt to the National Investment Bank of the Guarantor into equity,
and (b) to enable the Borrower to comply with the requirements set
forth in Section 5.03 of the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Minister of State for International
Cooperation or the First Undersecretary for International Finance of
said Ministry of the Guarantor is designated as representative of
the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of International Cooperation
            8 Adly Street
            Cairo, Egypt
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINISTRY OF               927-23348
Page  3
                  INTERNATIONAL
                  COOPERATION
                  Cairo
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ARAB REPUBLIC OF EGYPT
                  By /s/ El Sayed Abdel Raouf El Reedy
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                     RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Caio Koch-Weser
                                           Regional Vice President
                                      Middle East and North Africa
