Page  1
                                        GUARANTEE NUMBER B-101 HU,
                                            (LOAN NUMBERS 3020 HU,
                                                       3032 HU and
                                                          3056 HU)
             (Third Industrial Restructuring Project)
                    (Second Transport Project)
            (Energy Development (Oil and Gas) Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                    STATE DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                    Dated as of August 31, 1990
                                      GUARANTEE NUMBER B-101 HU,
                                            (LOAN NUMBERS 3020 HU,
                                                       3032 HU and
                                                          3056 HU)
                 GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
      Agreement, dated as of August 31, 1990 between REPUBLIC OF
HUNGARY (hereinafter referred to as Hungary) and STATE DEVELOPMENT
INSTITUTE (hereinafter referred to as SDI) of the one part and
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (hereinafter
referred to as the Bank) of the other part.
      WHEREAS (A) pursuant to a Subscription Agreement (hereinafter
referred to as the Subscription Agreement), dated August 23, 1990,
among SDI, as Issuer, Hungary, as guarantor as to the payment of
interest and principal (hereinafter referred to as the Hungary
Guarantee), and Daiwa Europe Limited and the other entities named
therein as Managers (hereinafter referred to as the Managers), the
Managers have agreed to subscribe and pay for the 10 1/2% Guaranteed
Bonds due 2000 to be issued by SDI (hereinafter referred to as the
Bonds) in an aggregate amount of US$200,000,000 upon the terms and
conditions contained in the Subscription Agreement;
      (B)   the proceeds of the Bonds are to be used to assist in
financing the Projects referred to in Section 1.02 (a) of this
Agreement;
      (C)   at the request and with the agreement of Hungary and
Page  2
SDI, the Bank has agreed to guarantee the repayment at stated
maturity of the principal amount of the Bonds (hereinafter referred
to as the IBRD Guarantee Amount), on terms and conditions set forth
in a guarantee substantially in the form set forth in Clause 8 of
the Trust Deed referred to in the Subscription Agreement
(hereinafter referred to as the IBRD Guarantee); and
      (D)   in consideration of the Bank's agreeing to provide the
IBRD Guarantee, Hungary and SDI have agreed to undertake the
obligations towards the Bank as hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. Sections 8.01, 9.01, 9.02, 9.03, 10.01, 10.02,
10.03, 10.04, 11.01, 11.02, 11.03 and 11.04 of the General
Conditions Applicable to the Loan and Guarantee Agreements of the
Bank, dated January 1, 1985, are hereby incorporated and constitute
an integral part of this Agreement, and the several terms defined in
said General Conditions have the respective meanings assigned to
them therein, provided, however, and except as the context may
otherwise require, that references in said Sections to the
"Borrower" and the "Guarantor" shall be deemed to be made to "SDI"
and "Hungary", respectively, references to the "Loan Agreement" and
"Guarantee Agreement" shall be deemed to be made to "this
Agreement", and references in said Sections to the "Loan" and the
"Project" shall be deemed to be made to the "IBRD Guarantee" and the
"Projects", as the case may be.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless
otherwise defined below or unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "the Projects" means Parts A and C of the Third
Industrial Restructuring Project (Loan No. 3020 HU), Part A of the
Second Transport Project (Loan No. 3032 HU), and Part B of the
Energy Development (Oil and Gas) Project (Loan No. 3056 HU) being
carried out pursuant to, respectively, the Loan Agreement, dated
February 24, 1989, between the Bank and the National Bank of
Hungary, the Loan Agreement, dated July 10, 1989, between Hungary
and the Bank and the Loan Agreement, dated May 30, 1989, between the
Bank and the National Oil and Gas Trust;
      (b)   "General Conditions" means the General Conditions
Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements of the Bank, dated
January 1, 1985;
      (c)   "Forints" means the currency of Hungary;
      (d)   "OKGT" means the National Oil and Gas Trust established
under Resolution No. Ig 783/1986, dated May 12, 1986, of Hungary's
Minister of Industry;
      (e)   "NBH" means National Bank of Hungary operating under Law
Decree No. 36 of 1967, of Hungary's Presidential Council;
      (f)   "Participating Banks" means the banking institutions
with which NBH shall have entered into subsidiary financing
agreements for the purposes of carrying out Part A of the Third
Industrial Restructuring Project;
      (g)   "Agency Arrangements" means the arrangements to be
maintained, in a manner satisfactory to the Bank, between SDI and
NBH pursuant to which NBH shall act the agent of SDI in making
payments out of the accounts referred to in Sections 3.02 and 3.03
of this Agreement;
Page  3
      (h)   "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in the
Subscription Agreement;
      (i)   "Trustee" has the meaning set forth in the Subscription
Agreement;
      (j)   "Trust Deed" has the meaning set forth in the
Subscription Agreement;
      (k)   "local expenditures" means expenditures in Forints; and
      (l)   "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in a currency
other than Forints for goods or services supplied from the territory
of any country other than Hungary eligible under the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985.
                            ARTICLE II
                      Guarantee and Indemnity
      Section 2.01. (a) Without limitation or restriction upon any
of its respective obligations under this Agreement: (i) SDI hereby
agrees to reimburse the Bank forthwith on demand or as the Bank may
otherwise direct any amount paid by the Bank under the IBRD
Guarantee; (ii) Hungary hereby unconditionally guarantees, as
primary obligor and not as surety merely, to pay promptly to the
Bank any amount paid by the Bank under the IBRD Guarantee; (iii) SDI
and Hungary jointly and severally agree to indemnify the Bank on
demand in respect of all actions, proceedings, liabilities, claims,
losses, damages, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by the Bank
in relation to or arising out of the IBRD Guarantee; (iv) SDI and
Hungary irrevocably authorize the Bank to comply with any demands
and make any payments which may be due from or claimed or made upon
the Bank under the IBRD Guarantee (the Bank shall notify Hungary and
SDI of any such demand but failure to give such notice shall in no
way affect the Bank's obligation to make payment under the IBRD
Guarantee or the obligation of Hungary and SDI to reimburse or
indemnify the Bank pursuant to this Agreement) and agree that it
shall not be incumbent on the Bank to enquire whether or not any
such demands or payments are in fact due or whether or not any
dispute exists between Hungary and/or SDI and the Trustee and/or the
holders of the Bonds; and (v) SDI and Hungary agree that, in the
absence of any manifest error, any such demand or payment shall, as
between Hungary and/or SDI, and the Bank, be conclusive evidence
that the demand is properly made and/or payment properly due.
      (b)   Any payment required to be made by Hungary and/or SDI
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be:
            (i)   paid in the currency paid by the Bank under the
                  IBRD Guarantee, or if such payment shall have
                  been made in a currency which the Bank shall have
                  purchased with another currency for the purpose
                  of such payment, in such other currency;
            (ii)  paid at such places as the Bank shall reasonably
                  request;
            (iii) made in such manner, and in currencies acquired
                  in such manner, as shall be permitted under the
                  laws applicable to the making of such payment and
                  effecting the deposit of such currencies to the
                  account of the Bank with a depository designated
                  by the Bank for this purpose;
            (iv)  paid without any restrictions of any kind imposed
                  by, or in the territory of Hungary; and
            (v)   applied first, to pay all interest, fees and
                  other charges due to the Bank and second, after
                  such interest and other charges are paid, to pay
Page  4
                  all principal then due.
      (c)   In consideration of the Bank providing the IBRD
Guarantee, SDI shall pay to the Bank on the Closing Date, a
guarantee fee of US$4,640,000. Hungary hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
punctual payment by SDI of the said guarantee fee.
      Section 2.02. (a) The obligations of Hungary and SDI hereunder
shall not be in any way discharged or impaired by reason of any time
or other indulgence which may be granted to the Bank by the Trustee
or the holders of the Bonds, by any variation of the Bonds, the
Hungary Guarantee, or any related agreement nor by any circumstances
which would or might (but for this provision) constitute a discharge
or defense of Hungary and/or SDI.
      (b)   The Bank may at any time, without thereby discharging,
impairing or otherwise affecting any rights, powers and remedies
hereby created or conferred upon it by this Agreement, the Bonds,
the Trust Deed or by law: (i) offer or agree to or enter into any
agreement for the extension or variation of the IBRD Guarantee; or
(ii) offer or give or agree to give any time or other indulgence to
any person or entity from whom it may seek reimbursement in respect
of sums paid out by the Bank under the IBRD Guarantee.
      (c)   Any rights conferred on the Bank by this Agreement shall
be in addition to and not in substitution for or derogation of any
other right which the Bank may at any time have to seek from Hungary
or SDI or any other person or entity reimbursement of or
indemnification against payments made or liabilities incurred under
the IBRD Guarantee.
      (d)   The Bank shall not be obliged before taking steps to
enforce any rights conferred on it by this Agreement or exercising
any of the rights, powers and remedies conferred upon the Bank by
this Agreement, the Bonds, the Trust Deed or by law: (i) to take
action or obtain judgment in any court against any other person or
entity (including persons or entities from whom it may seek
reimbursement in respect of sums paid out under the IBRD Guarantee);
or (ii) to enforce or seek to enforce any other rights it may have
against Hungary or SDI or its rights against any other person or
entity.
      Section 2.03. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under this Agreement, Hungary and SDI hereby
undertake to punctually perform all of their respective obligations
under the Bonds, the Hungary Guarantee and the Trust Deed, and
Hungary further agrees that any amount due to the Bank by Hungary
and SDI jointly and severally hereunder shall be deemed, for
purposes of Sections 6.02 (b) and 7.01 (d) (ii) of the General
Conditions an amount due in consequence of a guarantee extended by
the Bank to a third party with the agreement of Hungary.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The proceeds of the Bonds shall be used as
follows:
      (a)   on the Closing Date, SDI shall use US$5,740,000 from the
proceeds of the Bonds to pay the amounts payable to the Managers as
specified in the Subscription Agreement and the guarantee fee
specified in Section 2.01 (c) of this Agreement; and
      (b)   the balance of the proceeds of the Bonds shall be used
for the purposes of the Projects as set forth in this Article III.
      Section 3.02. SDI shall open in its name on the books of NBH
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank a separate freely
convertible United States dollar account (hereinafter referred to as
the Dollar Special Account) in which it shall, on the Closing Date,
Page  5
deposit US$27,000,000 from the proceeds of the Bonds. SDI agrees
that such amount shall be paid out of the Dollar Special Account by
NBH, pursuant to the Agency Arrangements, to OKGT, on terms and
conditions acceptable to the Bank, only to meet foreign expenditures
under Part B of the Energy Development (Oil and Gas) Project as they
are actually incurred and which have not been financed out of the
funds provided by the Bank under the Loan Agreement dated May 30,
1989, between the Bank and OKGT pertaining to said Project.
      Section 3.03. (a) SDI shall open in its name on the books of
NBH on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank a separate
Forint account (hereinafter referred to as the Forint Special
Account) in which it shall, on the Closing Date, deposit the Forint
equivalent of US$167,260,000 from the proceeds of the Bonds. Of such
amount, SDI agrees that:
            (i)   the Forint equivalent of US$64,560,000 shall be
                  paid out of the Forint Special Account by NBH,
                  pursuant to the Agency Arrangements, to the
                  Participating Banks, on terms and conditions
                  acceptable to the Bank, only to meet local
                  expenditures under Part A of the Third Industrial
                  Restructuring Project as they are actually
                  incurred;
            (ii)  the Forint equivalent of US$16,500,000 shall be
                  paid out of the Forint Special Account by NBH,
                  pursuant to the Agency Arrangements, to Hungary,
                  on terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank,
                  only to meet local expenditures under Part C of
                  the Third Industrial Restructuring Project as
                  they are actually incurred; and
            (iii) the Forint equivalent of US$86,200,000 shall be
                  paid out of the Forint Special Account by NBH,
                  pursuant to the Agency Arrangements, to Hungary,
                  on terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank,
                  only to meet local expenditures under Part A of
                  the Second Transport Project as they are actually
                  incurred.
      (b)   The goods and services required for the Projects and to
be financed out of the proceeds of the Bonds shall be procured with
due regard to considerations of economy and efficiency in accordance
with procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
      Section 3.04. SDI, pursuant to the Agency Arrangements, shall
ensure that NBH shall:
      (a)   (i) maintain records and procedures adequate to identify
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Bonds, and (ii)
furnish to the Bank all such information as the Bank shall
reasonably request concerning the expenditure of the proceeds of the
Bonds and the goods and services financed out of such proceeds
including, without limitation, all such documents and other evidence
as shall be adequate to show that amounts disbursed from the Dollar
Special Account and the Forint Special Account were disbursed for
eligible expenditures as contemplated in Sections 3.02 and 3.03 of
this Agreement, respectively; and
      (b)   (i) have the records and accounts referred to in
paragraph (a) of this Section and those for the Dollar Special
Account and the Forint Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
in accordance with appropriate auditing principles consistently
applied, by independent auditors acceptable to the Bank, (ii)
furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in any case not later
than six months after the end of each such year: (A) certified
copies of said accounts for such year as so audited and (B) the
report of such audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
detail as the Bank shall have reasonably requested, and (iii)
furnish to the Bank such other information concerning said records,
accounts and financial statements as well as the audit thereof as
Page  6
the Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.05. If at any time the Bank determines that any sum
paid out of the Dollar Special Account or the Forint Special Account
was paid out in respect of any expenditure which was not eligible as
contemplated by Sections 3.02 and 3.03 of this Agreement, as the
case may be, or was not justified by the evidence furnished pursuant
to Section 3.04 of this Agreement, SDI shall, promptly following
notice from the Bank, deposit in the Dollar Special Account or the
Forint Special Account, as the case may be, an amount equal to such
sum.
      Section 3.06. SDI shall take such steps satisfactory to the
Bank as shall be necessary to protect itself against the risk of
loss resulting from changes in the rates of exchange between the
currencies used in the financing of the Projects out of the proceeds
of the Bonds.
      Section 3.07. In the event that any amount is paid by the Bank
under the provisions of the IBRD Guarantee, Hungary and SDI jointly
and severally undertake to pay interest to the Bank on such amount,
in the currency determined in accordance with Section 2.01 (b) (i)
of this Agreement, at the rate per annum specified by the Bank in
respect of such currency, which rate will be based on the Bank's
prevailing borrowing cost in such currency plus the applicable
margin over such cost, until such amount is paid.
      Section 3.08. SDI and Hungary shall obtain the written consent
of the Bank prior to agreeing to any change in the terms and
conditions of the Bonds, the Hungary Guarantee or the Trust Deed.
      Section 3.09. Each of the agreements between Hungary and the
Bank referred to in the Schedule to this Agreement is amended as set
forth in said Schedule.
                           ARTICLE IV
                          Effective Date
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
upon signature.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. (a) The First Deputy President or General
Manager of the National Bank of Hungary is hereby designated as
representative of Hungary for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      (b)   The General Manager of SDI is hereby designated as
representative of SDI for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For Hungary:
            National Bank of Hungary
            Department for International
               Development Institutions
            H-1850 Budapest
            Szabadsag ter 8-9
            Republic of Hungary
            Cable Address:                Telex:
                  BANKO                      227267 SMAFU-HU,
                  Budapest                   225755 BANKO-H or
                                             227028 BANKO-H
Page  7
      For SDI:
            Deak Ferenc utca 5,
            1052 Budapest, V,
            Republic of Hungary
                                        Telex:
                                             225672-H
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable Address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                 197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.          248423 (RCA),
                                             64145 (WUI) or
                                             82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                  REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY
                  By
                                         Authorized Representative
                  STATE DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE
                  By
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                       RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE
1.    The following is added as Section 4.03 in each of the
Guarantee Agreement (Third Industrial Restructuring Project), dated
February 24, 1988, and the Guarantee Agreement (Energy Development
(Oil and Gas) Project), dated May 30, 1989, both between Hungary and
the Bank:
            "Section 4.03. The Guarantor shall ensure that the
      proceeds of the bonds referred to in Whereas (A) of the
      Preamble to the Guarantee and Indemnity Agreement between the
      Guarantor and the State Development Institute of the one part
Page  8
      and the Bank of the other part, dated as of August 31, 1990,
      shall be used for the purposes, and in accordance with the
      requirements, set forth in Sections 3.01, 3.02 and 3.03 of
      said Guarantee and Indemnity Agreement."
2.    The following is added as Section 4.02 in the Loan Agreement
(Second Transport Project) dated July 10, 1989, between Hungary and
the Bank:
            "Section 4.02. The Borrower shall ensure that the
      proceeds of the bonds referred to in Whereas (A) of the
      Preamble to the Guarantee and Indemnity Agreement between the
      Borrower and the State Development Institute of the one part
      and the Bank of the other part, dated as of August 31, 1990,
      shall be used for the purposes, and in accordance with the
      requirements, set forth in Sections 3.01, 3.02 and 3.03 of
      said Guarantee and Indemnity Agreement."
