Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3215 POL
               (Energy Resource Development Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated July 2, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3215 POL
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 2, 1990, between REPUBLIC OF POLAND (the
Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and the Polish Oil and Gas Company
(the Borrower), having been satisfied as to the feasibility and
priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between the
Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the Borrower
a loan in various currencies equivalent to two hundred fifty million
United States dollars ($250,000,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan and to undertake such other obligations as
Page  2
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth in the Loan Agreement (the General Condi-
tions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
and in Section 1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                   Guarantee; Provision of Funds
      Section 2.01. Without limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as
surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Without limitation or restriction upon the
provisions of Section 2.01 of this Agreement, the Guarantor
specifically undertakes, whenever there is reasonable cause to
believe that the funds available to the Borrower will be inadequate
to meet the estimated expenditures required for the carrying out of
the Project, to make arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank,
promptly to provide the Borrower or cause the Borrower to be
provided with such funds as are needed to meet such expenditures.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. In accordance with its policy to rationalize
domestic energy prices and to minimize distortions in consumer
choices among available energy resources, the Guarantor shall:
      (a)   gradually adjust, on the basis of a schedule satis-
factory to the Bank, the level of prices paid by domestic industrial
consumers for natural, coke-oven and manufactured gases distributed
through the gas networks so as to ensure that, by December 31, 1992,
such prices are at all times set at levels equivalent to the average
price level, as calculated in accordance with a methodology
satisfactory to the Bank, paid by industrial consumers for natural
gas in such member countries of the European Community as are
selected by agreement between the Guarantor and the Bank;
      (b)   gradually adjust, on the basis of a schedule satis-
factory to the Bank, the level of prices paid by domestic household
consumers for natural, coke-oven and manufactured gases distributed
through the gas networks so as to ensure that (i) by December 31,
1991, such prices are set at levels not less than those paid by
domestic industrial consumers, and (ii) by December 31, 1995, such
prices are set at levels exceeding those paid by domestic industrial
consumers by such a margin as shall be sufficient to recover fully
all additional costs associated with the delivery of such gases to
domestic household consumers; and
Page  3
      (c)   before May 31 and November 30 of each year, beginning
with November 30, 1990, review with the Bank the measures required
to meet the requirements set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section and thereafter take all necessary actions, in consultation
with the Bank, in order to meet such requirements.
      Section 3.02.  The Guarantor shall:
      (a)   carry out or cause to be carried out, under terms of
reference satisfactory to the Bank, studies to assess the per-
formance and future prospects, and to develop suitable strategies
for the restructuring, of the Guarantor's hard coal, oil and gas,
lignite and power and district heating subsectors, and furnish to
the Bank a copy of each of said study promptly upon its completion,
but in any case not later than December 31, 1990;
      (b)   afford the Bank a reasonable opportunity to review with
the Borrower the conclusions and recommendations of each of the said
studies, and take into consideration the Bank's views thereon in
finalizing the strategy to be developed thereunder; and
      (c)   initiate the implementation, by June 30, 1991, of the
strategy developed under each said study, and thereafter implement
the same in accordance with a time schedule satisfactory to the
Bank.
                            ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Guarantor is
designated as representative of the Guarantor for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Ministry of Finance
            00-901, Warszawa
            ul. Swietokrzyska 12
            Republic of Poland
            Cable address:                 Telex:
               MINF                          814386 PL
                 Poland
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                 INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                 Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in Warsaw, Republic of Poland, as
of the day and year first above written.
Page  4
                        REPUBLIC OF POLAND
                        By /s/ Marek Dabrowski
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION ANDDEVELOPMENT
                        By /s/ Willi A. Wapenhans
                                           Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
