Report No. PID10369
Project Name                     Latvia-Housing LIL (PHASE #1)
Region                           Europe and Central Asia Region
Sector                           Other Finance; Urban Housing
Project ID                       LVPE74410
Borrower(s)                      GOV'T. OF LATVIA
Implementing Agency
Address MIN. OF ENV. PROTECTION & REGIONAL
DEV'T.
Environment Category             C
Date PID Prepared                May 21, 2001
Projected Appraisal Date         June, 2001
Projected Board Date             July, 2001
1. Country and Sector Background
In many ways Latvia has been in the forefront of transition economies,
and particularly those of the FSU, in restructuring its economy. Like its
Baltic neighbors it has created a well-functioning, largely
privately-owned financial system; it has privatized most economic
activity; and most importantly, it has developed a stable, low inflation,
growing economy. Indeed, over the last 5 years, for example, it has been
one of the fastest growing and lowest inflation rate countries in the
Former Soviet Union (FSU). However, until recently, it has lagged behind
in the process of privatization of housing. It is now making considerable
progress in this area as well. By the end of this year about 70 percent
of housing units will be privatized. Nevertheless, it is now more than
five years since neighboring countries privatized their housing, and the
level of privatization achieved in Latvia remains considerably below that
of Lithuania and Estonia, where private ownership exceeds 90 percent of
the stock. This slower start in privatization has meant that Latvia is
only now beginning to shift towards a market-based housing delivery
system. As a result, it still bears some of the high costs of the
socialist housing legacy which made the housing sector among the least
efficient in the economy. On the other hand, undertaking the reform at
this later date also presents greater opportunities than was by the
situation in Lithuania and Estonia when they privatized. The legacy:I
Public sector ownership of housing is costly and regressive in
non-transparent ways. Through the ownership of such a large share of
apartments, which are rented at very low rents, the public sector
continues to exert a large role in the housing sector. Few countries in
the world provide such large per unit subsidies to such a large portion of
the housing stock. This result occurs because of the extremely low rents
that are paid on such a large share of the housing stock. Recall that the
public share in Latvia is about six times larger than that of Lithuania
and Estonia. The result is that a large share of these subsidies go to
those who are not poor. In addition, because publicly-owned units are
scattered throughout most of the country's buildings, the low rents on
public units can constrain private apartment owners from upgrading the



buildings which they share with public residents. This result occurs
because the rent ceilings on public units sharply limit the ability to
increase maintenance fees in apartment buildings with mixed ownership.I
The housing stock is energy inefficient and continuously deteriorating.
Due to the lack of private property in housing until recent years there
has been a similar lack of finance for investments in improving the energy
inefficient housing stock. Unfortunately, this lack of financing for
energy investments occurs even though energy prices have gone to world
market levels, making utility costs for most families prohibitive.
Commercial banks have done very little lending to support investments in
improving energy efficiency because they are only now in the beginning
stages of making non-collateralized loans, such as those for the common
areas of multi-apartment buildings. Legislative amendments are now in
process which would broaden their ability to do so, by more fully defining
occupants' financial responsibilities for common area investments. The
Lithuanian experience suggests that this kind of lending can be done with
very little risk - no defaults on over 200 sub-loans of a Bank-supported
project - and Latvian banks are interested developing their lending in
this area. I Housing affordability for many young families is low due to
the relatively high house prices, and commercial banks' prudential
reluctance to provide loans with down payments of less than 30 percent.
The result is that the Latvian government, as in Estonia and Lithuania, is
concerned that the high housing costs faced by young families could
encourage them to migrate. For the small Baltic economies, such migration
would mean the possible loss of some of their most valuable human capital,
capital that has been developed through government subsidies for college
education. I The age structure of the population. Latvia, like many of the
countries in the FSU has a large share of elderly population. In fact, it
has one of the largest shares of elderly population of any society, 26
percent of families, exceeded only by Bulgaria. The figures on the share
of elderly population is from the World Bank Indicators.     Twenty percent
of these pensioner households live in poverty, and an even larger number
are what might be termed near poor. Further, outside of the value of the
apartments they own, few of them have realized any other tangible benefits
from the privatization of the nation's wealth. In sum, most elderly
households have become house-rich and cash-poor, and correspondingly,
Latvia has one of the highest levels of expenditures on pensions in the
FSU.The Opportunities:I By the time Latvia privatized its housing it had
already achieved a stable, growing economy. As a result, relatively
well-functioning, if nascent, banking, pension, and insurance systems are
now in place. When the other countries privatized, market-based finance
was not available. In Lithuania, for instance, a Bank-supported project
helped build links to a still highly distorted banking sector by providing
a fully government guaranteed directed line of credit. In contrast, the
Latvian financial system already provides long-term mortgage loans, and
many banks have expressed interest in expanding their lending to include
non-collateralized finance, such as lending for common area energy
improvements. As a consequence, a smaller Bank loan, supporting partial
guarantees, can stimulate more private sector lending at market interest
rates than did earlier loans.I The presence of a significant Danish
technical assistance program for Latvia, based in part, upon the prior
successful experience with the Bank on a similar project in Lithuania. In
the latter country, the donor-supported project helped new apartment
owners form housing associations to take care of their properties, and to
make investments in improving the energy efficiency of their buildings.
- 2 -



It also helped to demonstrate to commercial banks that this form of
lending could be done safely. The success of this work has already carried
over to Latvia as the government has brought newly-formed Latvian housing
associations to Lithuania to examine their experience. In April, at the
request of the World Bank the Danes signed a contract with a Latvian
consulting firm to help prepare a multi-year, multi-million dollar
technical assistance program. I Finally, both Baltic neighbors have
established relatively nimble public guaranty mechanisms for housing. For
example, the Estonian company has a professional staff of two people to
undertake very similar credit enhancement functions. Both the Lithuanian
and Estonian organizations have shown a willingness to provide assistance
to Latvia. Both have also expressed interest in expanding the kinds of
products they offer to include those being piloted under this project.
To develop and implement a strategy for the housing sector the Government
of Latvia has convened an Inter-Ministerial Working Group for
Establishment of Mortgage Lending, which operates under the direction of
the Ministry of Finance. The Working Group serves as a facilitator for the
development of the necessary legal and regulatory framework for the
housing and housing finance sectors. It is also a forum for discussing
different issues related to these sectors as well as for coordination of
different activities in this area. The government has also requested
World Bank and Danish assistance to: broaden the general population's
accessibility to housing finance, stimulate private individuals to take
care of their common property, to prevent the housing stock from further
deterioration, and to improve its energy efficiency. Finally, the
government has also expressed interest in improving its housing assistance
policy, and reducing the adverse effects that public sector ownership has
on private housing decisions. These latter issues will be addressed by
the intended larger follow-up project with the World Bank, after the
municipal maintenance companies have been privatized, and public sector
responsibilities have been legally clarified.Sector issues to be addressed
by the project and strategic choices The project will improve the
efficiency with which housing - the only wealth that most families
received as a result of the transition - is used. It will also attempt to
change the management and financing of the housing stock so that it
corresponds to the new ownership structure. If this can be done the
ongoing depreciation of existing units will be stopped, and household
expenses will no longer continue to require an inordinate level of family
income to pay for utilities. Finally, if the transition to the new
ownership structure can be accelerated, new households, new employees, and
pensioners would be able to realize some of the benefits that housing
provides in economies with more mature financial and real estate sectors.
More concretely, the project will assist the government of Latvia to
address the following sector issues: (a) the long-term and ongoing
deterioration of existing housing stock; (b) high energy and utility costs
resulting from a highly energy inefficient housing stock; and (c) low
accessibility to bank financing by the lower and medium income households.
Increasing this access would stimulate development of the housing market
which over the past decade was among the most moribund of any reforming
economy. For 18 transition countries for which data was collected Latvia
experienced the third largest contraction in the stock of housing over the
1990-1999 period, exceeded only by Georgia and Bulgaria.     The
government's support for this financial innovation is preferable to
waiting for private sector innovation to take place for a number of
reasons.I The credibility of Latvia's new insurance industry has yet to be
-3 -



established. Nor have any insurance companies yet invested the minimum
capital required to provide default insurance. Thus, it does not appear
that these kinds of innovations by the private sector are imminent. I At
the same time that these financial services are slowly evolving the higher
costs of transacting in a nascent real estate market create pressures for
subsidies - for the elderly, for first-time buyers, for utility costs.
Thus, successful innovations can be expected to lower pressures for the
kinds of subsidies commonly used in other reforming economies, and at the
same time, accelerate financial sector development in a prudent and
transparent way.
2. Objectives
The immediate objective of the project is to help determine whether the
market-based credit enhancements used in other countries can be used to
address a number of housing-related problems in Latvia. In many countries
in the absence of such enhancements these problems are frequently, if
inefficiently, addressed by the public sector. Thus, the ultimate
objective, as is often done in market economies, is to attempt to use
these enhancements to reduce the public role in the housing sector. That
is, by carefully defining and delimiting the public role the objective is
to stimulate the private sector to take on a larger role, including a more
active role in energy improvements, housing finance, and maintenance
functions. The specific project objectives are to: (1) provide
market-based incentives to private individuals and institutions so that
they more rapidly take on the responsibilities for improving and
maintaining the energy efficiency of their newly privatized housing; (2)
reduce barriers facing medium and lower income families in accessing bank
finance for housing; and (3) assure that public sector interventions are
complementary to rather than competitive with private risk taking.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
While the guarantees envisioned could be provided by the Government of
Latvia without Bank support, a Bank loan carries a number of advantages:I
In market economies financial innovations of this sort have almost
universally been developed by the public rather than the private sector.
See, for example, the experience in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., France,
the Netherlands and Sweden among others. However, in the long run, the
business risks of such services are better managed by the private sector.
Bank involvement is structured to assure that a successful innovation can
become a private sector function rather than a creature of the public
sector.I Without careful analysis and planning government contingent
liabilities for such long-term guarantees can accumulate, as is the case
now in Lithuania, and result in unanticipated public sector costs. With
technical assistance, from the Dutch and possibly the Canadian government,
the project is structured to assure that government contingent liabilities
for the guarantees are explicit, minimized, and carefully controlled. I
Finally, a number of the products to be tested have a public good quality
that can benefit from international best practices. For example, advice
to the elderly, to new families, and to newly-formed housing associations
are all likely to be important to a more rapid adoption of market
practices. The provision of such advice is clearly a public sector
responsibility. In fact, in a number of countries, such as Russia and
Hungary, one of the prime motivations for the development of such public
programs was the frequency of unscrupulous private transactions. Such
results, of course, can do considerable damage to the credibility of
- 4 -



market-based reform programs. By moving forward rapidly with the project
the Bank will undoubtedly have greater ability to help bring its
experiences with these practices to bear as Latvia finishes this
far-reaching reform process.
4. Description
The project will provide a $2 million Bank loan for guarantees of up to
four types of financial instruments to be provided by the Technical Unit
(TU). The disbursement of World Bank funds would follow the approaches
used in other projects such as the Export Development Project in Tunisia,
Private Industry Recovery Project in Albania, and Emergency Industrial
Restart Project in Bosnia-Herzegovina. The loan funds would be disbursed
to an escrow account upon the TU's submission of a signed guarantee
contract and proof of payment of the premium by the beneficiary. In the
event of a default, payments would be made by the TU out of the escrow
account in any situations in which the reserves collected via premiums are
first exhausted. Underwriting, administration and foreclosure will be
delegated to the eligible lenders. Premiums will be estimated based on
the potential demand for the various products, survivorship and decrement
tables for each of the products under various scenarios, and estimated per
unit costs. Specific reserve requirements, against which Bank lending will
be made, will also be estimated based on an assessment that they will be
sufficient to assure acturial soundness. Based on these estimates,
financial statements for the operations will be developed against which
the project's performance will be monitored, evaluated, and if necessary,
revised. An important feature of this analysis will be that during the
project the income statements and balance sheet will be integrated into a
financial stress test model which will allow the government and the Bank
to be assured that even under pessimistic macroeconomic scenarios that the
government's risk exposure would be limited to its current capital
contribution.   At the end of the 18-month pilot the government will
undertake a study of the experience that will focus on determining the
least intrusive and lowest-cost way for the government to proceed. An
underlying assumption of that analysis is that the private sector should
be able to undertake most of the functions supported.     Project components
will be of two broad types. The first will focus on individual borrowing,
relying on the existing foreclosure law which private banks view as
providing sufficient protection. Two different individual-based products
will be tested: one will be restricted to families who were unable to
benefit from the housing privatization program - i.e., new families, or
those who live in restituted property; and the other for elderly families
with modest pensions and little savings who have privatized their
apartments. The second type of product will focus on supporting the
institutional development needed so that apartment building common area
expenses and investments can be dealt with more systematically and
efficiently. This second type of operation will also concentrate on two
lines of business: First, determining what kind of risk-sharing
arrangements are needed so that private commercial banks are comfortable
in lending on a non-collateralized basis for energy improvement and/or
upgrading loans. Second, making sure that newly-formed housing
associations fully understand and can reasonably trust their neighbors and
the court system to act responsibly and in accordance with the
law.Individual-Based Mortgage LendingComponent 1: credit enhancements for
first time home buyers At present, the possibilities for young people to
obtain housing are limited and available largely to those in the highest
- 5 -



percentiles of the income distribution. The same applies to the households
living in the denationalized buildings who did not have the possibility to
privatize their housing at little to no costs and must now move or face
precipitous rent increases. Even when young families have the incomes
sufficient to meet banking criteria for borrowing, they usually do not
have the necessary down-payment of 30 - 40 percent of house price.
Component 1 will address this issue by providing guarantees to qualifying
homebuyers for lowering the down-payment required by the banks. Loans to
the eligible participants would be disbursed by the private commercial
banks on market terms for the purposes of purchasing housing.
Underwriting, administration, and foreclosure risk for up to 70 percent of
house value will be the responsibility of the eligible lenders. The TU
would provide a guarantee for the portion of the loan exceeding the amount
provided by the bank in accordance with the standard loan to value (LTV)
ratio of 70 percent. The minimum required own participation of the
borrower would be 10 percent. Such a guarantee would be valid for a period
until the LTV ratio drops to 70 percent. The guarantee would be effective
only after foreclosure and recovery of the debt and it would cover the
bank losses up to the amount equal to 20 percent of the initial sales
price.   World Bank lending will be sufficient to provide reserves, of 30
percent, of the amount of the loan that is insured, i.e., 20 percent of
house value. Therefore, funds disbursed by the Bank to back-stop these
guarantees will compose approximately 6 percent of the house value (0.2 x
0.3 = 0.06). The eligible expenditures as defined below shall compose at
least 6 percent of the house value. The eligible expenditures under this
component being (i) expenditures on housing that was built or
rehabilitated after June 2000, i.e., one year prior to implementation as
was done in the Jordan Housing Finance Loan; (ii) rehabilitation and
capital investments in existing housing or (iii) the closing and
administrative costs of the transaction, similar to the approach taken in
a recent Human Capital Protection Project in Colombia.Component 2: reverse
mortgages for elderly The income of the large elderly population in Latvia
tends to be relatively low and to be paid out of state pension obligations
which exceed 10 percent of GDP. However, the elderly often have wealth in
the form of privatized or restituted housing, which according to a survey
conducted for the project by the Latvian Pensioners' Association often has
value (relative to income) that is much larger than is the case in
developed countries. A survey of pensioners by the Latvian Pensioners
Association for this project indicates that about 30 percent of pensioners
surveyed would be interested in reverse mortgages. The average value of
the properties of those interested in such loans exceeded $10,000, and in
Riga was considerably more. This figure is almost 9 times larger than the
average pension paid in 1999, suggesting that the average house price
exceeds the average pension income by more than double the amount typical
of market economies.      They have, in other words, a relatively large
amount of housing wealth. However, current bank financing is not available
to them to access this wealth. As a result, finance does not provide any
possibilities for these "cash poor - housing rich" elderly people to
improve their living conditions or to protect themselves from disruptions
in current income. From a risk perspective, these elderly households are
both extremely under-diversified, due to the illiquidity of their wealth,
and they are sometimes forced into poverty not because they are poor, but
because of imperfections in the newly-developing financial system. The
second component would address this imperfection by providing access to
marked-based finance from these elderly households. This scheme would
- 6 -



allow pensioners to exchange part of the equity in their housing for cash
to allow them improve their living conditions. Under this scheme financing
to the elderly will be provided by commercial banks or insurance companies
essentially in the form of mortgage loans with deferred repayment. The
loan amount and accumulated interest would be repayable when the person
leaves the property for any reason (including mortality) by the heirs or
from the proceeds of the sale of the property. One of the key factors for
efficient implementation of such an instrument is trust and fairness of
the transaction. Therefore, the TU will, on behalf of the government of
Latvia, share the property value risk with private lenders, and assume the
actuarial risk that a specific elderly borrower would live beyond
actuarial expectations. Specifically, for loans that terminate prior to
the expected termination date lenders will share 20 percent of the risk
that the house's value at termination is less than the outstanding
accumulated loan. For loans which extend beyond the expected termination
date, the TU would assume all of the property value risk. As is the case
with Component 1, Bank funds will disburse against the reserves, 35
percent, of the loan value provided, which in turn would average of about
40 percent of house value so that Bank disbursements equal about 14
percent of house value. Qualifying expenditures are for: (1) common
capital improvements such as financed under Components 3 and 4; (2)
improvement in the borrower's own unit; (3) accumulated arrears for
utility payments of qualified borrowers; A condition for borrowing would
be that all payment arrears on a property would have to be eliminated
before borrowing. However, for lower income borrowers, these arrears
payments could be financed out of the loan proceeds. Such payments would
qualify for Bank financing because arrears in utility payments by the
indigent are one of the key constraints which prevent district heating
companies from achieving profitability in Latvia. Their lack of
profitability, in turn, results in their continued inefficient and
subsidized operation. Therefore, allowing the poor, who would otherwise be
unable to make such payments, to use part of their wealth to be able to do
so would contribute to a more productive, efficient utility industry. and
(4) the transaction costs of administering the loans, as in the Colombian
Human Capital Protection Project where the same costs were financed for
qualifying families. Qualified borrowers would be required to have modest
incomes, undertake counseling for both the financial aspects of the
transaction as well as additional counseling for, e.g, basic nutrition and
preventive health care to be determined during appraisal. The experience
of programs like this for the elderly in market economies, such as the
U.S., indicates the important role that counseling can play in providing
these instruments under fair prices. Extensive assistance and advice will
be provided to the elderly population primarily through the Association of
Pensioners and other relevant NGOs. The American Association of Retired
Persons, an NGO that has actively supported the use of these instruments
and developed counseling for beneficiaries in the US, has agreed to donate
the staff support needed for the development of this product as well as to
help develop outreach program for other counseling. Ultimately, the
results of this aspect of the pilot in Latvia may be of importance
throughout the FSU countries, which all have elderly populations who are
house rich and cash poor. Because Latvia has such low inflation and a
relatively well-developed financial system it affords perhaps the best
single opportunity to see if such instruments can be used in transition
countries at this time as they have in market economies.Non-Mortgage
Lending and Institutional Development Component 3 - common area borrowing
- 7 -



While banks in Latvia feel comfortable lending against real estate
collateral, there is as of yet very limited lending to homeowners
associations for improvements of common areas. The main reason for the
lack of such finance is that banks are only beginning to undertake
non-collateralized lending. However, in addition, HOAs are just being
formed and the legal code is still being developed. Component 3 is aimed
at developing a mechanism to stimulate bank involvement in financing
housing investments by homeowners associations. This instrument is very
similar to that of Component 1 and to two IFC-supported projects in
Hungary, Energy Efficiency Co-Finance Program 1 and 2, that also have
provide credit enhancements for energy investments by small firms which
have among other things, financed multi-family residential heating
investments.    Under this component, guarantees will be provided to
commercial banks which finance specific investment projects for the
improvement of the building's common areas. Such investment projects would
include, but not be limited to, energy efficiency measures, installation
of heat sub-stations, replacement of wiring, water and sewage systems,
renovation of roofs and other capital improvements. The TU will provide
guarantees on a co-insurance basis, as done under component 1. However, in
this case the banks would be asked to take the initial risk exposure of 30
- 50 percent of loan value, while the guarantee would, again like the IFC
projects in Hungary, cover the subsequent and larger risk. Hence, banks
would be exposed to underwriting and business risks, whereas the
enforcement and macroeconomic risks would be shared. Even though the legal
enforceability of such lending has not been fully spelled out, discussions
with a number of commercial banks indicated broad interest in expanding
their lending to households on a non-collateralized basis. The experience
in Lithuania and the studies for the Riga District Heating project show
the investments financed can reasonably be expected to lower energy costs
by more than the costs of borrowing; and the default experience on such
loans has been extremely low. Indeed in both Lithuania and Hungary it has
been zero. The TU has organized a working group of commercial bank
representatives that can serve as a sounding board for legal and
regulatory issues relating to expanding private lending in this area. One
issue of particular concern is the new amendments to the Law on Apartment
Property that will spell out in more detail homeowner association member
rights and responsibilities. The implementation of these laws and, no
doubt, subsequent modification, will remain an important policy issue.
Until these amendments are in place, however, the existing Law on
Apartment Property and the co-op law appear to offer sufficient protection
to lenders for the pilot to begin. Bank funds would be disbursed to
back-stop the guarantees issued by the TU with the expected ratio of 50
percent of the guaranteed loan amount. Therefore, disbursements would be
35 percent - 25 percent of the total loan amount.Component 4: assistance
in the professionalization of associations This component is aimed at
developing effective savings collection channels by addressing problems
relating to the lack of trust that residents have in first, their
neighbors' contributions of their fair share of costs; and second, the
time required to enforce the legal and contractual rights. At present, due
to expectations of long court procedures residents of some units do not
pay because they know that the lengthy adjudication will discourage the
others from taking legal actions against them. The prospect of lack of
payments by neighbors, in turn, discourages many others with the result
that major investments in buildings are not taken because occupants know
that some residents will not contribute their share in a timely manner.
- 8 -



The result is that cumulatively properties are not maintained, much less
upgraded. Under this component guarantees will be provided to the eligible
homeowners' associations on timely payments by the apartment owners, who
can be legally obligated, to the HOA. According to the guarantee agreement
the HOA will be responsible for following the payments made by apartment
owners and taking the necessary initial steps in the cases of nonpayment
such as sending reminder letters and warnings. In the cases of further
noncompliance the HOA will submit a claim to the TU. The TU will
sub-contract a legal firm to take legal actions against the non-payer.
During the court process the TU will make the missing payments to the HOA.
These payments will be reimbursed to the TU, including interest and legal
expenses, when the money is recovered through the courts. As is the case
with Component 3, investment projects would include, but not be limited to
energy efficiency measures, installation of heat sub-stations, replacement
of wiring, water and sewage systems, renovation of roofs and other capital
improvements. Bank funds would be disbursed against the reserves in the
ratio of 20 percent of eligible payments for capital
improvements.Eligibility criteria for HOAs for components 3 and 4 would be
designed to reinforce the newly introduced rights and responsibilities of
homeowners and would follow these general principles: (1) successfully
established housing association and (2) properly documented and legally
binding agreements of participating homeowners in accordance with HOA
bylaws and other regulations stipulated by law to open an account, make
specified deposits, purchase the guarantee and use the funds for capital
investments in common areas. The Ministry of Environmental Protection and
Regional Development (MEPRD) will provide advice and information on
property management as well as information about energy efficiency as they
are related to these two products. Danish technical assistance is expected
to support MEPRD on developing and distributing the content of the
information and advice. The objective is to provide the new associations
with a "one-stop shopping" form of advice in addressing the major issues
that confront new associations. That is, newly formed associations would
be able to go to one location to find advice on: their legal rights; how
they can address their major concern - energy efficiency investments; how
they would be able to finance these investments, i.e., how do the
financing costs translate into monthly payments; and finally, on property
management issues. The objective of this Danish Technical assistance is
to accelerate the rate at which buildings become actively managed by the
private sector, recognizing that in Lithuania 5 years after this effort
was initiated only 15 percent of the buildings are now managed by
associations. A survey of potential users of this product is now underway
by the TU. One measure of the productivity of this guarantee is the
billions in dollars in earnings realized by similar providers of
guarantees of timely payments on interest, in the U.S., and rents, in
France. Encouraging the pursuit of recalcitrant payers and tailoring the
recovery mechanism so that gains from specialization can be realized, can
be expected to lower financial sector recovery costs and correspondingly,
the interest rates charged.
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Total Project Cost
(Expected)
IBRD -                           USD 2 million
Government -                     up to USD 0.8 million
-9-



Local Commercial Banks -         USD 11 - 12 million
Beneficiaries -                  up to USD 1 million
TOTAL -                          up to USD 15 million
6. Implementation
Implementation period is expected to be 18 months from 2001 to 2003.
Executing agencies. The executor of the Government's Housing Strategy is
the Ministry of Environmental Protection and Regional Development (MEPRD).
MEPRD will coordinate the development of the country's strategy with
respect to policy issues, institutional capacity building, public
education and training. The MEPRD will also be responsible for the
management and administration of the Danish TA, execution of a public
advisory and information campaign supported with Danish TA, as well as
coordinating the preparation of the larger Housing project that addresses
policy reform issues under preparation financed from a PHRD grant. The
Implementing Agency for this project will be the Technical Unit (TU) which
is currently under the Office of the Minister for Special Assignments for
Co-operation with International Financial Agencies. The TU, has extensive
experience from involvement in past and ongoing World Bank projects, will
be responsible for the administration and coordination of project
activities. Duties of the TU will be included in the Project Operations
Manual and will include: (a) leadership and implementation of project
components; (b) development of annual work plan and budget; (c) monitoring
and reporting on project activities, including maintaining direct contact
with participating banks and coordinating with the MEPRD's public
information activities; (d) organization of training sessions and
development of manuals on the proposed financial instruments; and (e)
management of funds, accounting, internal controls and reporting to the
Government of Latvia and the WB. The TU will operate as an autonomous
body under the supervision of the Government, and its pricing and
financial decisions will be dictated by financial soundness and
consistency with the Government of Latvia's regulations governing the
provision of such guarantees. The TU will carry out an evaluation of the
potential participating financial institutions and preparation of the
recommendations for their approval by the TU Committee and "no-objection"
by the World Bank. The TU will have the mandate to sign "umbrella"
guarantee agreements with approved PFIs. It will also carry out review of
the sub-loans issued by the PFIs to be guaranteed by the TU under the
"umbrella" guarantee agreement in accordance with the procedure specified
in the Project Operations Manual. The Project Operations Manual will be
officially approved by the appropriate Government authority and the World
Bank. For Component 4 foreclosure will be carried out by a legal firm
subcontracted by the TU. In the other components foreclosure will be
carried out by the PFIs. Project coordination. Co-ordination will take
place via the Inter-Ministerial Working Group for Establishment of
Mortgage Lending. The TU will be responsible for day-to-day operational
coordination of the project with the MEPRD, Ministry of Finance, Ministry
of Welfare, Minister for Special Assignments for Co-operation with the
International Financial Agencies and other related parties. For project
purposes a separate sub-group has been established under the Working Group
to discuss project-related issues as needed, and to inform different
institutions about progress and issues on a regular basis.
7. Sustainability
N/A
- 10 -



8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
N/A
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)      N
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :   N/A
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Robert M. Buckley
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending June 1, 2001.
- 11 -



