Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2252 IN
              (Industrial Pollution Control Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated July 8, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2252 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated July 8, 1991, between INDIA (the Borrower),
acting by its President, and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of Parts A, B.2, and C of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) to provide additional
assistance towards the financing of Parts B.1 and B.2 (a) of the
Project and by an agreement of even date herewith between the
Borrower and the Bank (the Loan Agreement), the Bank is agreeing to
provide such assistance in an aggregate principal amount equivalent
to one hundred twenty-four million dollars ($124,000,000) (the
Loan);
      (C)   Parts A and C.1 of the Project will be carried out by
the Borrower and Parts B.2 and C.2 of the Project will be carried
out by Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI as herein defined)
Page  2
with the assistance of the Borrower and, as part of such assistance,
the Borrower will make available to IDBI a part of the proceeds of
the Credit as provided herein;
      (D)   Part B.1 of the Project will be carried out by IDBI and
Industrial Credit and Investment Corporation of India Limited (ICICI
as herein described) with the Borrower's assistance and, as part of
such assistance, the Borrower will make available to IDBI and ICICI
the proceeds of the Loan as provided in the Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions, the Preamble to
this Agreement, and the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings
therein set forth and the following additional terms have the
following meanings:
      (a)   "CPCB" means the Central Pollution Control Board of the
Borrower and includes any successor or successors thereto;
      (b)   "Grant" means the grant provided by the Borrower to IDBI
pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) hereof;
      (c)   "Implementation Cell" means the Implementation Cell
established by the Borrower for the purposes of the Project;
      (d)   "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the Project, as such
agreement may be amended from time to time; and such term includes
the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements"
of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement,
and all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan Agreement;
      (e)   "LOU" means the Letter of Understanding to be obtained
by the Borrower from IDBI pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) hereof;
      (f)   "SPCB's" mean the State Pollution Control Boards of the
following States of the Borrower: the State of Gujarat, the State of
Maharashtra, the State of Tamil Nadu, and the State of Uttar
Pradesh;
      (g)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) hereof;
      (h)   "Steering Committee" means the Steering Committee
established by the Borrower for the purposes of the Project; and
      (i)   "Sub-grant", as the context permits, means a sub-grant
made or proposed to be made by IDBI out of the proceeds of the Grant
to an Investment Enterprise for an Investment Project.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
Page  3
equivalent to twenty-three million four hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 23,400,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A and B.2
(to be financed by Sub-grants) and C of the Project, open and
maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the Reserve Bank of
India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1998 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing August 15, 2001 and ending February 15, 2026. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 15,
2011 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
Page  4
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Parts A and C.1 of the Project
                   with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate administrative,
                   financial, and environmental practices and shall
                   provide, promptly as needed, the funds,
                   facilities, services and other resources
                   required for the Project; and
            (ii)   without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under this Agreement, the
                   Borrower shall cause IDBI to perform all its
                   obligations set forth in the LOU, shall take or
                   cause to be taken all actions, including the
                   provision of funds, facilities, services and
                   other resources, necessary or appropriate to
                   enable IDBI to perform such obligations, and
                   shall not take or permit to be taken any action
                   which would prevent or interfere with such
                   performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, to enable IDBI to carry out Parts
B.2 and C.2 of the Project, pass on a portion of the proceeds of the
Credit, agreed to by the Association, to IDBI as a grant on the
basis of a Letter of Understanding, satisfactory to the Association,
to be obtained by the Borrower from IDBI regarding the proposed
utilization of the grant funds;
      (c)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out Parts A and C.1 of the
Project and cause IDBI to carry out Parts B.2 and C.2 of the Project
in accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule
5 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain and cause to be
Page  5
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower and IDBI and other entities responsible for
carrying out the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
             (i)   have and cause to have the records and accounts
                   referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section
                   including those for the Special Account for each
                   fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish and cause to be furnished to the
                   Association, as soon as available, but in any
                   case not later than nine months after the end of
                   each such year, a certified copy of the report
                   of such audit by said auditors, of such scope
                   and in such detail as the Association shall have
                   reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish and cause to be furnished to the
                   Association such other information concerning
                   said records, accounts and the audit thereof as
                   the Association shall from time to time
                   reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain and cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such expen-
                   ditures;
           (ii)    retain and cause to be retained, until at least
                   one year after the Association has received the
                   audit report for the fiscal year in which the
                   last withdrawal from the Credit Account or
                   payment out of the Special Account was made, all
                   records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills,
                   receipts and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   IDBI shall have failed to perform any of its obligations
under the LOU.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
Page  6
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that IDBI will be
able to perform its obligations under the LOU.
      (c)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of CPCB or the SPCB's or for the suspension of their operations.
      (d)   The LOU shall have been amended, cancelled or terminated
or the Steering Committee or Implementation Cell shall have been
disbanded so as to affect materially and adversely the
implementation of the Project.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty
days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association
to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (c) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the LOU has been obtained from IDBI by the Borrower; and
      (b)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those related to the
effectiveness of this Agreement.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the LOU has been duly
executed by IDBI and is legally binding upon IDBI in accordance with
its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under the
provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 5.02 of this
Agreement shall cease and determine on the date on which the
Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on the date twenty
years after the date of this Agreement, whichever shall be the
earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Any Secretary, Additional Secretary, Joint
Secretary, Director, Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary of the
Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
Page  7
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                   New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         INDIA
                         By /s/ Anil Kumar
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Marianne Haug
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                              Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
     Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit and of the Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                      Amount           Amount
                      of the           of the
                      Credit            Loan            % of
                    Allocated         Allocated       Expendi-
                    (Expressed       (Expressed        tures
                      in SDR          in Dollar        to be
     Category       Equivalent)      Equivalent)      Financed
(1)(a)Equipment       6,400,000                       100% of
      under                                           foreign ex-
      Part A.1                                        penditures,
      and A.2                                         100% of local
      of the                                          expenditures
      Project                                         (ex-factory
                                                      cost) and 80%
                                                      of local ex-
                                                      penditures
                                                      for other
Page  8
                                                      items pro-
                                                      cured locally
   (b)Civil works       400,000                       90%
      (buildings)
      under Part A.2
      of the Project
   (c)Other civil       700,000                       90%
      works under
      Part A.2 of
      the Project
                      Amount           Amount
                      of the           of the
                      Credit            Loan            % of
                    Allocated         Allocated       Expendi-
                    (Expressed       (Expressed        tures
                      in SDR          in Dollar        to be
     Category       Equivalent)      Equivalent)      Financed
   (d)Consultants'    1,900,000                       100%
      services and
      training
      under
      Part A.3 of
      the Project
(2)(a)Equipment,                      100,000,000     100% of
      civil works,                                    foreign
      and con-                                        expenditures,
      sultants'                                       and 75% of
      services                                        local
      financed                                        expenditures
      by Sub-loans
      under Part B.1
      of the Project
   (b)Equipment,    11,800,000         24,000,000     100% of
      civil works,                                    foreign
      and consul-                                     expenditures,
      tants'                                          and 80% of
      Services                                        local
      financed by                                     expenditures
      Sub-loans
      and Sub-
      grants under
      Part B.2 of
      the Project
(3)(a)Consultants'    1,500,000                       100%
      services and
      training under
      Part C of the
      Project
                      Amount           Amount
                      of the           of the
                      Credit            Loan            % of
                    Allocated         Allocated       Expendi-
                    (Expressed       (Expressed        tures
                      in SDR          in Dollar        to be
     Category       Equivalent)      Equivalent)      Financed
   (b)Equipment         700,000                       100% of
      under                                           foreign
      Part C of the                                   expenditures,
      Project                                         100% of local
                                                      expenditures
                                                      (ex-factory
Page  9
                                                      cost) and 80%
                                                      of local
                                                      expenditures
                                                      for other
                                                      items
                                                      procured
                                                      locally
                     __________       ___________
    TOTAL            23,400,000       124,000,000
                     ==========       ===========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower; and
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, and (b) a Sub-loan
or Sub-grant unless the Sub-loan or Sub-grant has been made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in the Schedule to the Project Agreement.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (i) support the
Borrower's efforts to prevent and alleviate environmental
degradation caused by industrial operations, and (ii) assist the
Borrower in attaining the short- and medium-term targets of its
environmental policy.
      The Project consists of the following Parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development Component
      Strengthening of CPCB and SPCB's in order to enhance their
technical, institutional, monitoring and enforcement abilities
through:
1.    Acquisition of selected testing equipment;
2.    Provision, renovation and refurbishing of selected laboratory
facilities and office accommodations; and
3.    Training programs in technical and managerial skills aimed at
training in areas such as: (a) quality assurance and quality
control, (b) maintenance and operation training, (c) specialized
technical training, (d) supervisory training, and (e) project
formulation and management.
Part B:     Investment Component
1.    Undertaking of Investment Projects relating to the designing
and implementation of waste minimization, resource recovery and
pollution abatement schemes by individual enterprises in targeted
sectors.
2.    Undertaking of Investment Projects relating to:
      (a)   the setting up of common treatment facilities at
industrial estates and other sites with a heavy concentration of
Page  10
chemical industries, for the treatment and proper disposal of
liquid, gaseous and solid wastes, mainly by small scale industries;
carrying out of such studies as may be required for the location,
design, and implementation of the common treatment facilities; and
      (b)   the establishment of eligible demonstration projects
selected for targeted incentives due to the relatively small size of
the enterprises, the environmental problems associated with their
operations, and the potential demonstration effects of these
problems in encouraging similar investments and systems by other
industries.
Part C:     Technical Assistance Component
      Provision of specialized technical assistance, including
equipment, for the evaluation of environmental problems and
assessment of their solutions including:
1.    (a)   technical studies, including laboratory studies, to
assess the treatability of residues or waste streams, (b) pilot
plant studies required to scale up innovative treatment techno-
logies, (c) preparation of technical handbooks for environmental
housekeeping manuals at different industries, and (d) an insti-
tutional and organizational study of the SPCB's; and
2.    (a)   pre-investment studies for projects to be funded under
Part B of the Project, and (b) a training program on environmental
issues at IDBI and ICICI.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.   Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:      International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, equipment under Parts A
to C of the Project and civil works under Part B of the Project
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of
the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers and Contractors
1.    In the procurement of equipment in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A hereof, equipment manufactured in
India may be granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and
subject to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
2.    In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    (a)   Except as provided in sub-paragraph (b) hereof, items or
groups of items for equipment under Parts A and C of the Project,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less per contract,
up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $4,500,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
Page  11
      (b)   Items or groups of items for equipment under Parts A and
C of the Project, estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,800,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of
comparison of price quotations obtained from at least three
suppliers eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
2.    Civil works under Part A of the Project shall be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Association.
3.    Equipment and civil works under Part B of the Project,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $8,000,000 or less per contract,
may be procured at a reasonable price, account being taken also of
other relevant factors such as time of delivery and efficiency and
reliability of the equipment and availability of maintenance
facilities and spare parts therefor, and, in the case of civil
works, of their quality and the competence of the parties rendering
them.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for: (i) equipment under
Parts A and C of the Project, estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or more, (ii) civil works under Part A of the Project,
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or more, and (iii)
equipment and civil works under Part B of the Project, each
estimated to cost the equivalent of $8,000,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be
made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified
to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract required to
be furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of such
contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement or the Loan
Agreement, as the case may be.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist: (a) the Borrower in carrying out Parts A.3
and C.1 of the Project, and (b) IDBI in carrying out Parts B and C.2
of the Project, the Borrower shall employ and, where necessary,
cause IDBI to employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
and terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Association. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Association on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published by
the Bank in August 1981.
Page  12
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means the Categories (1),
(2) (b) in respect of Sub-grants, and (3) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A and C.1 of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $2,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the eligible Categories, and in the equivalent
amounts, as shall have been justified by said documents and other
evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
Page  13
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with
respect to the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the
amount of the Authorized Allocation. Thereafter, withdrawal from the
Credit Account of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project shall follow
such procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement,
including the General Conditions applicable thereto.
                            Schedule 5
                      Implementation Program
1.    The Borrower shall ensure that the SPCB's have adequate office
and laboratory facilities to properly operate and maintain equipment
supplied to them under the Project.
2.    The Borrower shall maintain the Steering Committee and
Implementation Cell and provide requisite assistance to them to
carry out their functions properly.
3.    (a)   The Borrower shall, by December 31, 1991, undertake and
complete a study, based on terms of reference developed in
consultation with the Association, on the organization and
management of SPCB's.
      (b)   The Borrower shall upon completion of the said study:
(i) furnish a copy thereof to the Association for its comments, (ii)
Page  14
discuss the results thereof with the Association, and (iii) periodi-
cally, upon request by the Association, discuss the progress in the
implementation of the recommendations made pursuant thereto.
4.    The Borrower shall periodically, upon request by the
Association, discuss the progress regarding changes in environmental
standards for industries from a concentration basis to a load basis,
with the Association.
