Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3576 ES
                          Loan Agreement
        (Agricultural Sector Reform and Investment Project)
                              between
                      REPUBLIC OF EL SALVADOR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                     Dated September 30, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3576 ES
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 30, 1993, between REPUBLIC OF EL
SALVADOR (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Bank to assist in the financing of
the Project; and
      (B)   the Bank has received a letter dated September 24, 1992
from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives and
policies designed to achieve a structural adjustment of the
Borrower's agricultural sector (hereinafter called the Program) and
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program;
      WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter alia, of the
foregoing, to extend the Loan to the Borrower upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Page  2
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications set forth below (the General Conditions) constitute an
integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted.
      (b)   In Section 6.02, sub-paragraph (k) is re-lettered as
sub-paragraph (l) and a new sub-paragraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)  An extraordinary situation shall have arisen under
      which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CDT" means any Centro de Desarrollo Tecnologico,
CENTA's (as defined below) center of technological development;
      (b)   "CENTA" means Centro Nacional de Tecnologia Agropecuaria
y Forestal, the Borrower's agricultural center established by the
CENTA Law (as defined below);
      (c)   "CENTA Law" means the Borrower's legislative decree
No. 462 published in the Official Gazette on March 8, 1993;
      (d)   "CENTA's Regulations" means the regulations to be issued
by CENTA, satisfactory to the Bank, establishing the system of
operating rules of CENTA, CENTA's divisional structure, standardized
procedures for personnel administration and financial management for
CENTA and an institutional communications staff plan, as amended
from time to time;
      (e)   "CENTA's Staff Decisions" means the staff decisions to
be adopted by CENTA pursuant to Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement
for the implementation of the MAG's Staff Rationalization Plan (as
defined below) as it applies to CENTA's staff;
      (f)   "CENTA Subproject" means Parts A.1 (b), A.4 (b), A.4 (c)
(ii), and B of the Project;
      (g)   "DSVA" means Direccion de Sanidad Vegetal y Animal, the
Borrower's directorate for plant and animal health;
      (h)   "IRA" means the Borrower's Instituto Regulador de
Abastecimientos, the Borrower's supply regulation institute;
      (i)   "MAG" means the Borrower's Ministry of Agriculture and
Livestock;
      (j)   "MAG's Regulations" means MAG's Ministerial Decree No.
912, dated September 24, 1992, MAG's Ministerial Order No. 2 dated
October 9, 1992 and MAG's Ministerial Orders Nos. 3 through 9, all
dated October 14, 1992, Ministerial Order No. 10, dated October 14,
1992 and Ministerial Decree No. 994, dated October 14, 1992,
establishing, respectively, the system of operating rules of MAG,
MAG's divisional structure, standardized procedures for personnel
administration and financial management for MAG, and an
institutional communications staff plan as amended from time to
time;
      (k)   "MAG's Staff Rationalization Plan" means a plan to
optimize the staffing and skill mix and pay and grade structures of
MAG's and CENTA's personnel, approved by the Borrower on October 14,
Page  3
1992 as amended on February 19, 1993;
      (l)   "NGO" means a non-governmental organization established
and operating in the Borrower's territory;
      (m)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to
the exchange of letters dated May 22, 1991 and June 4, 1991 between
the Borrower and the Bank;
      (n)   "San Salvador Metropolitan Area" means the area
comprising the following municipalities: Nueva San Salvador, Antiguo
Cuscatlan, San Marcos, Mejicanos, Ayutuxtepeque, Cuscatancingo,
Ciudad Delgado, Soyapango, Ilopango, San Martin, San Salvador,
Apopa, Nejapa, Santo Tomas and  Rosario de Mora;
      (o)   "Seed Certification and Production Plan" means the plan
of action for the transfer to DSVA of the seed certification
responsibilities of CENTA, and for the elimination of CENTA's
responsibilities for commercial seed production, which was furnished
to the Bank on October 7, 1992;
      (p)   "Seeds Law" means the Borrower's legislative decree No.
229 published in the Official Gazette on February 7, 1991;
      (q)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement; and
      (r)   "Subsidiary Agreement" means the agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and CENTA pursuant to Section 3.01 (b) of
this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, and
such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of forty million dollars ($40,000,000), being the sum of
withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal valued
by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from
the Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so
agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in its
Central Bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Bank shall, on
behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan Account and pay to
itself the amount required to repay the principal amount of the
Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of such
date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn balance
of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance shall
thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1999 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of 1%) per
Page  4
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period."
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter."
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year."
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  5
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project, through
MAG and with the assistance of CENTA in respect of the CENTA
Subproject, all with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering, economic
and environmental practices and standards, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make part of the proceeds of the Loan
available to CENTA under a subsidiary agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and CENTA, under terms and conditions which
shall have been approved by the Bank which shall include those set
forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests of
the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish the purposes of the
Loan, and, except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower
shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Agreement
or any provision thereof.
      (d)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project in
accordance with Project implementation and impact indicators
acceptable to the Bank.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. Without limitation to any of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   allocate in its annual budget, for the calendar years
1993 and 1994, and each calendar year thereafter, the following
minimum amounts for the financing of salaries and recurrent and
other costs of MAG and CENTA;
            (i)    $16,900,000 equivalent for calendar year 1993,
                   of which $8,000,000 equivalent shall be for
                   CENTA's salaries and operating costs budget; and
           (ii)    $21,600,000 equivalent for calendar year 1994
                   and each calendar year thereafter.
      (b)   (i) maintain in respect of MAG, and cause CENTA to
maintain: (A) an organizational structure satisfactory to the Bank;
and (B) key personnel positions detailed in such organizational
structures filled with personnel who shall have experience and
qualifications acceptable to the Bank; and (ii) consult with the
Bank with respect to any changes to MAG's or CENTA's organizational
structures and any replacement of key personnel positions prior to
any such change or replacement.
      Section 3.04. Without limitation to its obligations under
Article IX of the General Conditions, the Borrower shall:
      (a)   not later than one month before each of the annual
reviews referred to in paragraph (b) below and of the review
referred to in paragraph (c) below, furnish, or cause CENTA to
furnish in respect of the CENTA Subproject, to the Bank for its
approval, the operating plans for each part of the Project proposed
to be carried out during the following year, including as a part
thereof the corresponding budgets and the related Project
implementation and impact indicators, and specifying the extent of
compliance with the operating plans submitted the prior year, and
Page  6
implemented during that year;
      (b)   not later than September 30 in calendar years 1995,
1996, 1997 and 1998, review with the Bank its progress in the
implementation of the Project and the Program, and in meeting the
implementation and impact indicators referred to in Section 3.01 (d)
of this Agreement;
      (c)   not later than November 30 in calendar year 1994 review
with the Bank, in addition to the matters referred to in paragraph
(b) hereof, the effectiveness of the cooperation between CENTA and
each of the relevant NGOs in research and extension activities, the
twinning arrangements being carried out for purposes for Part B.3 of
the Project, and any natural resource research issues that may arise
during implementation of the Project; and
      (d)   if the results of any of the reviews referred to in
paragraphs (b) and (c) hereof are not satisfactory to the Bank: (i)
not later than sixty days after the respective review, furnish to
the Bank an action plan, satisfactory to the Bank, with the remedial
actions necessary to achieve the objectives of the Project and the
Program and to meet the implementation and impact indicators
referred to in Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement; and (ii) take or
cause CENTA to take, promptly, all remedial actions included in such
action plan.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall: (a) through its Executive
Branch: (i) not later than December 31, 1993, submit to its Congress
the draft organic law of MAG referred to in Part A.2 (b) of the
Project; and (ii) not later than three months after the date such
organic law is enacted, enact the regulations thereof; and (b) cause
CENTA to issue, not later than three months after the Effective
Date, the regulations of the CENTA Law.
      Section 3.06.  The Borrower shall: (a) carry out and cause
CENTA to carry out the Seed Certification and Production Plan; and
(b) unless otherwise agreed by the Bank, not modify, and cause CENTA
not to modify, such Plan.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall, not later than December 31,
1993 adopt, and cause CENTA to adopt, procedures satisfactory to the
Bank, for the selection of personnel eligible for training and for
human resources management.
                             ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain and cause CENTA
to maintain, in respect of the CENTA Subproject records and separate
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the operations, resources and expenditures in respect of
the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have and cause CENTA to have, the records and
                   accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of this
                   Section including those for the Special Account
                   for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish and cause CENTA to furnish, to the Bank,
                   as soon as available, but in any case not later
                   than four months after the end of each such
                   year, the report of such audit by said auditors,
                   of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                   shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)    furnish and cause CENTA to furnish, to the Bank,
Page  7
                   such other information concerning said records
                   and accounts and the audit thereof as the Bank
                   shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain and cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain and cause to be retained until at least
                   one year after the Bank has received the audit
                   report for the fiscal year in which the last
                   withdrawal from the Loan Account or payment out
                   of the Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
           (iv)    ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                       Remedies of the Bank
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   CENTA shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Subsidiary Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that CENTA will be able to perform
its obligations under the Subsidiary Agreement.
      (c)   The CENTA Law or the MAG's Staff Rationalization Plan or
the CENTA's Staff Decisions or the MAG's Regulations or the CENTA's
Regulations shall have been amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed
or waived so as to affect, in the Bank's opinion, materially and
adversely the ability of the Borrower to carry out the Project or of
CENTA to perform any of its obligations under the Subsidiary
Agreement.
      (d)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of CENTA or for the suspension of its operations.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (c) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by the Bank to
the Borrower; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (d) of Section 5.01 of
this Agreement shall occur.
Page  8
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement within the
meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Agreement has been executed on behalf of
the Borrower and CENTA; and
      (b)   CENTA's Staff Decisions have been issued by CENTA.
      Section 6.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (c) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Bank, namely, that the Subsidiary Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by the Borrower and CENTA and is
legally binding upon the Borrower and CENTA in accordance with its
terms.
      Section 6.03. The date December 30, 1993 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VII
             Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Planning and Coordination for
Social and Economic Development of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministerio de Planificacion y Coordinacion
              del Desarrollo Economico y Social
            Final 17 Av. Norte
            Costado Poniente CEL
            Centro de Gobierno
            San Salvador
            El Salvador, Centro America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MIPLAN                    30120245
                   Centro de Gobierno
                   San Salvador,
                   El Salvador
      With copy to:
            Ministry of Finance
            Avenida Alvarado
            Diagonal Centro Americana
            San Salvador
                                           Telex:
                                             3012064
            For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
Page  9
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF EL SALVADOR
                         By /s/ Mirna Lievano de Marques
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the allocation of the
amounts of the Loan to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(1) Goods:                                      100% of foreign
                                                expenditures,
    (a)  Vehicles             6,700,000         100% of local
                                                expenditures
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 90%
                                                of local
                                                expenditures for
                                                other items
                                                procured locally
    (b)  Other goods           3,200,000        90%
(2) Works                      5,700,000        90%
(3) Consultants'               6,000,000        100%
    Services
(4) Training                   6,100,000        100%
                             Amount of the
Page  10
                            Loan Allocated           % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category             Dollar Equivalent)    to be Financed
(5) Incremental                5,500,000        100% until with-
    Recurrent                                   drawals under this
    Expenditures                                Category have
                                                reached an aggre-
                                                gate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $1,700,000; there-
                                                after, 80% until
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an aggre-
                                                gate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $3,200,000; there-
                                                after, 60% until
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an aggre-
                                                gate amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $4,500,000; there-
                                                after, 40% until
                                                withdrawals have
                                                reached an amount
                                                equivalent to
                                                $5,000,000; and
                                                20% thereafter
(6) Refunding of               1,500,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project Prepara-                            suant to Section
    tion Advance                                2.02 (c) of this
                                                Agreement
(7) Unallocated                5,300,000
                              __________
         TOTAL                40,000,000
                              ==========
2.For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; and
      (c)   "Incremental Recurrent Expenditures" means the amount of
the total requirements for the financing of MAG's and CENTA's
recurrent expenditures in each year less the amounts allocated in
the Borrower's budget for such purposes in such year, or $1,700,000
whichever shall be higher, all calculated in a manner satisfactory
to the Bank.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $4,000,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after March 31, 1992;
      (b)   vehicles unless CENTA and MAG have respectively approved
rules, satisfactory to the Bank, for the provision of transport
services by each institution; and
      (c)   expenditures for the CENTA Subproject unless CENTA has
Page  11
issued the CENTA Regulations.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are: (a) to strengthen the
Borrower's agricultural sector; (b) to accelerate the generation of
more productive and environmentally sustainable agricultural
technology; and (c) to contribute to productivity improvements of
small and medium farmers.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Bank may agree upon
from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Reform and Institutional Development of MAG and CENTA
1.    Institutional Planning and Strategy:
      (a)   (i) Strengthening of MAG's capabilities in
organizational planning, personnel management and management
information systems; and (ii) training of MAG's staff in strategic
planning, management and legal matters.
      (b)   (i) Strengthening of CENTA's capabilities in
organizational planning, personnel management and management
information systems; and (ii) training of CENTA's staff in strategic
planning, management and legal matters.
2.    Legal Framework: Preparation of: (a) draft regulations for the
CENTA Law; (b) a draft organic law of MAG which would codify MAG's
new functional responsibilities and institutional structure and the
regulations for such organic law; (c) draft regulations for the
protection of the intellectual property rights of researchers
finding new cultivars; (d) draft modifications to the Seeds Law as
required to transfer the responsibilities for seed certification
from CENTA to DSVA; and (e) drafts of such other laws or regulations
which may be required to consolidate the institutional reforms of
MAG as the Bank may agree.
3.    Human Resource Management: Carrying out of the MAG's Staff
Rationalization Plan including, inter alia, technical training of
MAG's staff filling new or revised positions, and monitoring of
personnel data through a personnel data base.
4.     Administrative Procedures and Systems:
      (a) (i) Improvement of MAG's capabilities for generation and
dissemination of institutional information required to manage MAG;
and (ii) streamlining of MAG's systems and procedures including
those for financial management, personnel operations, procurement,
inventory and warehousing, vehicle management, auditing and mail and
documentation management.
      (b) (i) Improvement of CENTA's capabilities for generation and
dissemination of institutional information required to manage CENTA;
and (ii) streamlining of CENTA's systems and procedures including
those for financial management, personnel operations, procurement,
inventory and warehousing, vehicle management, auditing and mail and
documentation management.
      (c)   Training of: (i) MAG's and (ii) CENTA's staff in
management information systems and personal computers use.
5.    Internal Services Privatization:
      (a)   Training of MAG's staff affected by staff reductions
under the MAG Staff Rationalization Plan in alternative productive
activities.
      (b)   Privatization of sixteen of IRA's facilities or, in such
Page  12
cases as the Bank may agree, disposal of any such facilities.
6.    MAG's Infrastructure: Construction and furnishing of MAG's
headquarters in the San Salvador Metropolitan Area.
Part B:     Agricultural Research and Extension
1.    Agricultural Research:
      (a)   Research on basic grains, livestock and forages, fruits
and vegetables, fibers and oilseeds, and natural resources;
      (b) (i) rehabilitation and equipping of laboratories and other
structures of the CDT at San Andrews; and (ii) rehabilitation of
research stations at the following CDTs: Santa Cruz Porrillo, Izalco
and Morazan;
      (c)   equipping of CENTA's facilities for experimental testing
in research stations and in farmers' fields;
      (d)   equipping of CDT's offices and a laboratory, and
acquisition and utilization of the required inputs for its crops,
soils, plant pathology and forage laboratories;
      (e)   training of CENTA's staff in plant breeding, crop
agronomy, plant pathology, agricultural extension, crop management,
economics, statistics, and such other fields as the Bank may agree;
and
      (f)   training of CENTA's staff with practical courses in soil
fertility management, use of new crops cultivars, plant protection,
animal health and management, forage production, small-scale
irrigation, crop storage and marketing and farm planning.
2.    Extension
      (a)   Rehabilitation and equipping of about 64 of CENTA's
extension buildings used by its field staff including the vehicles,
and office and farm equipment required therefor;
      (b)   implementation of a "training and visit" agricultural
extension method; and
      (c)   training of NGO's staff, agricultural producers and
extension workers in agricultural technology, soil conservation and
natural resource management.
3.    Support Services for Agricultural Research and Extension
      (a)   Rehabilitation and equipping of CENTA's headquarters
building;
      (b)   training of CENTA's librarians;
      (c)   upgrading of CENTA's laboratory equipment, its
management and information systems and its library; and
      (d)   strengthening CENTA's support services capabilities in
communications, soil fertility, plant breeding, post-harvest
operations, bacteriology, plant pathology and computing.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                       Amortization Schedule
                                    Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due              (expressed in dollars)*
Page  13
November 1, 1998                          735,000
May 1, 1999                               765,000
November 1, 1999                          795,000
May 1, 2000                               825,000
November 1, 2000                          855,000
May 1, 2001                               890,000
November 1, 2001                          920,000
May 1, 2002                               955,000
November 1, 2002                          995,000
May 1, 2003                             1,030,000
November 1, 2003                        1,070,000
May 1, 2004                             1,110,000
November 1, 2004                        1,155,000
May 1, 2005                             1,195,000
November 1, 2005                        1,245,000
May 1, 2006                             1,290,000
November 1, 2006                        1,340,000
May 1, 2007                             1,390,000
November 1, 2007                        1,445,000
May 1, 2008                             1,500,000
November 1, 2008                        1,555,000
May 1, 2009                             1,615,000
November 1, 2009                        1,675,000
May 1, 2010                             1,740,000
November 1, 2010                        1,805,000
May 1, 2011                             1,875,000
November 1, 2011                        1,945,000
May 1, 2012                             2,020,000
November 1, 2012                        2,095,000
May 1, 2013                             2,170,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
                      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                         Premium
                                     The interest rate (expressed
                                     as a percentage per annum)
                                     applicable to the Loan on the
                                     day of prepayment multiplied
                                     by:
Not more than three years                       0.15
      before maturity
More than three years but                       0.30
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                         0.55
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                      0.80
      more than 16 years
      before maturity
More than 16 years but not                      0.90
      more than 18 years
      before maturity
Page  14
More than 18 years before                       1.00
      maturity
                        SCHEDULE 4
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
      Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods and works shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
addition of the following text at the end of paragraph 2.13 of the
Guidelines: "Bidding documents for fixed-price contracts should
provide that, when the contract award is delayed beyond the original
bid validity period, the bid price will be increased by two standard
correction factors acceptable to the Bank one to be applied to all
foreign currency components and the other to the local currency
component of the bid price. Such correction factor should not be
taken in account in bid evaluation.".
Part B:     Preference for Regional Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A hereof, a margin of preference may be granted to
bids offering goods described in the accompanying specification
which are manufactured to a substantial extent in any country,
including El Salvador, which is a party to the Mercado Comun
Centroamericano, the common market created by the General Treaty for
Central American Economic Integration signed at Managua, Nicaragua
on December 13, 1960 by Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua
and Costa Rica (hereinafter called the CACM), in accordance with,
and subject to, the following provisions:
1.    For the purposes of Part B of this Schedule, the following
definitions shall apply:
      (a)   (i)    the term "Qualified CACM Bid" means a bid
                   submitted by a manufacturer established in the
                   territories of member countries, including El
                   Salvador, of the CACM, for goods manufactured or
                   processed in such territories and for which the
                   bidders shall have established to the
                   satisfaction of the entity or agency inviting
                   bids that the manufacturing or processing cost
                   of such goods include a value added in such
                   territories equal to at least 20% of the ex-
                   factory bid price of such goods;
           (ii)    the term "non-Qualified CACM Bid" means a bid
                   submitted by a manufacturer established in the
                   territories of member countries, including El
                   Salvador, of the CACM, for goods manufactured or
                   processed in such territories, other than any
                   such bid classified as a Qualified CACM Bid; and
          (iii)    the term "Foreign Bid" means any bid which is
                   neither a Qualified CACM Bid or a Non-Qualified
                   CACM Bid.
2.    All bidding documents for the procurement of goods shall
clearly indicate any preference which would be granted and shall set
forth the information required to establish the eligibility of a bid
for such preference.
3.    Bidders are required to state in their bid the c.i.f. (port of
entry) price of imported goods and the ex-factory price of locally
manufactured goods.
Page  15
4.    Except to the extent hereinafter provided, bids will be
compared on the basis of their ex-factory or c.i.f. (port of entry)
price adjusted in accordance with paragraphs 2.49 through 2.54 of
the Guidelines.
5.    After evaluation, responsive bids will be classified in one of
the following groups: Qualified CACM Bids, Non-qualified CACM Bids
or Foreign Bids.
6.    All bids in each group will be first compared among
themselves, to determine the lowest evaluated bid in each such
group. The lowest evaluated bids of each group will then be compared
with each other and if, as a result of this comparison, an evaluated
Qualified CACM Bid or Non-Qualified CACM Bid is the lowest it will
be selected for purpose of award.
7.    If the lowest bid in the comparison under paragraph 6 above is
a Foreign Bid, all Foreign Bids will be further compared with the
lowest evaluated Qualified CACM Bid as determined under paragraph 6
above. For the purposes of this comparison only, each Foreign Bid
will be compared on the basis of the sum of its c.i.f. (port of
entry) price adjusted in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
4 above, plus an amount equal to the smaller of: (i) the difference
between the amount of customs duties and other import taxes which anon-exempt importer 
would have to pay for the importation of goods
offered in such Foreign Bid and that applicable to a Qualified CACM
Bid; or (ii) 15% of the c.i.f. bid price of such goods. If the
Qualified CACM Bid is the lowest evaluated bid in such comparison,
it shall be selected for the purpose of award; otherwise, the lowest
evaluated Foreign Bid as determined under paragraph 6 above shall be
so selected.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less per
contract and works estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or
less per contract up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $1,500,000
for goods and $2,600,000 for works, respectively, may be procured
under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding,
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $25,000 or less per
contract and works estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
less per contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to
$1,000,000 for goods and $300,000 for works, respectively, may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers and contractors,
respectively, eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Bank.
Part D:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to: (i) all contracts procured pursuant to
the provisions of Part A hereof and all contracts for works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $500,000 or more; and (ii) the
first two contracts procured pursuant to the provisions of Part C.1
hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such contract
are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the contract
required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2
(d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
Page  16
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, said procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals are to be
made on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II. Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ or cause CENTA to employ, consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such consultants shall
be selected in accordance with principles and procedures
satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use
of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981 (the
Consultants Guidelines).
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals, evaluation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $30,000
equivalent each.  However, this exception to prior Bank review or
approval requirements shall not apply to the terms of reference for
consultants, to the hiring of individuals, to single-source hiring
of firms, to assignments of a critical nature as reasonably
determined by the Bank and to amendments of contracts raising the
contract value to $30,000 equivalent or above.
                             SCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4) and (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $3,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Loan Account and
deposited in the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this
Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Page  17
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or amounts as
the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests for
                   deposits into the Special Account at such
                   intervals as the Bank shall specify.
           (ii)    Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the
                   documents and other evidence required pursuant
                   to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment
                   or payments in respect of which replenishment is
                   requested. On the basis of each such request,
                   the Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                   withdraw from the Loan Account and deposit into
                   the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                   shall have requested and as shall have been
                   shown by said documents and other evidence to
                   have been paid out of the Special Account for
                   eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the date
of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an expenditure
or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of this
Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to the
Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank: (A)
provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so request,
refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such payment or
the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless the Bank
shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into the
Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such
evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
Page  18
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be required to
cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the Borrower
shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the Bank such
outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Special
Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                           SCHEDULE 6
         Terms and Conditions of the Subsidiary Agreement
      The Subsidiary Agreement shall provide, inter alia, the
following rights and obligations:
      (a)   the Borrower's obligation to make available to CENTA as
a grant, part of the proceeds of the Loan, so as to enable CENTA to
assist the Borrower in the implementation of the CENTA Subproject;
      (b)   CENTA's obligations:
            (i)    to assist the Borrower in the implementation of
                   the CENTA Subproject with due diligence and
                   efficiency and in accordance with sound
                   administrative, financial, engineering, economic
                   and environmental practices and standards;
           (ii)    to maintain records and separate accounts
                   adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
                   accounting practices, the operations, resources
                   and expenditures in respect of the CENTA
                   Subproject;
          (iii)    to assist the Borrower in meeting its
                   obligations under Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 (b),
                   3.04, 3.05 (b), 3.06 and 3.07 of the Loan
                   Agreement;
      (c)   the requirement that: (i) the goods, works and services
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be procured in
accordance with Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement; and (ii) such
goods, works and services shall be used exclusively in the carrying
out of the CENTA Subproject;
      (d)   the right of the Borrower:
            (i)    to inspect, by itself, or jointly with
                   representatives of the Bank, if the Bank shall
                   so request, CENTA's facilities in respect of the
                   CENTA Subproject and any relevant records and
                   documents;
           (ii)    to obtain all such information as the Borrower
                   or the Bank shall reasonably request regarding
                   the foregoing, the administration, operations
                   and financial condition of the CENTA Subproject
                   and the benefits to be derived from it; and
          (iii)    to suspend or terminate the right of CENTA to
                   use the proceeds of the Loan upon failure by
                   CENTA to perform any of its obligations under
                   the Subsidiary Agreement.
Page  19
