Page  1
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                                     (Second Amendment)
               Second Agreement Amending
             Development Credit Agreement
          (Public Sector Adjustment Project)
                        between
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated January 22, 1990
                     DEVELOPMENT CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                                     (Second Amendment)
               SECOND AGREEMENT AMENDING
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 22, 1990, between
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR (the Borrower) and
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have
entered into a Development Credit Agreement (Public
Sector Adjustment Credit), dated July 18, 1988 (the
Development Credit Agreement), for the purpose of
assisting in the financing of the program referred to in
Recital (A) of the Preamble to the Development Credit
Agreement (the Program);
     (B)  the Borrower and the Association have entered
into an agreement dated April 6, 1989 (First Amending
Agreement) amending the Development Credit Agreement for
the purpose of providing the Borrower with additional
assistance in the financing of the Program; and
     (C)  the Borrower has requested the Association to
provide further additional assistance towards the
financing of the Program by increasing the amount made
available under the Development Credit Agreement by an
amount in various currencies equivalent to nine hundred
thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 900,000).
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional
assistance to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
Page  2
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
             Amendments of the Development
                   Credit Agreement
     Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by deleting the "and" at the end of
Subsection (c), by deleting the "." at the end of
Subsection (d) and the substitution thereof by ";and" and
adding a new Subsection (e) as follows:
          "(e) 'Second Amending Agreement' means the
     Agreement Amending the Development Credit Agreement
     (Public Sector Adjustment Credit) between the
     Borrower and the Association, dated July 18, 1988,
     as amended."
     Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
          "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend
     to the Borrower, on the terms and conditions set
     forth or referred to in the Development Credit
     Agreement, an amount in various currencies
     equivalent to ninety-two million five hundred
     thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 92,500,000)
     (the Credit) , which includes an original amount in
     various currencies equivalent to ninety million
     five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
     90,500,000), and two additional amounts in various
     currencies equivalent, respectively, to one million
     one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
     1,100,000) (the First Additional Financing) and
     nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Right (SDR
     900,000) (the Second Additional Financing)."
     Section 1.03. A proviso is added at the end of
Section 2.04 (b) of the Development Credit Agreement
reading as follows:
          "; provided, however, that any commitment
     charge on the First Additional Financing shall
     accrue from June 5, 1989 and that any commitment
     charge on the Second Additional Financing shall
     accrue from a date sixty days after the date of the
     Second Amending Agreement."
     Section 1.04. Paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement is amended by: (i)
substituting "SDR 25,300,000' set forth in subparagraph
A (i) by "SDR 27,300,000"; and (ii) substituting "SDR
50,600,000" set forth in subparagraph B (i) by "SDR
52,600,000".
     Section 1.05. Paragraph (5) of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement is amended as follows:
          "5. After April 6, 1990, no withdrawals shall
     be made and no commitment shall be entered into to
     pay amounts or on the order of the Borrower in
     respect of expenditures to be financed out of the
     proceeds of the First Additional Financing. At any
     time after such date, the Association may, by
     notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn
     amount of the First Additional Financing from the
     Credit Account or any part thereof."
     Section 1.06. The following paragraph is added at
Page  3
the end of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement:
          "6. After a date twelve months from the date
     of the Second Amending Agreement, no withdrawals
     shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
     into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
     Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed
     out of the proceeds of the Second Additional
     Financing. At any time after such date, the
     Association may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel
     the unwithdrawn amount of the Second Additional
     Financing from the Credit Account or any part
     thereof."
                      ARTICLE II
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 2.01. This Amending Agreement shall not
become effective until evidence satisfactory to the
Association shall have been furnished to the Association
that the execution and delivery of this Amending
Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly
authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental
action.
     Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be
furnished pursuant to Section 2.01 of this Amending
Agreement, there shall be furnished to the Association an
opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association of
counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf
of the Borrower, that this Amending Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and
delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
     Section 2.03. This Amending Agreement shall come
into force and effect on the date upon which the
Association dispatches to the Borrower notice of its
acceptance of the evidence required by Section 2.01 of
this Amending Agreement.
     Section 2.04. If this Amending Agreement shall not
have come into force and effect by a date ninety (90)
days after the date of this Amending Agreement, this
Amending Agreement and all obligations of the parties
hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association
establishes a later date for the purposes of this
Section. If this Amending Agreement shall terminate under
the provisions of this Section, the Development Credit
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, as if
this Amending Agreement had not been executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Amending Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
               By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                              Authorized Representative
Page  4
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Paul Isenman
                         Acting Regional Vice-President
                                                 Africa
