Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                                                (Fourth Amendment)
                 (Public Sector Adjustment Credit)
                              between
                 DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated January 13, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                                                (Fourth Amendment)
                     FOURTH AGREEMENT AMENDING
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 13, 1992, between DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
OF MADAGASCAR (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIA-
TION (the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have entered into
a Development Credit Agreement (Public Sector Adjustment Credit),
dated July 18, 1988 (the Development Credit Agreement), for the
purpose of assisting in the financing of imports needed during the
execution of the program referred to in Recital (A) of the Preamble
to the Development Credit Agreement (the Program);
      (B)   the Borrower and the Association have entered into an
agreement dated April 6, 1989 (First Amending Agreement), an
agreement dated January 22, 1990 (Second Amending Agreement) and an
agreement dated December 14, 1990 (Third Amending Agreement)
amending the Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of
Page  2
providing the Borrower with additional assistance in support of the
Program;
      (C)   the Borrower has requested the Association to provide
further additional assistance towards support of the Program by
increasing the amount made available under the Development Credit
Agreement, as amended, by an amount in various currencies equivalent
to one million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 1,000,000).
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to provide such additional assistance to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                   Amendments of the Development
                         Credit Agreement
      Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended by deleting the "and" at the end of Subsection (e), by
deleting the "." at the end of Subsection (f) and the substitution
thereof by "; and" and adding a new Subsection (g) as follows:
     "(g) 'Fourth Amending Agreement' means the Agreement
      Amending the Development Credit Agreement (Public Sector
      Adjustment Credit) between the Borrower and the Association,
      dated July 18, 1988, as amended."
      Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit Agreement
is amended to read as follows:
            "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the
      Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
      in the Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various
      currencies equivalent to ninety-four million seven hundred
      thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 94,700,000) (the Credit),
      which includes an original amount in various currencies
      equivalent to ninety million five hundred thousand Special
      Drawing Rights (SDR 90,500,000), and four additional amounts
      in various currencies equivalent, respectively, to one million
      one hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR 1,100,000)
      (the First Additional Financing), nine hundred thousand
      Special Drawing Rights (SDR 900,000) (the Second Additional
      Financing), one million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
      Rights (SDR 1,200,000) (the Third Additional Financing) and
      one million Special Drawing Rights (SDR 1,000,000) (the Fourth
      Additional Financing)."
      Section 1.03. The proviso at the end of Section 2.04 (b) of
the Development Credit Agreement is amended to read as follows:
            "; and provided, however, that any commitment charge on
      the First Additional Financing shall accrue from June 5, 1989,
      that any commitment charge on the Second Additional Financing
      shall accrue from March 21, 1990, that any commitment charge
      on the Third Additional Financing shall accrue from
      February 13, 1990, and that any commitment charge on the
      Fourth Additional Financing shall accrue from a date sixty
      days after the date of the Fourth Amending Agreement."
      Section 1.04. Paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement is amended by substituting "SDR 60,700,000" set
forth in subparagraph B (i) by "SDR 61,700,000".
Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at the end of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement:
            "8. After a date twelve months from the date of the
      Fourth Amending Agreement, no withdrawals shall be made and no
      commitment shall be entered into to pay amounts to or on the
Page  3
      order of the Borrower in respect of expenditures to be
      financed out of the proceeds of the Fourth Additional Financ-
      ing. At any time after such date, the Association may, by
      notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the
      Fourth Additional Financing from the Credit Account or any
      part thereof."
                            ARTICLE II
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 2.01. This Fourth Amending Agreement shall not become
effective until evidence satisfactory to the Association shall have
been furnished to the Association that the execution and delivery of
this Fourth Amending Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been
duly authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental action.
      Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be furnished pursuant
to Section 2.01 of this Fourth Amending Agreement, there shall be
furnished to the Association an opinion or opinions satisfactory to
the Association of counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on
behalf of the Borrower, that this Fourth Amending Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf
of, the Borrower and is legally binding upon the Borrower in
accordance with its terms.
      Section 2.03. This Fourth Amending Agreement shall come into
force and effect on the date upon which the Association dispatches
to the Borrower notice of its acceptance of the evidence required by
Section 2.01 of this Fourth Amending Agreement.
      Section 2.04. If this Fourth Amending Agreement shall not have
come into force and effect by a date ninety (90) days after the date
of this Fourth Amending Agreement, this Fourth Amending Agreement
and all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate, unless
the Association establishes a later date for the purposes of this
Section. If this Fourth Amending Agreement shall terminate under the
provisions of this Section, the Development Credit Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect, as if this Fourth Amending
Agreement had not been executed.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Fourth Amending
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                  DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                  By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Francisco J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
