Page  1
                                   AGREEMENT RELATED TO
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                       Agreement
                          for
          the Administration of Certain Funds
              to be made available by the
          GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                  in Conjunction with
            Public Sector Adjustment Credit
                        in the
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                Dated December 14, 1988
            AGREEMENT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                       AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated December 14, 1988, between the
GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY (Norway) and the
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association)
to provide for the administration, by the Association, of
certain funds to be made available by Norway to the
Democratic Republic of Madagascar (Madagascar).
     WHEREAS: (A) the agreement, dated October 2, 1986,
between the Kingdom of Norway, the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Development, and the International
Development Association provides the framework for
cofinancing of development projects by the parties
thereto;
     (B)  Norway wishes to make available to Madagascar
a grant not exceeding twenty million Norwegian kroner
(NKr 20,000,000) (the Grant) to assist Madagascar in
financing the imports needed during the execution of the
program of actions, objectives and policies designed to
improve the efficiency of the public and financial sector
(the Program) referred to in the Development Credit
Agreement (Credit Number 1941 MAG), dated July 18, 1988,
between Madagascar and the Association (the Development
Credit Agreement);
     (C)  Norway wishes that the proceeds of the Grant
should be incremental to the Development Credit, extended
for the same purposes by the Association pursuant to the
Development Credit Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
Page  2
inter alia, of the foregoing, to administer the Grant
upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
     Section 1.01. The Association, as Administrator on
behalf of Norway, shall enter into such agreement or
agreements with Madagascar, as it may deem appropriate
but consistent with the terms and conditions of the
Development Credit Agreement (excluding the debt service
provisions thereof) for the purpose of assisting in the
financing of the Program. Such agreements with Madagascar
shall, inter alia, provide that: (a) the proceeds of the
Grant may be withdrawn by Madagascar to finance the
reasonable costs of goods required during the execution
of the Program in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement; and (b)
the amounts to be withdrawn need not be repaid and shall
bear no interest or other charges. A copy of each such
agreement shall be furnished by the Association to
Norway.
     Section 1.02. The Association, as Administrator on
behalf of Norway, shall have the sole responsibility for
the supervision of the Program.
     Section 1.03. The administration and enforcement of
any provisions of any agreement entered into between
Madagascar and the Association, for the purposes of this
Agreement, shall be handled solely by the Association,
and the Association specifically reserves the right, at
its discretion and without notice to Norway, to exercise,
refrain from exercising or waive any rights under such
agreement or to modify any provision thereof, provided,
however, that, before suspending the right of Madagascar
to make withdrawals of funds under such agreement, the
Association shall inform Norway and afford Norway a
reasonable opportunity for consultation with the
Association.
     Section 1.04. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions under this
Agreement as it exercises with respect to the
administration and management of its own affairs and
shall have no further responsibility to Norway in respect
thereof.
                      ARTICLE II
     Section 2.01. (a) For the purpose of this Agreement,
Norway shall deposit an amount of twenty million
Norwegian kroner (NKr 20,000,000) in one tranche in a
general account with Norges Bank in the name of the
Association (the T-Account).
     (b)  The funds in the T-Account shall be freely
exchangeable by the Association with other currencies as
may facilitate their administration.
     Section 2.02. The Association shall disburse from
the T-Account such amounts as from time to time shall be
needed to meet the reasonable costs of goods financed, or
to be financed, pursuant to Section 1.01 of this
Agreement. Such disbursement shall be effected on the
basis of withdrawal applications for eligible
expenditures submitted by Madagascar to the Association,
in accordance with the Association's normal procedures
for withdrawal of proceeds of credits made by the
Association.
Page  3
     Section 2.03. In order to assist in defraying the
costs of administration and other expenses incurred by
the Association under this Agreement, the Association may
invest and reinvest the funds in the T-Account, pending
their disbursement to Madagascar, and may retain for its
own account the income from any such investment or
reinvestment.
                      ARTICLE III
     Section 3.01. (a) The Association shall: (i)
maintain separate records and accounts in respect of the
funds in the T-Account disbursed by the Association
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement; and (ii)
semiannually, promptly after the end of each calendar
year and after June 30, furnish to Norway a statement of
account on such records and accounts.
     (b)  Promptly after all funds made available under
this Agreement have been disbursed from the T-Account to
Madagascar, or upon termination of this Agreement, the
Association shall cause such records and accounts to be
audited and certified by the Association's external
auditors and shall furnish the report of such audit by
said auditors to Norway.
                      ARTICLE IV
     Section 4.01. Norway and the Association shall
consult from time to time at the request of each other on
all matters arising out of this Agreement.
     Section 4.02. The Association shall keep Norway
informed of the progress of the Program. To that end, the
Association shall furnish to Norway all relevant
progress, performance and assessment reports relating to
the Program.
     Section 4.03. The Association shall inform Norway of
any forthcoming major missions and meetings in connection
with the Program and shall afford representatives of
Norway the opportunity to participate in such missions
and meetings.
     Section 4.04. The Association shall inform Norway of
any proposed significant modification to the Development
Credit Agreement and shall afford Norway a reasonable
opportunity to exchange views with the Association before
effecting any such modification.
                       ARTICLE V
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date first above written and, subject to the
provisions of this Article, shall continue in effect
until all funds made available under this Agreement have
been disbursed from the T-Account to Madagascar.
     Section 5.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of this Agreement can no longer
effectively or appropriately be carried out, this
Agreement may be terminated at the initiative of such
party on ninety (90) days' notice in writing.
     Section 5.03. Upon termination of this Agreement,
unless the parties agree on another course of action, any
agreement or portion thereof entered into by the
Association, as Administrator on behalf of Norway, shall
be transferred to Norway, and any funds or other property
of Norway held hereunder by the Association shall be
returned to Norway, and the Association's administration
Page  4
shall be considered terminated.
     Section 5.04. Promptly after all funds made
available under this Agreement have been disbursed from
the T-Account to Madagascar, or upon termination of this
Agreement, the Association shall furnish to Norway a
final report and a financial statement on the funds
disbursed by the Association from the T-Account pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement, together with the
auditor's report referred to in Section 3.01 (b) of this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE VI
     Section 6.01. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 6.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand, mail, telegram, cable or
telex to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other addresses as such party shall
have designated by notice to the party giving such notice
or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For Norway:
          The Royal Ministry of Development Cooperation
          P.O. Box 8142, Oslo Dep.
          0033 Oslo 1
          Norway
          Cable address:                Telex:
               NORAD-N                  74256 NORAD-N
               Oslo
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address            Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned duly authorized
thereto, have signed this Agreement.
               GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
               By /s/ Kjell Eliassen
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  5
               By /s/ Silvio Capaluongo
                                        Acting Director
              South-Central and Indian Ocean Department
