Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                                      (Fifth Amendment)
               Fifth Agreement Amending
             Development Credit Agreement
           (Public Sector Adjustment Credit)
                        between
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                Dated January 21, 1993
                                 CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
                                      (Fifth Amendment)
               FIFTH AGREEMENT AMENDING
             DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated January 21, 1993, between
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR (the Borrower) and
INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the Association have
entered into a Development Credit Agreement (Public
Sector Adjustment Credit), dated July 18, 1988 (the
Development Credit Agreement), for the purpose of
assisting in the financing of imports needed during the
execution of the program referred to in Recital (A) of
the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement (the
Program);
     (B)  the Borrower and the Association have entered
into an agreement dated April 6, 1989 (First Amending
Agreement), an agreement dated January 22, 1990 (Second
Amending Agreement), an agreement dated December 14, 1990
(Third Amending Agreement) and an agreement dated January
13, 1992 (Fourth Amending Agreement) amending the
Development Credit Agreement for the purpose of providing
Page  2
the Borrower with additional assistance in support of the
Program;
     (C)  the Borrower has requested the Association to
provide further additional assistance towards support of
the Program by increasing the amount made available under
the Development Credit Agreement, as amended, by an
amount in various currencies equi-valent to nine hundred
ninety thousand Special Drawing Rights     (SDR 990,000);
and
     WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to provide such additional
assistance to the Borrower upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
             Amendments of the Development
                   Credit Agreement
     Section 1.01. Section 1.02 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended by deleting the "and" at the end of
Subsection (f), by deleting the "." at the end of
Subsection (g) and the substitution thereof by "; and"
and adding a new Subsection (h) as follows:
          "(h) 'Fifth Amending Agreement' means the
     Agreement Amending the Development Credit Agreement
     (Public Sector Adjustment Credit) between the
     Borrower and the Association, dated July 18, 1988,
     as amended."
     Section 1.02. Section 2.01 of the Development Credit
Agreement is amended to read as follows:
          "Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend
     to the Borrower, on the terms and conditions set
     forth or referred to in the Development Credit
     Agreement, an amount in various currencies
     equivalent to ninety-five million six hundred
     ninety thousand Special Drawing Rights
     (SDR 95,690,000) (the Credit), which includes an
     original amount in various currencies equivalent to
     ninety million five hundred thousand Special
     Drawing Rights (SDR 90,500,000), and five
     additional amounts in various currencies
     equivalent, respectively, to one million one
     hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
     (SDR 1,100,000) (the First Additional Financing),
     nine hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
     (SDR 900,000) (the Second Additional Financing),
     one million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
     Rights (SDR 1,200,000) (the Third Additional
     Financing), one million Special Drawing Rights (SDR
     1,000,000) (the Fourth Additional Financing) and
     nine hundred ninety thousand Special Drawing Rights
     (SDR 990,000) (the Fifth Additional Financing)."
     Section 1.03. The proviso at the end of Section 2.04
(b) of the Development Credit Agreement is amended to
read as follows:
          "; and provided, however, that any commitment
     charge on the First Additional Financing shall
     accrue from June 5, 1989, that any commitment
     charge on the Second Additional Financing shall
     accrue from March 21, 1990, that any commitment
     charge on the Third Additional Financing shall
Page  3
     accrue from February 13, 1990, that any commitment
     charge on the Fourth Additional Financing shall
     accrue from March 12, 1992, and that any commitment
     charge on the Fifth Additional Financing shall
     accrue from a date sixty days after the date of the
     Fifth Amending Agreement."
     Section 1.04. Paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to the
Development Credit Agreement is amended by substituting
"SDR 61,700,000" set forth in subparagraph B (i) by
"SDR 62,690,000".
     Section 1.05. The following paragraph is added at
the end of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit
Agreement:
          "9. After a date twelve months from the date
     of the Fifth Amending Agreement, no withdrawals
     shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
     into to pay amounts to or on the order of the
     Borrower in respect of expenditures to be financed
     out of the proceeds of the Fifth Additional Financ-
     ing. At any time after such date, the Association
     may, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the
     unwithdrawn amount of the Fifth Additional
     Financing from the Credit Account or any part
     thereof."
                      ARTICLE II
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 2.01. This Fifth Amending Agreement shall
not become effective until evidence satisfactory to the
Association shall have been furnished to the Association
that the execution and delivery of this Fifth Amending
Agreement on behalf of the Borrower have been duly
authorized or ratified by all necessary governmental
action.
     Section 2.02. As part of the evidence to be
furnished pursuant to Section 2.01 of this Fifth Amending
Agreement, there shall be furnished to the Association an
opinion or opinions satisfactory to the Association of
counsel acceptable to the Association showing, on behalf
of the Borrower, that this Fifth Amending Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by, and executed and
delivered on behalf of, the Borrower and is legally
binding upon the Borrower in accordance with its terms.
     Section 2.03. This Fifth Amending Agreement shall
come into force and effect on the date upon which the
Association dispatches to the Borrower notice of its
acceptance of the evidence required by Section 2.01 of
this Fifth Amending Agreement.
     Section 2.04. If this Fifth Amending Agreement shall
not have come into force and effect by a date ninety (90)
days after the date of this Fifth Amending Agreement,
this Fifth Amending Agreement and all obligations of the
parties hereunder shall terminate, unless the Association
establishes a later date for the purposes of this
Section. If this Fifth Amending Agreement shall terminate
under the provisions of this Section, the Development
Credit Agreement shall continue in full force and effect,
as if this Fifth Amending Agreement had not been
executed.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Fifth Amending Agreement to be signed in
their respective names in the District of Columbia,
Page  4
United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
               By /s/ Pierrot Rajaonarivelo
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Francisco J. Aquirre-Sacasa
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
