Page  1
                                NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED
                              TO CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
               Norwegian Grant Agreement
              (Public Sector Adjustment)
                        between
           DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
            as Administrator of development
                 aid funds provided by
                 The Kingdom of Norway
                  Dated May 31, 1989
      NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 1941 MAG
               NORWEGIAN GRANT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated May 31, 1989, between DEMOCRATIC
REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR (Madagascar) and INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION acting as Administrator (the
Administrator) of the Grant (as hereinafter defined)
provided by The Kingdom of Norway (Norway).
     WHEREAS Madagascar has requested the assistance of
the International Development Association (the
Association) and Norway in the financing of the imports
needed during the execution of the program of actions,
objectives, and policies designed to improve the
efficiency of the public and financial sector (the
Program) referred to in the Development Credit Agreement
(Credit No. 1941 MAG) dated July 18, 1988, between the
Democratic Republic of Madagascar and the Association;
     WHEREAS the Association has extended a Credit for
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in the
above-mentioned Development Credit Agreement, and Norway
has authorized the Administrator to extend to Madagascar
for the same purpose a grant out of Norway's development
aid funds (the Grant) to assist Madagascar on the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth;
     WHEREAS by an agreement, dated December 15, 1988,
between Norway and the Association (the Administration
Agreement), Norway has requested the Association, and the
Association has accepted, to administer the Grant in
Page  2
accordance with the provisions of that agreement;
     WHEREAS Madagascar acknowledges that the financial
assistance extended to Madagascar under this Agreement
shall be considered as part of the bilateral development
aid extended by Norway to Madagascar; and
     WHEREAS the Administrator has agreed, on the basis,
inter alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Grant to
Madagascar in support of the Project, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows.
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below
(the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
     (a)  the term "Association", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the International Development
Association acting as Administrator of the Grant pursuant
to the Administration Agreement, except in the provisions
"member(s) of the Association" occurring in Sections 2.01
(5), 4.02 (b) and 6.02 (e);
     (b)  the term "Borrower", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means Madagascar;
     (c)  the term 'Development Credit Agreement",
whenever used in the General Conditions, means this
Agreement;
     (d)  the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Grant extended to Madagascar under
this Agreement;
     (e)  the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the
General Conditions, means the T-Account opened by the
Administrator in its books in the name of Madagascar to
which the amount of the Norwegian Grant is credited;
     (f)  Section 2.01, paragraph 9, shall be modified to
read:
          "'Project' means the imports and other
     activities that may be financed out of the proceeds
     of the Credit pursuant to the provisions of
     Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement.";
     (g)  in Section 6.02 the term "Association" shall
also include the International Development Association
acting in its own capacity;
     (h)  Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
          "(c) Not later than six months after the
     Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed
     for this purpose between the Borrower and the
     Association, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
     to the Association a report, of such scope and in
     such detail as the Association shall reasonably
     request, on the execution of the Program referred
     to in the Preamble to the Development Credit
     Agreement, the performance by the Borrower and the
Page  3
     Association of their respective obligations under
     the Development Credit Agreement and the
     accomplishment of the purposes of the Credit.";
     (i)  in Section 9.06 (c) the term "Closing Date"
means the closing date set forth in Section 2.03 of the
Development Credit Agreement; and
     (j)  Sections 3,02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02,
4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02, and 12.05
are deleted.
     Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement,
unless the context otherwise requires, the several terms
defined in the General Conditions, in the Preamble to
this Agreement and in the Development Credit Agreement
have the respective meanings therein set forth and the
following additional terms have the following meanings:.
     (a)  "Development Credit Agreement" means the
agreement, dated July 18, 1988, between the Democratic
Republic of Madagascar and the Association for the
Project, as such agreement may be amended from time to
time; and such term includes the "General Conditions
Applicable to Development Credit Agreements" of the
Association, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such
agreement, and all schedules and agreements supplemental
to the Development Credit Agreement; and
     (b)  "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" mean the currency
of Norway.
     Section 1.03. In all Articles and Sections of the
Development Credit Agreement explicitly incorporated into
this Agreement, the references to the "Borrower", the
"Association", the "Credit", the "Credit Account", and
the "Special Account" shall be deemed to be references to
Madagascar, the Administrator, the Grant, and the T-
Account.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Grant
     Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to
Madagascar, on the terms and conditions herein set forth
or referred to, a grant in an amount of twenty million
Norwegian Kroner (NOK 20,000,000), or such other amount
as shall have been made available by Norway to the
Administrator for this purpose pursuant to the
Administration Agreement.
     Section 2.02. The amount of the Grant may be
withdrawn from the T-Account for expenditures made (or if
the Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect
of the reasonable cost of the services required for the
Project in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1
of the Development Credit Agreement, provided however
that paragraphs 2 (h) and 3 of Schedule 1 of the
Development Credit Agreement shall not apply and that no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of foodstuffs and
petroleum products.
                      ARTICLE III
       Execution of the Project; Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. Article III and Section 4.01 of the
Development Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated into
this Agreement with the same force and effect as if they
were fully set forth herein.
Page  4
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness; Termination;
          Transfer of Rights and Obligations
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
as of the date first above written and shall continue in
effect until the Norwegian Grant has been fully disbursed
and the parties to this Agreement have fulfilled their
obligations under this Agreement.
     Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the parties thereunder shall terminate on the date,
following the final disbursement under this Agreement, on
which Madagascar shall have fulfilled all its obligations
under this Agreement.
     Section 4.03. In accordance with the Administration
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to
Norway. Madagascar accepts and agrees that, upon notice
by the Administrator to Madagascar to that effect, Norway
shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such
notice, be substituted in all rights and obligations of
the Administrator under this Agreement as if Norway has
been an original party to this Agreement, without any
further action or formality required on the part of any
party, and from such date the Administrator shall cease
to have any rights or obligations as a party under this
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
        Representative of Madagascar; Addresses
     Section 5.01. The Minister of Madagascar responsible
for Finance is designated as representative of Madagascar
for the purpose of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 5.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For Madagascar:
          Ministere aupres de la Presidence
               de la Republique charge des
               Finances et de l'Economie
          Antananarivo
          Madagascar
          Cable address:                Telex:
               MINFIN                   224889
               Antananarivo
     For the Administrator:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.              248423 (RCA)
or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
Page  5
through their representatives thereunto duly authorized,
have caused this Agreement to be signed in their
respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above
written.
               DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR
               By /s/ Jean Rene Tsiangalara
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               as Administrator of development aid funds
               provided by The Kingdom of Norway
               By /s/ Paul Isenman
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
