Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3077 TU
                         Project Agreement
                      (Agroindustry Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                                and
                  TURKIYE SINAI KALKINMA BANKASI
                   Dated as of December 30, 1992
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3077 TU
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated as of December 30, 1992, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and
TURKIYE SINAI KALKINMA BANKASI (TSKB).
      WHEREAS (A) by a loan agreement, dated June 28, 1989, as
amended as of the date of this Agreement (the Loan Agreement),
between the Republic of Turkey (the Borrower) and the Bank, the Bank
has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred fifty million dollars
($150,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that TSKB agree to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and TSKB, part of the proceeds of the loan
provided for under the Loan Agreement will be made available to TSKB
on the terms and conditions set forth in said subsidiary loan
agreement; and
      WHEREAS TSKB, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake the
Page  2
obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the Preamble to this
Agreement and the General Conditions (as so defined) have the
respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                Execution of Part A of the Project;
                 Management and Operations of TSKB
      Section 2.01. TSKB declares its commitment to the objectives
of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
and, to this end, shall carry out its respective activities under
Part A of the Project and conduct its operations and affairs, in
accordance with sound financial standards and practices, with
qualified and experienced management and in accordance with its
Statutes and Statement of Policy.
      Section 2.02. (a) TSKB undertakes that, unless the Borrower
and the Bank shall otherwise agree, Sub-loans will be made in
accordance with the procedures and on the terms and conditions set
forth or referred to in Schedule 4 to the Loan Agreement.
      (b)   TSKB shall exercise its right in relation to the
Investment Projects in such manner as to: (i) protect the interests
of the Bank and of TSKB; (ii) comply with its obligations under this
Agreement and its respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and (iii)
achieve the purposes of the Project.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods required for Part A of the Project and to
be financed from the proceeds of the Loan, shall be governed by the
provisions of the Schedule to this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. TSKB shall carry out the obligations set forth
in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General
Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports) in respect of this Agreement.
      Section 2.05. TSKB shall duly perform all its obligations
under its respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Bank
shall otherwise agree, TSKB shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of assigning, amending, abrogating or
waiving said Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.06. (a) TSKB shall, at the request of the Bank,
exchange views with the Bank with regard to progress of Part A the
Project, the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under its respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
      (b)   TSKB shall promptly inform the Bank of any condition
which interferes or threatens to interfere with the progress of Part
A of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of Loan, or the
performance by TSKB of its obligations under this Agreement and
under its respective Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                           ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) TSKB shall maintain procedures and records
adequate to monitor and record the progress of its lending
operations under Part A of the Project and of each Investment
Page  3
Project financed by it (including its cost and the benefits to be
derived from it) and to reflect in accordance with consistently
maintained sound accounting practices the operations and financial
condition of TSKB.
      (b)   TSKB shall:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than nine months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited;
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested, including a
                  separate opinion by said auditors as to whether
                  TSKB is in satisfactory compliance with the
                  requirements specified in Sections 3.02 through
                  3.05 of this Agreement; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
TSKB shall not incur or permit any Subsidiary to incur any debt if,
after the incurring of such debt, the consolidated debt of TSKB and
all its Subsidiaries then incurred and outstanding would exceed ten
times the consolidated capital and surplus of TSKB and all its
Subsidiaries.
   (b)For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "debt" means any debt incurred by TSKB
                  or any Subsidiary maturing more than one year
                  after the date on which it is originally
                  incurred, including debt assumed or guaranteed by
                  TSKB or by a Subsidiary;
            (ii)  debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A) under a
                  loan contract or agreement or other instrument
                  providing for such debt or for the modification
                  of its terms of payment, on the date, and to the
                  extent, the amount of such debt has become
                  outstanding pursuant to such contract, agreement
                  or instrument; and (B) under a guarantee
                  agreement, on the date the agreement providing
                  for such guarantee has been entered into but only
                  to the extent the guaranteed debt is outstanding;
            (iii) the term "consolidated debt of TSKB and all its
                  Subsidiaries" means the total amount of debt of
                  TSKB and all its Subsidiaries, including any debt
                  owed by TSKB to its shareholders, but excluding
                  any debt owed by TSKB to any Subsidiary or by any
                  Subsidiary to TSKB or to any other Subsidiary;
            (iv)  the term "consolidated capital and surplus of
                  TSKB and all its Subsidiaries" means the
                  aggregate of the total unimpaired paid-in-
                  capital, surplus and free reserves (including the
                  revaluation fund, if any) of and subordinated
                  loans to TSKB and all its Subsidiaries after
                  excluding therefrom such amounts as shall
Page  4
                  represent equity interests of TSKB in any
                  Subsidiary, or of any such Subsidiary in TSKB or
                  in any other Subsidiary;
            (v)   the term "subordinated loan" means any debt to
                  mature after the maturity of any debt outstanding
                  from time to time from creditors other than
                  shareholders of TSKB and its Subsidiaries, such
                  debt to be repaid in accordance with its terms
                  only after all claims from such creditors have
                  been satisfied;
            (vi)  whenever for purposes of this Section it shall be
                  necessary to value in terms of Turkish Lira debt
                  payable in another currency, such valuation shall
                  be made on the basis of the prevailing lawful
                  rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
                  at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                  purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                  absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                  exchange acceptable to the Bank; and
            (vii) amounts payable to TSKB under any foreign
                  exchange risk coverage scheme of the Borrower or
                  under currency swap arrangements shall be
                  deducted in calculating the amount of TSKB's
                  debt.
      Section 3.03. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TSKB
shall maintain a debt service coverage ratio of not less than 1.1.
Such ratio shall be calculated by dividing the sum of TSKB net
income after tax, interest payments adjusted for taxes, provisions
for losses and loan collections by the sum of its repayments of debt
and payments of interest, adjusted for taxes.
      Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, TSKB
shall make, at the end of each fiscal year, beginning with fiscal
year 1994, adequate provision for bad loans as prescribed under
Decree No. 88/12937, dated May 4, 1988, issued under the Borrower's
Banking Law.
      Section 3.05. (a) TSKB shall achieve and thereafter maintain,
a minimum cash collection ratio of 75% of the medium- and long-term
loans made by it.
      (b)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)   the term "medium-term loans" means loans maturing
                  more than one year but not more than five years
                  after the date on which they were originally
                  incurred; and
            (ii)  the term "long-term loans" means loans maturing
                  more than five years after the date on which they
                  were originally incurred.
                          ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
upon receipt and acceptance by the Bank of evidence and legal
opinion showing that this Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by, and executed and delivered on behalf of TSKB, and is
legally binding upon TSKB in accordance with its terms.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of TSKB thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
Page  5
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex, telefax or radiogram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have
designated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                  197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      For TSKB:
            Tcrkiye Sinai Kalkinma Bankasi A.S.
            Meclisi Mebusan Caddesi No. 137
            80040 Findikli
            Istanbul, Turkey
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  Kalkinmabank              24 344
                  Istanbul P.O. Box 17
                  80002 Karakcy
                  Istanbul
                                          Telephone:
                                            251 27 92-251 28 00
                                          Fax:
                                            243 29 75
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of TSKB, may be taken or executed by its General
Manager or by such other person or persons as General Manager shall
designate in writing, and TSKB shall furnish to the Bank sufficient
evidence of the authority and the authenticated specimen signature
of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
Page  6
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Fred D. Levy
                                                   Acting Director
                                              Country Department I
                                    Europe and Central Asia Region
                  TURKIYE SINAI KALKINMA BANKASI
                  By /s/ Metin Tokpinar
                                                   General Manager
                  By /s/ Ahmet Demirel
                                         Assistant General Manager
                           SCHEDULE
              Procurement under Part A of the Project
1.    Items of goods and services estimated to cost the equivalent
of not more than $3,000,000 per contract shall be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from countries
eligible under the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and
IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Bank.
2.    Items of goods and services estimated to cost the equivalent
of more than $3,000,000 per contract shall be procured under limited
international bidding procedures, consistent with those set forth or
referred to in Section 3.02 of the Guidelines.
3.    Records shall be maintained by TSKB in a form satisfactory to
the Bank showing the methods of procurement approved, the summaries
of quotations or bids received and awards made under each Sub-loan.
