Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2416 GUI
                      (Second Power Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                and
           ENTREPRISE NATIONALE D'ELECTRICITE DE GUINEE
                      Dated October 19, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2416 GUI
                         PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 19, 1992, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and ENTREPRISE NATIONALE
D'ELECTRICITE DE GUINEE (ENELGUI).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Guinea (the Borrower) and the
Association, the Association has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to thirty-six
million five hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights
(SDR 36,500,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Development Credit Agreement, but only on condition that ENELGUI
agree to undertake such obligations toward the Association as are
set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ENELGUI, a portion of the proceeds of the
credit provided for under the Development Credit Agreement will be
relent to ENELGUI on the terms and conditions set forth in said
Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
      WHEREAS ENELGUI, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the Borrower,
Page  2
has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) ENELGUI declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with appropriate administrative, financial, engineering
and public utilities practices, and shall provide, or cause to be
provided, promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
other resources required for Part B of the Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Association and ENELGUI shall
otherwise agree, ENELGUI shall carry out Part B of the Project in
accordance with the Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2
to this Agreement.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Part B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of
the Credit shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. ENELGUI shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and
land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement
and Part B of the Project.
      Section 2.04. ENELGUI shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the Association shall
otherwise agree, ENELGUI shall not take or concur in any action
which would have the effect of amending, abrogating, assigning or
waiving the Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) ENELGUI shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to the
progress of Part B of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
      (b)   ENELGUI shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment of the
purposes of the Credit, or the performance by ENELGUI of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
                         ARTICLE III
               Management and Operations of ENELGUI
      Section 3.01. ENELGUI shall carry on its operations and
conduct its affairs in accordance with sound administrative,
financial and public utility practices under the supervision of
qualified and experienced management assisted by competent staff in
Page  3
adequate numbers.
      Section 3.02. ENELGUI shall at all times operate and maintain
its plant, machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to
time, promptly as needed, make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial and
public utility practices.
      Section 3.03. ENELGUI shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision satisfactory to the
Association for, insurance against such risks and in such amounts as
shall be consistent with appropriate practice.
      Section 3.04. (a) ENELGUI shall at all times take all steps
necessary to maintain its existence and its rights to carry on
operations, to acquire and retain ownership of all land, and to
maintain and renew all real property rights and all other rights,
powers, privileges and franchises necessary or useful in the
carrying out of the Project or in the conduct of its business.
      (b)   Except as the Association shall otherwise agree, ENELGUI
shall not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its
property or assets which shall be required for the efficient
operations of its business and undertaking.
      Section 3.05. ENELGUI shall: (a) submit its draft annual
investment plan to the Association for review and comments by
October 31 of each year; (b) undertake any investment required to
rehabilitate power networks in provincial cities or any other
investment estimated to cost the equivalent of $1,000,000 or more
only if the economic, technical and financial justification of such
an investment is satisfactory to the Association; and (c) (i) adopt
a tariff structure satisfactory to the Association, and (ii) from
time to time revise such tariff structure as required to ensure
adequate revenues from its operations, in agreement with the
Association.
      Section 3.06. ENELGUI shall take all appropriate measures
(including a prompt disconnection of service with a service
reinstatement penalty) required to: (a) improve the collection of
electricity bill payments due to it by any public entity or private
consumer; and (b) reduce the outstanding arrears due by public
entities to a three-month billing average and by private consumers
to a two-month billing average.
      Section 3.07. (a) ENELGUI shall at all times cooperate with
BCRG to ensure that the Disposition Fund is maintained and managed
in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.04 (a) of the
Development Credit Agreement; (b) on the basis of withdrawal
requests submitted by ENELGUI to the Association for reimbursements
of amounts actually spent for eligible expenditures, ENELGUI shall
deposit into the Disposition Fund amounts so reimbursed by the
Association; (c) reimbursements made by the Association and
deposited by ENELGUI into the Disposition Fund shall no longer be so
deposited when the level of funds in the Disposition Fund is
equivalent to $10,000,000; (d) unless otherwise agreed with the
Association, the Disposition Fund shall be established for a period
of 10 years; this period may be renewed; and (e) amounts deposited
in the Disposition Fund shall be withdrawn only pursuant to
withdrawal requests signed jointly by BCRG and ENELGUI, and shall be
used solely in case of necessity, to finance the costs of: (i)
services provided by ENEGLUI's technical operator, and (ii)
essential spare parts required for plant maintenance and repairs.
      Section 3.08. ENELGUI shall: (a) implement by December 31,
1992 all measures recommended in the 1990 audit report to improve
its accounting, bookkeeping and records maintenance systems; (b) (i)
adopt an action plan, satisfactory to the Association, based on the
recommendations of the environment impact assessment, and (ii)
implement said action plan, no later than December 31, 1993; and (c)
(i) carry out a mid-term review with the Association and the
Borrower no later than June 30, 1995 to assess the progress achieved
Page  4
in the execution of the Project, and (ii) promptly implement the
recommendations resulting from the mid-term review as they shall
have been agreed upon with the Association and the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) ENELGUI shall maintain records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   ENELGUI shall:
            (i)    have its records, accounts (including those
                   related to the use of the Disposition Fund) and
                   financial statements (balance sheets, statements
                   of income and expenses and related statements)
                   for each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                   appropriate auditing principles consistently
                   applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                   the Association;
            (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                   but in any case not later than four months after
                   the end of each such year, (A) certified copies
                   of its financial statements for such year as so
                   audited, and (B) the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
            (iii)  furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and financial statements as well as the audit
                   thereof, as the Association shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, ENELGUI shall earn, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1994, an annual return of not
less than 7% of the average current net value of ENELGUI's fixed
assets in operation during that fiscal year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, ENELGUI
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by ENELGUI and
satisfactory to the Association, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and
the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association
the results of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that ENELGUI would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for ENELGUI's fiscal years
covered by such review, ENELGUI shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The annual return shall be calculated by
                   dividing ENELGUI's net operating income for the
                   fiscal year in question by one half of the sum
                   of the current net value of ENELGUI's fixed
                   assets in operation at the beginning and at the
                   end of that fiscal year.
           (ii)    The term "net operating income" means total
                   operating revenues less total operating
                   expenses.
          (iii)    The term "total operating revenues" means
Page  5
                   revenues from all sources related to operations.
           (iv)    The term "total operating expenses" means all
                   expenses related to operations, including
                   administration, adequate maintenance, taxes and
                   payments in lieu of taxes, and provision for
                   depreciation on a straight-line basis at a rate
                   of not less than 5% per annum of the average
                   current gross value of ENELGUI's fixed assets in
                   operation, or other basis acceptable to the
                   Association, but excluding interest and other
                   charges on debt.
            (v)    The average current gross value of ENELGUI's
                   fixed assets in operation shall be calculated as
                   one half of the sum of the gross value of
                   ENELGUI's fixed assets in operation at the
                   beginning and at the end of the fiscal year, as
                   valued from time to time in accordance with
                   sound and consistently maintained methods of
                   valuation satisfactory to the Association.
            (vi)   The term "current net value of ENELGUI's fixed
                   assets in operation" means the gross value of
                   ENELGUI's fixed assets in operation less the
                   amount of accumulated depreciation, as valued
                   from time to time in accordance with sound and
                   consistently maintained methods of valuation
                   satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, ENELGUI shall produce, for each of its fiscal years after its
fiscal year ending on December 31, 1994, funds from internal sources
equivalent to not less than 26% of the annual average of ENELGUI's
capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that
year, the previous fiscal year and the next following fiscal year.
      (b)   Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years, ENELGUI
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by ENELGUI and satis-
factory to the Association, review whether it would meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) in respect of such year and
the next following fiscal year and shall furnish to the Association
a copy of such review upon its completion.
      (c)   If any such review shows that ENELGUI would not meet the
requirements set forth in paragraph (a) for ENELGUI's fiscal years
covered by such review, ENELGUI shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
      (d)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    The term "funds from internal sources" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   the sum of revenues from all sources
                         related to operations, consumer deposits
                         and consumer contributions in aid of
                         construction, net non-operating income and
                         any reduction in working capital other
                         than cash; and
                   (B)   the sum of all expenses related to
                         operations, including administration,
                         adequate maintenance and taxes and
                         payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
                         provision for depreciation and other non-
                         cash operating charges), debt service
                         requirements, all cash dividends and other
                         cash distributions of surplus, increase in
                         working capital other than cash and other
Page  6
                         cash outflows other than capital
                         expenditures.
           (ii)    The term "net non-operating income" means the
                   difference between:
                   (A)   revenues from all sources other than those
                         related to operations; and
                   (B)   expenses, including taxes and payments in
                         lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
                         of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)    The term "working capital other than cash" means
                   the difference between current assets, excluding
                   cash and current liabilities at the end of each
                   fiscal year.
           (iv)    The term "current assets excluding cash" means
                   all assets other than cash which could in the
                   ordinary course of business be converted into
                   cash within twelve months, including accounts
                   receivable, marketable securities, inventories
                   and pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
                   operating expenses or fixed assets within the
                   next fiscal year.
            (v)    The term "current liabilities" means all
                   liabilities which will become due and payable or
                   could under circumstances then existing be
                   called for payment within twelve months,
                   including accounts payable, customer advances,
                   debt service requirements, taxes and payments in
                   lieu of taxes, and dividends.
           (vi)    The term "debt service requirements" means the
                   aggregate amount of repayments (including
                   sinking fund payments, if any) of, and interest
                   and other charges on, debt.
          (vii)    The term "capital expenditures" means all
                   expenditures on account of fixed assets,
                   including interest charged to construction,
                   related to operations.
         (viii)    Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
                   shall be necessary to value, in terms of the
                   currency of the Borrower, debt payable in
                   another currency, such valuation shall be made
                   on the basis of the prevailing lawful rate of
                   exchange at which such other currency is, at the
                   time of such valuation, obtainable for the
                   purposes of servicing such debt, or, in the
                   absence of such rate, on the basis of a rate of
                   exchange acceptable to the Association.
                             ARTICLE V
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement becomes
effective.
      Section 5.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of the
Association and of ENELGUI thereunder shall terminate on the earlier
of the following two dates:
            (i)    the date on which the Development Credit
                   Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its
                   terms; or
Page  7
           (ii)    the date 25 years after the date of this
                   Agreement.
      (b)   If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in paragraph (a)
(ii) of this Section, the Association shall promptly notify ENELGUI
of this event.
      Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                           ARTICLE VI
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required or permitted
to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter specified or
at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice
to the party giving such notice or making such request. The
addresses so specified are:
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      For ENELGUI:
            B.P. 322
            Conakry
            Guinea
                                           Telex:
                                             2181 GE
      Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of ENELGUI, or by ENELGUI on behalf of the
Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be taken or
executed by Director General or such other person or persons as the
Director General shall designate in writing, and ENELGUI shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority and
the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                   INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  8
                   By /s/ Magdi Iskander
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                   ENTREPRISE NATIONALE D'ELECTRICITE DE GUINEE
                   By /s/ Boubacar Barry
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I: Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part B hereof, goods and works,
including the management services contract for ENELGUI, shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for the construction and equipping of the new power
house (Tombo III), including the management services contract for
ENELGUI, shall be prequalified as provided in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
3.    To the extent practicable, contracts for equipment, materials
and spare parts shall be grouped into bid packages estimated to cost
the equivalent of $200,000 or more.
Part B:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Items or groups of items for equipment, spare parts and
materials estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000 or less per
contract, up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $3,200,000, may be
procured under contracts awarded through: (i) limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids
invited from a list, approved by the Association, of at least three
qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines
(excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof); and (ii)
contracts for the acquisition of proprietary goods may be procured
through direct order from the holder of proprietary rights or by
direct shopping.
Part C:    Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appen-
dix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $150,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two
conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to the
Page  9
Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to
the Association prior to the making of the first payment out of the
Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract, together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3, shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to the Development Credit
Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist ENELGUI in carrying out Part B of the
Project, ENELGUI shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by The World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                          SCHEDULE 2
                      Implementation Program
