Page  1
                                                     CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2416 GUI
                      (Second Power Project)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                      Dated October 19, 1992
                                           CREDIT NUMBER 2416 GUI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated October 19, 1992, between  REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Association has received a letter dated May 22,
1992, from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives
and policies designed to streamline the Borrower's energy sector
(the Program) and declaring the Borrower's commitment to the
execution of the Program;
      (C)   the Borrower intends to contract from the African
Development Bank, (AfDB) a loan (the AfDB Loan) in an amount
equivalent to $17,000,000 to assist in financing part of the Project
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the AfDB Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and AfDB;
Page  2
      (D)   the Borrower intends to contract from the European
Investment Bank (EIB) a loan (the EIB Loan) in an amount equivalent
to $25,000,000 to assist in financing part of the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the EEC Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and EEC;
      (E)   the Borrower intends to receive from the Canadian
International Development Agency (CIDA) a grant (the CIDA Grant) in
an amount equivalent to $8,700,000 to assist in financing part of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the CIDA Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
and the Association as Administrator of the CIDA Grant;
      (F)    the Borrower has contracted from the Caisse Centrale de
Coophungarumlautration Economique, (CCCE) a loan (the CCCE Loan) in an amount
equivalent to $11,000,000 to assist in financing part of the Project
on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the CCCE Loan
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and CCCE;
      (G)   the Borrower intends to contract from Kreditanstalt f\1ar
Wiederaufbau (KfW) a loan (the KfW Loan) in an amount equivalent to
$6,000,000 to assist in financing part of the Project on the terms
and conditions set forth in an agreement (the KfW Loan Agreement) to
be entered into between the Borrower and KfW;
      (H)   the Borrower has received from Gesellschaft f\1ar
Technische Zuzammenarbeit, (GTZ) a grant (the GTZ Grant) in an
amount equivalent to $400,000 to assist in financing part of the
Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the
GTZ Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and
GTZ;
      (I)   the Borrower intends to receive from Fonds Europhungarumlauten de
Dhungarumlautveloppement, (FED) a grant (the FED Grant) in an amount equivalent
to $7,000,000 to assist in financing part of the Project on the
terms and conditions set forth in an agreement (the FED Grant
Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower and the FED;
      (J)   the Borrower intends to contract from Japan (Japan) a
loan (the Japanese Loan) in an amount equivalent to $5,200,000 to
assist in financing part of the Project on the terms and conditions
set forth in an agreement (the Japanese Loan Agreement) to be
entered into between the Borrower and Japan;
      (K)   the Borrower has received from the United States
International Development Agency, (USAID) a grant (the USAID Grant)
in an amount equivalent to $800,000 to assist in financing part of
the Project on the terms and conditions set forth in an agreement
(the USAID Grant Agreement) to be entered into between the Borrower
and USAID;
      (L)   Part B of the Project will be carried out by Entreprise
Nationale d'Electricithungarumlaut de Guinhungarumlaute (ENELGUI) with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to ENELGUI a portion of the proceeds of the Credit as
provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date herewith between the Association and ENELGUI;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                           ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Project Preparation Advances" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to exchanges of letters dated May 12, 1990 and June 20,
1990 and October 25, 1991 between the Borrower and the Association;
      (b)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (c)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and ENELGUI pursuant to Section
3.01 (b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to
time, and such term includes any schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement;
      (d)   "ENELGUI" means Entreprise Nationale d'Electricithungarumlaut de
Guinhungarumlaute, a state-owned enterprise established and operating pursuant
to Ordonnance No. 070/PRG/87 of the Borrower as amended to date;
      (e)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and Entreprise Nationale d'Electricithungarumlaut de Guinhungarumlaute
(ENELGUI), of even date herewith, as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (f)   "MRNEE" means the Minist\1are des Resources Naturelles des
Energies et de l'Environnement of the Borrower;
      (g)   "Disposition Fund" means the account referred to in
Section 3.07 of the Project Agreement; and
      (h)   "BCRG" means Banque Centrale de la Rhungarumlautpublique de Guinhungarumlaute,
the Central Bank of the Borrower.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirty six million five hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 36,500,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of Parts A and B of
the Project, open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account
in a commercial bank acceptable to the Association, on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, including appropriate
protection against set-off, seizure or attachment. Deposits into,
and payments out of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to the Association the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and
outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon.
The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the Project
Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
Page  4
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1997 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each March 15 and September 15
commencing September 15, 2002 and ending March 15, 2032. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on March 15,
2012 shall be one percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each
installment thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal
amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
Page  5
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 2.09. ENELGUI is designated as representative of the
Borrower in respect of Part B of the Project for the purposes of
taking any action required or permitted to be taken under the
provisions of Section 2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the
General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end:
            (i)    shall carry out Parts A and C of the Project
                   with due diligence and efficiency and in
                   conformity with appropriate administrative and
                   financial practices and shall provide, promptly
                   as needed, the funds, facilities, services and
                   other resources required for such Parts of the
                   Project; and
           (ii)    without limitation or restriction upon any of
                   its other obligations under the Development
                   Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause
                   ENELGUI to perform all its obligations set forth
                   in the Project Agreement, shall take or cause to
                   be taken all action, including the provision of
                   funds, facilities, services and other resources,
                   necessary or appropriate to enable ENELGUI to
                   perform such obligations, and shall not take or
                   permit to be taken any action which would
                   prevent or interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend the equivalent of $40,000,000
out of the proceeds of the Credit to ENELGUI under a subsidiary loan
agreement to be entered into between the Borrower and ENELGUI, under
terms and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Association which shall include: (i) repayment of principal in 20
years including a grace period of five years; (ii) the payment of
interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum; and (iii) ENELGUI to bear
the foreign exchange risk on such onlending.
      (c)   The Borrower shall exercise its rights under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement in such manner as to protect the interests
of the Borrower and the Association and to accomplish the purposes
of the Credit, and except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
the Borrower shall not assign, amend, abrogate or waive the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 3.02. In order to carry out Parts A and C of the
Project, the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part
B of the Project shall be carried out by ENELGUI pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall: (a) promptly carry out the
Program in accordance with a timetable agreed upon with the
Page  6
Association; (b) take all measures required on its part to enable
ENELGUI to adopt and thereafter maintain at all times a new tariff
structure satisfactory to the Association; (c) cause BCRG to open
and maintain an account (the Disposition Fund) under terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association, and to be domiciled with
a BCRG's correspondent in Switzerland and to be jointly managed by
BCRG and ENELGUI, in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.07
of the Project Agreement; (d) make for each fiscal year commencing
with its 1993 fiscal year, sufficient budgetary allocations to
promptly settle bills for electricity consumptions by the Borrower's
entities and agencies; (e) tax the importation of heavy fuel
products required by ENELGUI for power generation at the level
referred to in Section 6.01 (f) of this Agreement and not modify it
without prior consultation with the Association; and (f) provide
ENELGUI with adequate funds in the form of equity contribution as
required to offset the amount of taxes levied on goods and equipment
to be acquired by ENELGUI for the execution of the Project.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of Parts A and C of the Project of the
departments or agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out
the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section, including those
                   for the Special Account and the Disposition Fund
                   for each fiscal year, audited, in accordance
                   with appropriate auditing principles
                   consistently applied, by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
                   available, but in any case not later than four
                   months after the end of each such year, a
                   certified copy of the report of such audit by
                   said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
                   as the Association shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
           (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
                   information concerning said records, accounts
                   and the audit thereof as the Association shall
                   from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the
                   Association has received the audit report for
                   the fiscal year in which the last withdrawal
                   from the Credit Account or payment out of the
                   Special Account was made, all records
                   (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts
                   and other documents) evidencing such
                   expenditures;
          (iii)    enable the Association's representatives to
                   examine such records; and
Page  7
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the annual audit referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                   together with the procedures and internal
                   controls involved in their preparation, can be
                   relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable
that the Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried
out;
      (b)   ENELGUI shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (c)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of the Development Credit Agreement, an extraordinary situation
shall have arisen which shall make it improbable that ENELGUI will
be able to perform its obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (d)   The statutes of ENELGUI shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of ENELGUI to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (e)   The Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the dissolution or disestablishment
of ENELGUI or for the suspension of its operations.
      (f)   The Borrower shall have failed by June 30, 1993 to:
(i) make satisfactory progress in the execution of the Program for
purposes of improving the operation and management of ENELGUI; and
(ii) enact a revised regulatory framework satisfactory to the
Association to govern the power sector.
      (g)   The Borrower shall have entered into any arrangements
for the acquisition of goods or services for Part B.2 of the Project
unless the Borrower shall have made progress satisfactory to the
Association in carrying out the Program.
      (h)   (i)    Subject to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph:
                   (A)   The right of the Borrower to withdraw the
                         proceeds of any loan or grant made to the
                         Borrower for the financing of the Project
                         shall have been suspended, cancelled or
                         terminated in whole or in part, pursuant
                         to the terms thereof, or
                   (B)   any such loan shall have become due and
                         payable prior to the agreed maturity
                         thereof.
           (ii)    Subparagraph (i) of this paragraph shall not
                   apply if the Borrower establishes to the
                   satisfaction of the Association that: (A) such
                   suspension, cancellation, termination or
                   prematuring is not caused by the failure of the
                   Borrower to perform any of its obligations under
                   such agreement; and (B) adequate funds for the
                   Project are available to the Borrower from other
                   sources on terms and conditions consistent with
Page  8
                   the obligations of the Borrower under this
                   Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (d), or (e)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of 60 days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   the event specified in paragraph (h) (i) (B) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur subject to the proviso of
paragraph (h) (ii) of that Section.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed on
behalf of the Borrower and ENELGUI;
      (b)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the EIB
Loan Agreement have been fulfilled, other than those related to the
effectiveness of this Agreement;
      (c)   (i) the Disposition Fund has been established, (ii) an
initial deposit of $50,000 has been deposited therein, and (iii) an
independent third party, acceptable to the Association, has been
appointed to make final and binding decisions on withdrawals of the
proceeds of the Disposition Fund in case of disagreement between
BCRG and ENELGUI;
      (d)   substantive progress satisfactory to the Association,
has been accomplished in the execution of the Program, i.e.
(including issuance of invitations to bid for the selection of a
private operator), (ii) adoption of an action plan to prepare the
power sector regulatory and institutional framework, and (iii)
evidence that 200 employees have been removed from ENELGUI's
payroll;
      (e)   a new tax rate for imports of heavy fuel products
required for power generation of ENELGUI has been set up at a level
acceptable to the Association;
      (f)   ENELGUI has adopted a new tariff structure referred to
in Section 3.04 (b) (i) of this Agreement; and
      (g)   a capital restructuring of ENELGUI, satisfactory to the
Association, has been completed.
      Section 6.02. The following are specified as additional
matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association:
      (a)   that the Project Agreement has been duly authorized or
ratified by ENELGUI, and is legally binding upon ENELGUI in
accordance with its terms; and
      (b)   that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by the Borrower and ENELGUI and is legally
binding upon the Borrower and ENELGUI in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
Page  9
      Section 6.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Section
3.04 (b), (c) and (d) of this Agreement and the provisions of
paragraphs (d) and (e) of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall cease
and determine on the date on which the Development Credit Agreement
shall terminate or on the date 25 years after the date of this
Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. Except as provided in Section 2.09 of this
Agreement, the Minister of the Borrower responsible for planning is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Planning and Finance
            B.P. 221
            Conakry
            Guinea
                                           Telex:
                                             22399 MIFIGE
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INDEVAS                   248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         REPUBLIC OF GUINEA
                         By /s/ Boubacar Barry
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                         By /s/ Magdi Iskander
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                           SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
Page  10
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Turnkey contract         13,200,000        100% of foreign
     for Part B.2 (a)                           expenditures
     of the Project
(2)  Equipment,                5,000,000        100% of foreign
     vehicles, spare                            expenditures
     parts and
     materials
(3)  Consulting and                             90% of local
     management services:                       expenditures for
                                                management or con-
     (a) for Parts A and     11,700,000         sultants services
         B of the Project                       domiciled within
                                                the territory of
     (b) for Part C            1,100,000        the Borrower and
         of the Project                         100% of foreign
                                                expenditures for
                                                other management
                                                or consultants
                                                services
(4)  Training                  2,100,000        100% of foreign
                                                expenditures
                            Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                            (Expressed in        Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  Refunding of              1,100,000        Amounts due
     Project                                    pursuant to
     Preparation                                Section 2.02 (c)
     Advances                                   of this Agreement
(6)  Unallocated               2,300,000
                              __________
        TOTAL                 36,500,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not to exceed SDR 3,200,000, may
be made in respect of Category (3) (a) on account of payments made
for expenditures before that date but after February 1, 1992; and
(b) payments made for expenditures under Categories (1) and (2)
unless the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it that
a project engineering consultant has been recruited.
Page  11
                           SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The objectives of the Project are to: (a) assist the
Borrower's efforts to privatize ENELGUI; (b) streamline the
regulatory framework for the power sector; (c) rehabilitate and
expand the thermal generation capacity; and (d) rehabilitate the
power distribution network.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development and Streamlining of the Power
            Sector
1.    Formulation and implementation of a strategy to privatize
ENELGUI.
2.    Strengthening MRNEE's capability for policy formulation,
planning and monitoring of the execution of sectoral investments and
training for relevant staff.
3.    Strengthening ENELGUI's management and operations performance.
4.    Streamlining the regulatory and institutional framework for
the power sector.
5.    Studies and preparation of a follow-up project.
Part B:     Rehabilitation and Expansion of Power Plant and
            Distribution Network
1.    Construction of new fuel unloading and storage facilities.
2.    (a)   Construction of a new power house (Tombo III) and
installation therein of three new diesel generating units; and (b)
acquisition of necessary equipment, and spare parts.
3.    Rehabilitation of the Tombo I and Tombo II power plants and
installation of an additional 5 MW diesel generating unit in the
Tombo II power house.
4.    Rehabilitation and expansion of the Conakry distribution
network.
5.    Training for ENELGUI's personnel in the fields of
administrative and technical management.
Part C:     Improvement of Regulations and Policies for Petroleum
            Products Distribution
1.    Streamlining of the regulatory framework governing import and
distribution of the petroleum products.
2.    Monitoring of petroleum products distribution operations
including, inter alia, general safety requirements, environment
protection and product quality and quantity controls.
3.    Training of relevant MRNEE staff in fields related to the
monitoring of petroleum operations.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 1997.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
Page  12
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3) (a) and (4) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Sched-
  ule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A and B of the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $500,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
            (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account,
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Arti-
Page  13
cle V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories for Parts A and B of the
Project, less the amount of any outstanding special commitment
entered into by the Association pursuant to Section 5.02 of the
General Conditions with respect to Parts A and B of the Project,
shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories for Parts A and B of the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
