Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2824 ME
                  Guarantee Agreement
               (Urban Transport Project)
                        between
                 UNITED MEXICAN STATES
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 31, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2824 ME
                  GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1987, between UNITED
MEXICAN STATES (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor and Banco Nacional de
Obras y Servicios Publicos, S.N.C. (the Borrower), having
been satisfied as to feasibility and priority of the
Project described in Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement,
have requested the Bank to assist in the financing of the
Project;
     (B)  by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to
extend to the Borrower a loan in various currencies
equivalent to one hundred twenty-five million dollars
($125,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Loan Agreement, but only on conditions that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the
Borrower in respect of such loan and to undertake certain
obligations as hereinafter provided; and
     WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the
Page  2
Bank's entering into the Loan Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to guarantee such obligations of the
Borrower;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth in Section 1.01
of the Loan Agreement (the General Conditions) constitute
an integral part of this Agreement.
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defines in the General
Conditions, and in the Preamble to and in Section 1.02 of
the Loan Agreement, have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                      ARTICLE II
             Guarantee; Provision of Funds
     Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and to this end, without
limitation or restriction upon any of its other
obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, the Guarantor
hereby unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and
not as surety merely, the due and punctual payment of the
principal of, and interest and other charges on, the
Loan, and the premium, if any, on the prepayment of the
Loan, the punctual performance of all the other
obligations of the Borrower as set forth in the Loan
Agreement, and the punctual performance of the Eligible
States under the Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
     Section 2.02. The Guarantor shall enter into the
contractual arrangements referred to in Section 3.02 of
the Loan Agreement and, unless the Bank shall otherwise
agree, shall not change or fail to enforce any provisions
of such contractual arrangements.
     Section 2.03. (a) The Guarantor hereby irrevocably
assigns to the Borrower any contract or agreement entered
into by the Guarantor in furtherance of the purposes of
the Project Preparation Advance.
     (b)  The Guarantor and the Bank hereby agree that as
of the Effective Date: (i) the Borrower shall assume all
the obligations of the Guarantor in respect of the
Project Preparation Advance; and (ii) any obligation of
the Guarantor in respect of repayment of, and payment of
interest accrued and payable on, the Project Preparation
Advance, shall be discharged in the manner specified in
paragraph (c) of Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
       Execution of the Project; Other Covenants
     Section 3.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and to this end, shall provide
or cause to be provided, in a timely manner as needed,
Page  3
the funds, facilities, services and other resources
required for the Project.
     Section 3.02. The Guarantor shall provide, or cause
to be provided, to the Borrower, in a timely manner, all
documents and records in respect of the Project required
by the Borrower or the Eligible States to comply with the
provisions of Section 4.01 of the Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
      Representative of the Guarantor; addresses
     Section 4.01. The Director General of Public Credit
of the Secretaria de Hacienda y Credito Publico of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the
Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
     Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified,
or the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Guarantor:
          Secretaria de Hacienda y
               Credito Publico
          Direccion General de Credito Publico
          Palacio Nacional
          Edificio 10, P.B.
          06066 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
                                                 Telex:
                                                 177313 SHDCME
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
          Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address: Telex:
               INTBAFRAD
               Washington, D.C.
Cable address:                     Telex:
     INTBAFRAD                          440098 (ITT)
     Washington, D.C.                   248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in there respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    UNITED MEXICAN STATES
                    By /s/ Carlos Sales Gutierrez
                         Authorized Representative
Page  4
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                         RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                         Regional Vice President
                         Latin America and the Caribbean
