Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2824 ME
                    Loan Agreement
               (Urban Transport Project)
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
          BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
                   PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                  Dated July 31, 1987
                                    LOAN NUMBER 2824 ME
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 31, 1987, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y SERVICIOS
PUBLICOS, S.N.C. (the Borrower).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower and the United Mexican
States (the Guarantor), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement, have requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  by an agreement (the Guarantee Agreement) of
even date herewith between the Guarantor and the Bank,
the Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of
the Borrower in respect of the Loan, the Eligible States
(as hereinafter defined) in respect of the Subsidiary
Page  2
Loan Agreements (as hereinafter defined), and to
undertake such other obligations as set forth in the
Guarantee Agreement;
     (C)  pursuant to an exchange of letters between the
Guarantor and the Bank dated April 2, 1986 and April 11,
1986, the Bank has granted an advance to the Guarantor in
the amount of the equivalent of $500,000 (the Project
Preparation Advance);
     (D)  pursuant to the terms of the Project
Preparation Advance, said amount is to be refunded to the
Bank out of the proceeds of any loan made for the
Project, such as the one provided for in this Agreement;
     (E)  the Guarantor and the Bank are willing to
accept the assumption by the Borrower, as provided
hereinafter and in the Guarantee Agreement of even date
herewith, of all of the obligations of the Guarantor in
respect of the Project Preparation Advance; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01.  The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the modifications set forth below (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement:
     (a)  the last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
and
     (b)  Section 6.03 is deleted and replaced by the
following new Section:
          "Section 6.03.  Cancellation by the Bank.  If
     (a) the right of the Borrower to make withdrawals
     from the Loan Account shall have been suspended
     with respect to any amount of the Loan for a
     continuous period of thirty days, or (b) by the
     date specified in Section II paragraph 2 (b) of
     Schedule 8 to the Loan Agreement, no applications
     or requests referred to thereunder shall have been
     received by the Bank in respect of any portion of
     the Loan allocated to Categories 9 and 10 in the
     table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan
     Agreement, or having been so received, shall have
     been denied, or (c) at any time the Bank
     determines, after consultation with the Borrower,
     that an amount of the Loan will not be required to
     finance the Project costs to be financed out of the
     proceeds of the Loan, or (d) at any time the Bank
     determines that the procurement of any item is
     inconsistent with the procedures set forth or
     referred to in the Loan Agreement and the Guarantee
     Agreement and establishes the amount of
     expenditures in respect of such item would
     otherwise have been eligible for financing out of
     the proceeds of the Loan, or (e) after the Closing
     Date, an amount of the Loan shall remain
     unwithdrawn from the Loan Account, or (f) the Bank
Page  3
     shall have received notice from the Guarantor
     pursuant to Section 6.07 with respect to an amount
     of the Loan, the Bank may, by notice to the
     Borrower and the Guarantor, terminate the right of
     the Borrower to submit applications or requests for
     withdrawal, and to make withdrawals from the Loan
     Account with respect to such amount of the Loan.
     Upon the giving of such notice, such amount or
     portion of the Loan shall be cancelled."
     Section 1.02.  Unless the context otherwise
requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the
respective meanings therein set forth and the following
additional terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (b)  "Reference Rate" means the index Costo
Porcentual Promedio de Captacion, as defined in the
Diario Oficial de la Federacion, dated October 16, 1981,
published by the Guarantor or such other reference rate
acceptable to the Guarantor and the Bank;
     (c)  "Eligible State" means the State of Nuevo Leon
or the State of Mexico in the territory of the Guarantor;
and "Eligible States" means both the States of Nuevo Leon
and Mexico;
     (d)  "Subsidiary Loan" means a loan made or proposed
to be made by the Borrower to an Eligible State,
partially financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, to be
utilized by the Eligible State in the financing of a
Subproject (as hereinafter defined); and "Subsidiary Loan
Agreement" means the agreement between the Borrower and
the eligible State providing for such Subsidiary Loan, as
such agreement may be amended from time to time;
     (e)  "Subproject" means a specific investment
project, including feasibility and planning studies, to
improve and upgrade urban transportation within an
Eligible State, or to improve urban transportation at the
federal level, as described in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement; "State of Nuevo Leon Subproject" means those
activities set forth in Part A of the Project; "State of
Mexico Subproject" means those activities set forth in
Part B of the Project; and "Federal Subproject" means
those activities set forth in Part C of the Project, as
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, as the same
may be amended from time to time;
     (f)  "Bus Investments means a purchase of buses to
be used in urban transport in an Eligible State;
     (g)  "Subloan" means a loan made, or proposed to be
made, by the Borrower to an Eligible Beneficiary, (as
hereinafter defined), partially financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan, to be utilized
by the Eligible Beneficiary in the financing of a Bus
Investment; and "Subloan Agreement" means the agreement
between the Borrower and the Eligible Beneficiary
providing for such Subloan;
     (h)  "Eligible Beneficiary" means an entity, having
judicial personality and the capacity to contract under
the laws of the Guarantor or an Eligible State, other
than a publicly-owned entity, engaged in the operation
and provision of urban transport within the territory of
an Eligible State;
     (i)  "COTREM" means the Transport Commission of the
Page  4
State of Mexico (Comision del Transporte del Estado de
Mexico), within the Secretariat of Urban Development and
Public Works of the State;
     (j)  "Monterrey Metropolitan Region" means Monterrey
and the surrounding urban area in the State of Nuevo
Leon;
     (k)  "peso" means the currency of the Guarantor;
     (l)  "Annual Investment Plan" means the plan for
urban transport investment, including road rehabilitation
and maintenance works, of each Eligible State, which
describes actual investments made during the current
fiscal year as well as investments proposed to be made
during the next following fiscal year;
     (m)  "Major Urban Transport Investment" means an
investment in urban transport in an Eligible State,
including, without limitation, the execution of civil
works or the acquisition of vehicles and equipment, which
has an estimated cost that exceeds the equivalent of
US$10 million; and
     (n)  "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the
Borrower, the Guarantor, and each Eligible State, as the
case may be, beginning on January 1 of each year.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
     Section 2.01.  The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to one hundred twenty five million
dollars ($125,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a)  The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, as such
Schedule may be amended from time to time by agreement
between the Bank and the Borrower, for expenditures made,
or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be made, in respect of
the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement and
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a Special Account
on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
     (c)  Pursuant to the assumption by the Borrower of
the Guarantor's obligations under the Project Preparation
Advance, as set forth in Section 3.10 (a) of this
Agreement, promptly after the Effective Date, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and pay to itself the amount required to repay
the principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance
withdrawn and outstanding as of such date and to pay all
unpaid interest and other charges thereon.   Any
unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the
Project Preparation Advance shall be cancelled by the
Bank as of the same date.
     Section 2.03.  The Closing Date shall be December
31, 1995, or such later date as the Bank shall establish.
The Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower and the
Page  5
Guarantor of such later date.
     Section 2.04.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one
percent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of
the Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest
on the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one-half of one percent per
annum above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Guarantor and the
Borrower of the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for such
Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
          (iii)     Semester" means the first six months
                    or the second six months of a
                    calendar year.
     Section 2.06.  Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on June 15 and December 15 in each
year.
     Section 2.07.  The Borrower shall repay the
principal amount of the Loan in accordance with the
Amortization Schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
               Execution of the Project;
               Transfer of Loan Proceeds
     Section 3.01.  The Borrower declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to this Agreement, and to this end, shall carry out
Part C of the Project on behalf of the Guarantor, and
shall cause the Eligible States to carry out Parts A and
B of the Project, with due diligence and efficiency and
in conformity with appropriate technical, administrative
and financial practices, and shall provide, or cause to
be provided, in a timely manner as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
     Section  3.02.  The Borrower shall enter into
contractual arrangements, satisfactory to the Bank, with
the Guarantor, providing, inter alia, for: (i) the
transfer to the Guarantor of the proceeds of the Loan;
(ii) the Guarantor's obligation to make available to the
Borrower such portion of the proceeds of the Loan as
shall be required by the Borrower to carry out Part C of
Page  6
the Project on behalf of the Guarantor; (iii) the
Guarantor's obligation to make available to the Borrower
such portions of the proceeds of the Loan as shall be
required by the Borrower to on-lend to the Eligible
States for purposes of carrying out Parts A and B of the
Project; and (iv) the transfer by the Guarantor to the
Borrower of such funds to the Borrower shall be required
to pay to the Bank on account of principal, interest and
other charges on the Loans. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not change or fail to
enforce any provision of such contractual arrangements.
     Section 3.03. (a)  The Borrower shall make a
Subsidiary Loan to each Eligible State for purposes of
relending such portions of the proceeds of the Loan as
shall be required by such Eligible State to carry out
Part A or Part 8 of the Project, as the case may be,
under a Subsidiary Loan Agreement, acceptable to the
Bank, with each such State, all in accordance, inter
alia, with the terns and conditions set forth or referred
to in Schedule 7 to this Agreement, and except as the
Bank shall otherwise agree, shall not change or fail to
enforce any provision of such Subsidiary Loan Agreements.
     (b)  The Borrower shall inform the Bank of any pro-
posed changes to such Subsidiary Loan Agreements at least
sixty calendar days prior to any change in order to
permit Bank review and approval of such proposed changes;
and (ii) any breach or any failure to enforce any
provision of such Subsidiary Loan Agreement, within
fifteen working days of such breach or failure.
     Section 3.04. (a)  The Borrower undertakes that all
Subloans to Eligible Beneficiaries for Bus Investments
shall be made pursuant to the terms and conditions of and
procedures for Subloans set forth or referred to in
Schedule 8 to this Agreement. Except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not change or fail to
enforce any provision of the Subloan Agreements without
the prior approval of the Bank.
     (b)  The Borrower shall exercise its rights in
relation to each Subloan and Bus Investment in such
manner as to: (i) protect the interests of the Bank, the
Guarantor and the Borrower; (ii) comply with its
obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) achieve the
purposes of the Project.
     Section 3.05.  The Borrower shall, in conjunction
with each Eligible State, furnish to the Bank for its
review and comment the proposed Annual Investment Plan of
each Eligible State by at least thirty days before the
end of each Fiscal Year, including the annual budget
allocations made and proposed to be made by each such
Eligible State for purposes of providing counterpart
funding for, and the carrying out of, its respective
Annual Investment Plan and the relevant Subproject.
     Section 3.06.  The Borrower shall submit the
proposed annual road maintenance program and budget for
each Eligible State to the Bank for its review and
comment, at least thirty days before the end of the
Fiscal Year for each Eligible State.
     Section 3.07.  Without limitation to the provisions
of Section 9.07 of the General Conditions, and Sections
3.03, 3.05 and 3.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
provide quarterly reports, beginning on December 31,
1987, of such scope and in such detail and format as the
Bank shall reasonably request, of the progress achieved
toward implementing the Project.
Page  7
     Section 3.08.  The Borrower shall, in accordance
with the Implementation Plan set forth in Schedule 6 to
this Agreement:
     (a)  carry out, or cause to be carried out, each of
the studies described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement,
under terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank;
     (b)  furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Bank
for its review and comment, the results of each such
study;
     (c)  taking into consideration the results of the
study and the comments of the Bank, propose, or cause to
be proposed, each plan of action, acceptable to the Bank,
referred to in Schedule 6 to this Agreement, including a
timetable for implementing such plan of action; and
     (d)  cause each such plan of action to be
implemented in accordance with such timetable.
     Section 3.09. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.10. (a)  In consideration of the
Guarantor's securing, for purposes of the Project, the
Project Preparation Advance, the Borrower hereby
irrevocably: (i) assumes, as primary obligor, the
obligation of the Guarantor contained in, or which are
the consequences of, the Project Preparation Advance; and
(ii) accepts the assignment by the Guarantor, expressed
in Section 2,03 (a) of the Guarantee Agreement, of any
contract or agreement entered into by the Guarantor in
furtherance of the purposes of the Project Preparation
Advance.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, from the Effective Date on,
exercise its rights under any contract or agreement
assigned by the Guarantor to the Borrower under Section
2.03 (a) of the Guarantee Agreement in such manner as to
protect the interests of the Guarantor, the Bank and the
Borrower and to accomplish the purposes of the Loan.
     (c)  The Bank hereby accepts (i) the assumption of
obligations by the Borrower expressed in, and (ii) the
assignment perfected by, paragraph (a) of this Section.
     (d)  It is understood that the provisions of this
Section shall come into full force and effect on the
Effective Date.
                      ARTICLE IV
          Management and Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a)  The borrower shall maintain, on
behalf of itself and on behalf of the Guarantor, and
shall cause each of the Eligible States to maintain,
separate records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the
operations, resources, and expenditures with respect to
the execution of the Project and each Subproject.
     (b)  The Borrower shall cause:
          (i)  the records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
Page  8
               statements) of the Borrower and each
               Eligible State and the records and
               accounts for the Special Account, for
               each fiscal year to be audited, in
               accordance with generally accepted
               auditing standards and procedures,
               consistently applied, by independent and
               qualified auditors;
          (ii) to be furnished to the Bank as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than
               six months after the end of each such
               year: (A) certified copies of its
               financial statements for such year as so
               audited, and (B) the report of such audit
               by said auditors, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested;
          (iii)     to be furnished to the Bank each
                    month, certified statements of the
                    Special Account; and
          (iv) to be furnished to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records,
               accounts and financial statements, as
               well as the audit thereof, as the Bank
               shall from time to time reasonably
               request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  cause to be maintained, in accordance
               with par a graph (a) of this Section,
               separate records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
          (ii) cause to be retained, until at least one
               year after the Bank has received the
               audit report for the fiscal year in which
               the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
               was made, all records (contracts, orders,
               invoices, bills, receipts and other docu-
               ments) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)     enable the Bank's representatives to
                    examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such separate records and
               accounts are included in the annual audit
               referred to in paragraph (b) of this
               Section and that the report thereof
               contains, in respect of such separate
               accounts, a separate opinion by said
               auditors as to whether the proceeds of
               the Loan withdrawn in respect of such
               expenditures were used for the purposes
               for which they were provided.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01.  Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  Implementation of a Major Urban Transport
Investment shall have commenced which, in the Bank's
Page  9
opinion, shall adversely affect the execution of the
Project, any Subproject, or the economic or financial
viability of any Annual Investment Plan, provided,
however, that the remedies provided for in Section 6.02
of the General Conditions may apply, if the Bank shall so
choose, only to amounts of the Loan that correspond to
the Subprojects being carried out in the Eligible State
in which such Investment has been commenced.
     (b)  The Borrower, or an Eligible State shall have
changed, without the prior approval of the Bank, failed
to enforce, or breached any provision of the relevant
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
     Section 5.02.  Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified: (a) that the event specified in paragraph (a)
of Section 5.01 shall occur; and (b) that the event
specified in paragraph (b) Section 5.01 of this Agreement
shall have occurred and shall continue for a period of
sixty days.
                      ARTICLE VI
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01.  The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  that the Borrower and the Guarantor shall have
entered into the contractual arrangements referred to in
Section 3.02 of this Agreement; and
     (b)  that the Borrower shall have entered into one
of the Subsidiary Loan Agreements referred to in Section
3.03 of this Agreement with an Eligible State.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the contractual arrangements referred to
in Section 3.02 of this Agreement have been duly
authorized and are legally binding upon the parties
thereto in accordance with their respective terms; and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement furnished to
the Bank pursuant to Section 6.01 (b) of this Agreement
has been duly authorized and is legally binding upon the
parties thereto in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03.  The date October 29, 1987, is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the
General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
       Representative of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01.  The Director General of the Borrower
is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Bank:
Page  10
          International Bank for
               Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:                Telex:
          INTBAFRAD                     440098 (ITT)
          WASHINGTON, D.C., U.S.A.      248423 (RCA) or
                                         64145 (WUI)
     For the Borrower:
          Banco Nacional de Obras y
          Servicios Publicos, S.N.C.
          Insurgentes Norte 423
          06900 Mexico, D.F.
          Mexico
     Cable address:                              Telex:
                    BANTECARIO                    BNDSME
                    MEXICO, D.F., MEXICO
01772619
Mexico City
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ S. Shahid Husain
                         Regional Vice President
                    Latin America and the Caribbean
                    BANCO NACIONAL DE OBRAS Y
                         SERVICIOS PUBLICOS, S.N.C.
                    By /s/ Carlos Sales Gutierrez
                         Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                     Amount of the
                    Loan Allocated      % of
                     (Expressed in      Expenditures
    Category      Dollar Equivalent)
Page  11
(1) Civil works       34,900,000        50%
    under Part A
    of the
    Project
(2) Civil works       45,500,000        50%
    under Part B
    of the
    Project
(3) Goods, in-         1,500,000        39%
    cluding equip-
    ment, spare
    parts and
    machinery
    under Part A
    of the Project
                       3,600,000        39%
(4) Goods, in-
    cluding equip-
    ment, spare
    parts and
    machinery
    under Part B
    of the Project
(5) Goods, in-          100,000         80%
    cluding equip-
    ment, spare
    parts and
    machinery
    under Part C
    of the Project
(6)                  Consultants'       3,400,000100% of
foreign
    services, tech-                     expenditures
    nical assistance
    and studies
    under Part A of
    the Project
(7) Consultants'       4,400,000        100% of foreign
    services, tech-                     expenditures
    nical assistance
    and studies
    under Part B of
    the Project
(8) Consultants'       2,300,000        100%
    services, tech-
    nical assistance
    and studies
    under Part C of
    the Project
(9) Subloans under     8,000,000        100% of amounts
    Part C (d) (i)                      disbursed by the
    of the Project                      Borrower under
                                        Subloans
(10)                Subloans under      8,400,000100% of
amounts
    Part C (d) (ii)                     disbursed by the
    of the Project                      Borrower under
                                        Subloans
(11)                 Reimbursement      500,000100% of
unpaid
    of Project                          principal of
    Preparation                         Project Prepara-
Page  12
    Advance                             tion Advance and
                                        unpaid interest
                                        and other
charges
                                        thereon
(12)                  Unallocated       12,400,000
                     ____________
       TOTAL          125,000,000
2.   For purposes of this Schedule, the term "foreign
expenditure" means expenditures in the currency of any
country other than that of the Guarantor, for goods or
services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Guarantor.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1
above, no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a) payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in a
total aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$12,500,000, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after July 23, 1986, as
follows: (i) $11,750,000 may be made in respect of
Categories (1) and (2); (ii) $250,000 may be made for
equipment under Categories (3), (4) and (5); and (iii)
$500,000 may be made in respect of Categories (6), (7)
and (8), or such other amounts in respect of such
Categories as shall be acceptable to the Bank, provided
that the total aggregate amount shall not be exceeded;
     (b) disbursements made by the Borrower under
Subsidiary Loans or Subloans, unless the Bank shall have
received evidence that the interest rates for such
Subsidiary Loans or Subloans, as the case may be, are in
compliance with the interest rates set forth in Schedules
7 and 8, respectively, to this Agreement;
     (c) disbursements made by the Borrower under
Category (9) for any Subloan to an Eligible Beneficiary
in the State of Nuevo T.eon until the studies set forth
in Part A (2) (a) (ii) of the Project have been completed
and the implementation of the appropriate plan of action
commenced in accordance with the Implementation Plan set
forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
     (d) disbursements made by the Borrower under
Category (10) for any Subloan to an Eligible Beneficiary
in the State of Mexico, until the studies set forth in
Part B (2) (a) (i) have been completed and the
implementation of the appropriate plan of action
commenced in accordance with the Implementation Plan set
forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement;
     (e) disbursements made by the Borrower under
Categories (9) and (10) for any Subloan to an Eligible
Beneficiary in any Eligible State for a Bus Investment
unless the Bank shall have received a financial,
technical, and economic analysis, acceptable to the Bank,
of the Eligible Beneficiary and the Bus Investment;
     (f) expenditures for construction of the pilot
maintenance facility under Part A (2) (c) of the Project
unless the feasibility studies set forth in Part A (2)
(a) (i) of the Project have been completed and an
operation agreement for such facility, acceptable to the
Bank, has been entered into between the State of Nuevo
Leon and representatives of private bus operators;
Page  13
     (g) all expenditures under Part A of the Project,
unless the maintenance operations referred to in Part A
(3) (a) of the Project have been established and
agreements, acceptable to the Bank, signed between the
State of Nuevo Leon and the municipalities of the
Monterrey Metropolitan Region; and
     (h) payments made for expenditures under Parts A or
B of the Project, unless the Bank has received
satisfactory evidence that the applicable Subsidiary Loan
Agreement has been entered into, including a satisfactory
legal opinion of counsel acceptable to the Bank, that
such Subsidiary Loan Agreement have been duly authorized
by the Borrower and the respective Eligible State and is
legally binding upon the parties thereto in accordance
with its terms.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are:
     (a) within the urban sector of the Eligible States
to: (i) improve the quality, accessibility, and
effectiveness of transport; (ii) preserve and maintain
infrastructure investments; and (iii) rationalize tariff
policies, improve the financial and economic viability
and sustainability of transport investments, and
encourage private sector participation; and
     (b) at the local and national levels, to strengthen
the capabilities of institutions engaged in urban
transport.
     The Project consists of the following Subprojects,
subject to such modifications thereof as the Bank and the
Borrower may agree upon from time to time to achieve such
objectives:
Part A: State of Nuevo Leon Subproject
     The Subproject will be carried out in the
Subproject Area, which shall be the Monterrey
Metropolitan Region, and shall consist of the following
components:
     1.  Traffic Corridor Improvements
     Construction of vehicular and pedestrian overpasses
     and other traffic engineering improvements in the
     Subproject Area.
     2.  Public Transport
     (a) Studies to: (i) define operational procedures
         for bus maintenance facilities; and (ii)
         rationalize bus routes and tariffs.
     (b) Development of an integrated state-wide
         transport plan.
     (c) Construction of a pilot maintenance facility
         for private operators.
     (d) Assist in the provision of credit to Eligible
         Beneficiaries, through the Borrower, for the
         purchase of buses.
3.   Road Maintenance
Page  14
     (a) A study to assist in the establishment of
         urban infrastructure maintenance operations
         and facilities in the State of Nuevo Leon,
         including analysis of procedures,
         identification of training needs, and
         development of an eight-year road maintenance
         program.
     (b) Implementation of such urban infrastructure
         maintenance operations, facilities and road
         maintenance program.
     4.  Traffic Systems Management
     (a) Improvements in traffic systems management in
         the Subproject Area, including bus flows and
         major arterial roads.
     (b) A study of traffic systems management.
Part B:  State of Mexico Subproject
     The Subproject will be carried out in the
Subproject Area, which shall be the Cuatitlan-Texcoco
Valley, and shall consist of the following components:
1.   Traffic Corridor Improvement
     Construction of roads and improvements in traffic
     flow in the Subproject Area.
2.   Public Transport
     (a) Studies of: (i) bus system management, route
         and tariff rationalization; and (ii) the
         medium- and long-range public transport
         program.
     (b) Establishment of a bus maintenance program.
     (c) Construction of bus maintenance facilities and
         an exclusive bus-way.
     (d) Acquisition and utilization of bus maintenance
         equipment.
     (e) Assist in the provision of credit to Eligible
         Beneficiaries, through the Borrower, for the
         purchase of buses.
3.   Road Maintenance
     (a) Development of an eight-year road maintenance
         program.
     (b) Implementation of such road maintenance plan.
4.   Traffic Systems Management
     (a) A study of traffic systems management to
         develop data, procedures and make
         recommendations to improve congested areas.
     (b) Improvements in traffic systems management in
         the Subproject Area.
Part C:  Federal Subproject
     (a) Feasibility studies in secondary cities ln the
         territory of the Guarantor for purposes of
         developing urban transport programs.
Page  15
     (b) Technical assistance to the Borrower for
         purposes of carrying out, monitoring and
         evaluating the Project.
     (c) Acquisition and utilization of equipment and
         materials, including computers and software,
         to assist the Borrower in program development
         and monitoring and evaluating the Project.
     (d) The provision of credit to Eligible Beneficia-
         ries through Subloans for the purchase of
         buses: (i) in the State of Nuevo Leon; and
         (ii) in the State of Mexico.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by June 30,
1995.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                  Date Payment Due
                                   Payment of
Principal                       (Expressed in dollars)*
On each December 15 and June 15
     beginning December 15, 1990
     through December 15, 2001        5,210,000
On June 15, 2002                      5,170,000
______________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
Time of Prepayment                 Premium
                              The interest rate (ex-
                              pressed as a percentage
                              per annum) applicable to
                              the balance outstanding
                              on the Loan on the day
                              of prepayment multiplied
                              by: 
Not more than three years
     before maturity                         0.20
More than three years but                    0.40
     not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years but                      0.73
     not more than 11 years
     before maturity
Page  16
More than 11 years but                       0.87
     not more than 13 years
     before maturity
More than 13 years before                    1.00
     maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
            Procurement of Goods and Works
              and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:  International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods under
contracts the estimated value of which exceeds the
equivalent of $200,000, works under contracts the
estimated value of which exceeds the equivalent of
$1,500,000, and all purchases of buses under Sub loans
shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with procedures consistent with those set forth in
Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall
be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $200,000 or more each; contracts for works
shall be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,500,000 or more; contracts for buses
shall be grouped in bid packages of approximately fifty
buses.
Part B: Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance:e with the
procedures described in Part A, paragraph 1 hereof, goods
manufactured in Mexico may be granted a margin of
preference in accordance with, and subject to, the
provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines
and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 1 thereto.
Part C:  Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Goods under contracts the estimated value of which
is the equivalent of $200,000 or less, up to an aggregate
of the equivalent of $12,000,000, and works under
contracts the estimated value of which is the equivalent
of $1,500,000 or less, up to an aggregate of $123,000,000
may be procured on the basis of competitive bidding
advertised locally, in accordance with bidding procedures
satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   Items or groups of items estimated to cost less than
the equivalent of $50,000 per contract, up to an
aggregate amount not to exceed the equivalent of
$1,000,000, may be procured under contracts awarded on
the basis of comparison of price quotations solicited
from a list of at least three suppliers eligible under
the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable
to the Bank.
3.   Road maintenance under Parts A (3) and B (3) of the
Project, and civil works for new construction under Parts
A (1), A (4), B (1) and B (4) of the Project may be
carried out under force account procedures acceptable to
the Bank, provided, however, that the cost of such civil
works for new construction carried out pursuant to this
Page  17
paragraph shall not exceed, in the aggregate, the
equivalent of $2,000,000.
Part D:  Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank, with
respect to each contract for works estimated to cost the
equivalent of $500,000 or more, and for each contract for
goods estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or
more, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments
for such contract are to be made out of the Special
Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d)
shall be furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the
first payment out of the Special Account in respect of
such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
     (d)  Prior review by the Bank shall be required of
all contracts for consultants' services for the carrying
out of studies, technical assistance and training.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist the Borrower and the Eligible
States in carrying out the Project, the Borrower shall
employ, or shall cause the Eligible States to employ,
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms
and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in accordance
with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank
as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "Eligible Categories" means Categories
(1) through (10) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
Page  18
     (b)  the term "Eligible Expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the Eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
     (c)  the term "Initial Deposit" means an amount
equivalent to nine million dollars ($9,000,000) to be
withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited in the
Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 of this Schedule.
2.   Payments out of the Special Account shall be made
exclusively for Eligible Expenditures in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule. The Borrower shall make
withdrawals from the Special Account for payments of
Eligible Expenditures on the basis of the evidence that
the Bank shall have reasonably determined, and shall
debit the Special Account with the amount ln dollars so
withdrawn or with the dollar equivalent of the currency
other than dollars in which the payment was made, deter-
mined on the basis of the rate of exchange between the
dollar and such currency in effect: (i) on the date each
payment shall have been made, if the payment has taken
place within 90 days before the date of the withdrawal in
question has been requested; or (ii) on the date each
withdrawal shall have been made.
3.   The Bank may, at the request of the Borrower,
withdraw on behalf of the Borrower from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account the Initial Deposit.
Thereafter, and on the basis of requests by the Borrower
furnished to the Bank at such intervals as the Bank shall
specify, the Bank shall further so withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Special Account such amounts
as shall be required to replenish the Special Account for
Eligible Expenditures, but only to the extent that the
amount of any such deposit, together with any amount
remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such request, shall not exceed, in the aggregate,
the equivalent of the Initial Deposit. Except as the Bank
may otherwise agree, each such deposit after the Initial
Deposit shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective Eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by the evidence supporting the request for such
deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   Prior to or at the time of each request by the
Borrower for a deposit by the Bank into the Special
Account after the Initial Deposit, the Borrower shall
furnish to the Bank in respect of each payment made by
the Borrower out or the Special Account such documents
and other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for Eligible
Expenditures.
5.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of
this Schedule, when the tot a' unwithdrawn amount of the
Loan allocated to the Categories, minus the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Bank
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions, shall
be equal to the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Initial Deposit, the Bank shall be entitled, after
consultation with the Borrower, to reduce the percentage
of disbursements for Eligible Expenditures or take any
other action which will ensure the Bank that by the time
of disbursement of the total amount of the proceeds of
the Loan, all deposits (including the Initial Deposit
made by the Bank into the Special Account) were made for
Page  19
Eligible Expenditures.
6.   (a) If the Bank shall have determined that any
payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for any
expenditures or in any amount not eligible for financing
by withdrawal from the Loan Account; or (ii) was not
justified by the documentation furnished pursuant to
paragraph 4 above, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of
such circumstances, and if, after a period of 30 days
from the issuance of such notice, an amount equal to the
amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified has not been deposited by the
Borrower into the Special Account or, if the Bank shall
so request, refunded to the Bank, the Bank may, without
in any way restricting or limiting any other right,
power, or remedy of the Bank under the Loan Agreement,
refrain from making further deposits into such Account.
     (b)  If any amount outstanding in the Special
Account will not be required to cover further payments
for Eligible Expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly
upon notice from the Bank, and unless otherwise agreed by
the Bank, refund to the Bank such amount then outstanding
in the Special Account for crediting to the Loan Account
and immediate cancellation.
                      SCHEDULE 6
                  Implementation Plan
1.   Unless otherwise agreed by the Bank, the following
shall be the schedule for implementation of the studies
and plans described in Schedule 2. The dates listed below
reflect the first, second, third, or fourth quarter of
each calendar year; actions described shall be taken by
the last day of each quarter so listed.
                                      Propose
                             Review   plan of  Begin
                             results  action   imple-
                             of study accept-  mentation
             Begin   Complete with     able to  plan of
   Studies   study      by   study by Bank by  Bank action
1. Bus Route  3/87   1/88     2/88     3/88    4/88
   and Tariff
   Study
   (Part A (2)
   (a) (ii))
2. Bus Main-  3/87   1/88     2/88     3/88    4/88
   tenance
   Operations
   Study (Part
   A (2) (a) (i))
3. Integrated 3/87   4/88     1/89     2/89    3/89
   Transport
   Plan (Part
   A (2) (b))
4. Road Main- 3/87   3/88     4/88     1/89    2/89
   tenance
   Program
   (Part A (3)
   (a))
5. Traffic    3/87   2/88     4/87     1/88    2/88
   Systems
   Management
Page  20
   Study (Part
   A (4) (b))
6. Bus Manage-3/87   1/88     2/88     3/88    4/88
   ment, Route
   and Tariff
   Study (Part
   B (2) (a) (i))
7. Medium- and4/87   4/88     1/89     2/89    3/89
   Long-Range
   Public
   Transport
   Study (Part
   B (2) (a) (ii))
8. Bus Main-  4/87   2/89     3/89     4/89    1/90
   tenance
   Program
   (Part B (2)
   (b))
9. Road Main- 3/87   3/88     4/88     1/89    2/89
   tenance
   Program
   (Part B (3)
   (a))
10. Traffic   3/87   3/88     1/88     4/88    1/89
   Systems                  (prelim-
   Management                inary)
   Study (Part
   B (4) (a))
11. Sector    3/87   3/88     4/88     1/89    2/89
   Studies in
   Secondary
   Cities
   (Part C (a))
2.  Review of the implementation of each plan of action
referred to above shall be on a quarterly basis,
beginning on a date acceptable to the Bank.
                      SCHEDULE 7
          Terms and Conditions of Subsidiary
               Loans to Eligible States
General Provisions
1.  Repayment Term.  Subsidiary Loans shall have an
amortization period not to exceed fifteen years,
including a maximum grace period of three years.
2.  Interest Rate.  The interest rate on Subsidiary
Loans shall be variable and shall be set nd readjusted in
accordance with the variations of the Reference Rate;
such interest rate shall he 80% of the Reference Rate.
3.  Currency.  Subsidiary Loans shall be made and repaid
in pesos.
4.  Specific Terms and Conditions. Each Subsidiary Loan
shall be made pursuant to a written Subsidiary Loan
Agreement, on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Bank, including, inter alia, specific provisions
establishing the Eligible State's obligations to:
    (a)  Performance Standards. Carry out the Subproject
with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
Page  21
appropriate technical, administrative and financial
practices.
    (b)  Procurement.  Procure goods, works and services
required for the carrying out of the relevant Subproject
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement, such goods, works and services to be used
exclusively for the carrying out of such Subproject.
    (c)  Counterpart Funds. Provide counterpart
financing for the relevant Subproject in the form of,
funds, land, infrastructure, materials, and labor and any
other resources as may be required to carry out such
Subproject and achieve the objectives of the Project.
    (d)  Records and Accounts. Maintain separate
Subproject records and accounts adequate to reflect, in
accordance with sound accounting practices, the
operations, resources, and expenditures with respect to
the Sub-project.
    (e)  Auditing. (i) Have the records and accounts
referred to in subparagraph (d) above for each fiscal
year audited in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards and procedures consistently applied,
by independent and qualified auditors; (ii) furnish to
the Borrower and the Bank as soon as available, but in
any case not later than six months after the end of each
such year: (A) certified copies of the records and
accounts so audited; and (B) the report of such audit by
said auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
Bank shall have reasonably requested; and (iii) furnish
to the Borrower and the Bank such other information
concerning said records and accounts as well as the audit
thereof as the Borrower or the Bank shall reasonably
request.
    (f)  Statements of Expenditure. (i) Maintain
separate records and accounts in accordance with
subparagraph (d) above, reflecting all expenditures with
respect to which withdrawals form the Loan Account were
made on the basis of statements of expenditure; (ii)
retain, until at least one year after the Bank has
received the audit report for the fiscal year in which
the last withdrawal from the Loan Account was made, all
records (contracts, orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
other documents) evidencing such expenditures; (iii)
enable the representatives of the Borrower and the Bank
to examine such records and accounts; and (iv) ensure
that such separate records are included in the annual
audit referred to in subparagraph (e) above and that the
report thereof contains, in respect of such separate
accounts, a separate opinion by said auditors as to
whether the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn in respect of
such expenditures were used for the purposes for which
they were provided.
    (g)  Implementation Plan.  Carry out the studies
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement in accordance
with the Implementation Plan set forth in Schedule 6 to
this Agreement.
    (h)  Bus Investment Coordination.  Coordinate the
making of Bus Investments and assist in the provision of
credit to Eligible Beneficiaries in the Eligible State,
including ensuring that proposed Bus Investments are in
compliance with applicable transport policies and
regulations and the relevant Plans of Action, as accepted
by the Bank, set forth in Schedule 6 to this Agreement,
and the procedures, terms and conditions set forth in
Schedule 8 to this Agreement.
Page  22
    (i)  Annual Investment Plan.  Furnish to the
Borrower and the Bank for the Bank's review and comment,
by no later than thirty days before the end of each
Fiscal Year, to proposed Annual Investment Plan,
including the annual budget allocations made and proposed
to be made by each Eligible State for purposes of
providing counterpart funding for, and the carrying out
of, its Annual Investment Plan and the relevant
Subproject.
    (j)  Road Maintenance.  (i) Prepare a proposed
annual road maintenance program and budget; (ii) submit
the proposed annual road maintenance program and budget
to the Borrower and the Bank for review and comment by
not Later than thirty days before the end of the fiscal
year; and (iii) maintain adequate levels of annual budget
allocations for road maintenance in the Eligible State,
and adequately maintain roads, as determined by criteria
acceptable to the Bank, in the respective Subproject Area
(as that term is defined for each Subproject in Schedule
2 to this Agreement).
    Each Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall also include
the Borrower's right to:
         (1)  Inspection and Records. Inspect, by
              itself or jointly with representatives of
              the Bank, if the Bank shall so request,
              the goods and the sites, works, and
              construction included in the relevant
              Subproject, the operation thereof and all
              urban transport operations and facilities
              in the Subproject Area (as that term is
              defined in Schedule 2 to this Agreement),
              and any relevant records and documents;
         (2)  Information. Obtain from the Eligible
              State all such information as the
              Borrower or the Bank, through the
              Borrower, shall reasonably request
              related to the foregoing provisions of
              the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
         (3)  Suspension and Termination.  Suspend or
              terminate the right of the Eligible State
              to use the proceeds of the Subsidiary
              Loan upon failure by the Eligible State,
              to perform any of its obligations under
              the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, or upon
              notice by the Bank that it intends to
              exercise its remedies under Article V of
              the Loan Agreement.
II. Provisions Applicable to the State of Nuevo Leon
    The State of Nuevo Leon shall take all actions
necessary to ensure the establishment of urban
infrastructure maintenance operations and facilities in
the Monterrey Metropolitan Region.
III.     Provisions Applicable to the State of Mexico
1.  (a)  The State of Mexico declares its commitment to
the reduction of financial deficit in urban transport and
to this end, states that it shall cause COTREM to make
substantial progress towards improving the financial
condition of its bus operations within two years of the
Effective Date of the Loan Agreement, and shall cause
such improvement to be maintained thereafter.  For
purposes of this Section, the phrase "improving the
financial condition" means decreasing the ration of total
Page  23
working expenses to total operating revenues in COTREM's
bus operations, so as to achieve a ratio of not higher
than 100%.
    (b)  Before June 30 in each of its fiscal years, the
State of Mexico shall furnish to the Borrower and the
Bank a report, of such scope and detail as the Bank shall
reasonably request, on the progress made, and the
measures to be taken, by COTREM towards improving the
financial condition of its bus operations.
    (c)  For the purposes of this Section:
         (i)  The term "total working expenses" means
              all expenses related to operations,
              including administration, adequate
              maintenance, taxes and payments in lieu
              of taxes.
        (ii)  The term "total operating revenues"
              means revenues from all sources
              related to operations.
                      SCHEDULE 8
             Terms and Conditions of, and
               Procedures, for Subloans
    Unless the Bank shall otherwise agree, all Subloans
shall be made in accordance with the following terms,
conditions, and procedures:
I.  Terms and Conditions
1.  Repayment Term.  Subloans shall have an amortization
period not to exceed three years and shall not include a
grace period.
2.  Interest Rate.  The interest rate on Subloans shall
be variable and shall be set and readjusted in accordance
with the variations of the Reference Rate.  The interest
rate for Subloans made prior to July 1, 1989, shall be
100% of the Reference Rate.  The interest rate for
Subloans made on or after July 1, 1989, shall be 100% of
the Reference Rate plus two percentage points.
3.  Currency.  Subloans shall be made and repaid in
pesos.
5.  Maximum Percentage Financing.  Each Subloan may
finance only up to 80% of the estimated cost of the Bus
Investment for which a Subloan is made, exclusive of
taxes; such estimated cost to be acceptable to the Bank.
II. Procedures
1.  Each Subloan shall have been approved by the Bank,
and the expenditures financed thereunder shall have been
made not earlier than ninety days of the date on which
the Bank shall have received in respect of such Subloan
the application and information required under paragraph
2 (a) below of this Schedule.
2.  (a)  When presenting a Subloan to the Bank for
approval, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank an
application, in a form satisfactory to the Bank, together
with: (i) a description of the Bus Investment; and (ii)
such other information as the Bank shall reasonably
request.
    (b)  Applications made pursuant to the provisions of
Page  24
paragraph (a) of this Section shall be presented to the
Bank on or before December 31, 1994.
3.  Each Subloan shall he made pursuant to a written
Subloan Agreement between the Borrower and the Eligible
Beneficiary, which shall include, inter alia, the
following:
    (i)  Procurement. The Subloan Agreement shall esta-
         blish the Eligible BenefIciary's obligation to
         purchase buses required for the relevant Bus
         Investment in accordance with the provisions
         of Schedule 4 to this Agreement, such buses to
         be used exclusively for purposes of carrying
         out the Bus Investment.
   (ii)  Inspection and Suspension. Each Subloan
         Agreement shall include the Borrower's
         right:
         (1)  to inspect, by itself or jointly with
              representatives of the Bank, if the Bank
              shall so request, such buses, the
              operation thereof, and  all relevant
              records and documents;
         (2)  to obtain from the Eligible Beneficiary,
              all such information as the Borrower or
              the Bank, through the Borrower, shall
              reasonably request related to the
              foregoing provisions of the Subloan
              Agreement; and
         (3)  to suspend or terminate the right of the
              Eligible Beneficiary to use the proceeds
              of the Subloan upon failure by the
              Eligible Beneficiary to perform any of
              its obligations under the Subloan
              Agreement, or upon notice by the Bank
              that it intends to exercise any of its
              remedies under Article V of the Loan
              Agreement.
