Page  1
                                                     June 18, 1992
Mr. Laoual Chaffani
Minister of Finance and Planning
B. P. 862
Niamey
Republic of Niger
            Re: Niger: Credit NO. 2360-NIR (Population Project)
                Amendment to the Development Credit Agreement
Excellency:
      We have the honor to refer to the above-mentioned Development
Credit Agreement, dated May 22, 1992 (the Agreement), between the
Republic of Niger and the International Development Association, and
to invite your attention couple of modifications to Schedule 2 of
the Agreement which were agreed upon during negotiations but,
inadvertently, reflected in the French, but not in the English,
version of the Agreement.
      In order to correct to record accordingly, we propose to amend
Part C of Schedule 2 to the Agreement as follows:
      1.    in paragraph I thereof, by deleting sub-paragraph (b)
and renumbering the existing sub-paragraph (c) accordingly as sub-
paragraph (b); and
      2.    in paragraph 3 thereof, by deleting therein the amount
of "$1.0 million" and substituting therefor the following amount:
"$O.5 million".
      Please indicate your agreement to the foregoing amendment, on
behalf of the Borrower, by signing and dating the confirmation form
on the enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to us for our
records.
      In view of their involvement in the Project, we are taking the
liberty to address copies of this letter to Mr. Saidou Souleymane,
Minister of Public Health and Ms. Aissata Bagna, Minister of Social
Development, Population and Women's Promotion.
                                 Very truly yours,
                      INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT  ASSOCIATION
                               Birger J . Fredriksen
                                  Division Chief
                          Population and Human Resources
                              Operations, Department
CONFIRMED:
REPUBLIC OF NIGER
By
   Authorized Representative\1a
