Report No. PIC5044
Project Name                             China-Energy Conservation Project (+)
Region                                   East Asia and Pacific
Sector                                   Other Power and Energy Conversion
Project ID                               CNPA3606
GEF Focal Area                           Climate Change
GEF Eligibility                          Convention Ratified January 5, 1993
Total Project Costs                      $177.7-227.7 million
GEF Grand Total                          $22.7 million
GEF Financing                            GEF grant:             $ 22.0 million
EC grant:              $ 5.0 million
Government grants:     $ 7.0 million
IBRD loan:             $ 65.0 million
Government loans:      $ 37.0 million
Domestic banks:        $ 41-91 million
GEF Operational Focal Point              GEF Operations Committee,
Ministry of Finance
GEF Implementing Agency                  The World Bank
Government Implementing Agency           State Economic and Trade Commission
Local Counterpart Agencies               Provincial Economic   Committees;
three Energy Management Companies
Estimated Board Approval Date            March 1998
Project Duration                         6 years
GEF Preparation Costs                    GEF PDF Block C: $700,000 (approved
in a Block B tranche of $350,000
in May 1996 and second (Block C)
tranche of $350,000 in November 1996)
China: Energy Conservation Project
Sectoral Context
1.      Background. The burning of fossil fuels and other human
activities are changing the balance of C02 and other heat-trapping
gases in the atmosphere. According to scientific theory, this
"greenhouse effect" has the potential to dramatically alter the
earth's climate in a relatively short span of time. Energy is the
largest source of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions worldwide, and
China currently accounts for about 10 percent of global C02
emissions from energy use, behind the US (21 percent), countries of
the former Soviet Union (18 percent), and Europe (21 percent).



However, among countries and regions with the highest GHG
emissions, only China is likely to maintain rapid rates of economic
growth well into the next century and this will require a
significant expansion in coal use, China's principal energy
resource. An aggressive program to promote energy conservation and
renewable energy will be required to limit the growth in GHG
emissions between 1990 and 2020 from an otherwise threefold
increase.
2.      A GHG abatement strategy for China has been jointly prepared
by the Bank, UNDP, China's National Environmental Protection
Agency, and China's State Planning Commission (SPC), with GEF
support, involving a comprehensive analysis of the full range of
abatement options and their relative costs and benefits.(see 1/)     The
study concluded that the top priority for specific action to
mitigate GHG emissions in China over the short and medium term is
to improve the technical efficiency of energy use. A second
important objective, especially over the longer term, is the
expanded use of less carbon-intensive alternatives to coal. Because
of the huge potential, and China's continued rapid economic growth,
improvements in energy efficiency in China over the next two-and-
one-half decades offer the world the largest and lowest-cost means
of reducing GHG emissions.
3.      China's Energy Conservation Program. The need to improve the
efficiency of energy use, in parallel with the development of
additional energy supplies, has been a cornerstone of China's
energy policy for over 15 years. Although substantial success has
been achieved in energy efficiency, it is widely recognized both
inside and outside China that far greater improvements are critical
to the country's economic and environmental future. The enormous
potential for cost-effective improvements in energy efficiency in
China, especially in the industrial sector, is well documented in a
number of detailed studies completed both in China and abroad.(see 2/)
China's industrial sector alone accounts for nearly three-quarters
of China's C02 emissions from energy consumption. One source of
major energy efficiency improvements is through further progress in
overall economic reform, such as improvement in economies of scale
in new plants, and large-scale industrial enterprise restructuring
and renovation projects. A second important area of energy
conservation potential is more narrowly focused on improving the
energy efficiency of specific types of widely-used equipment, such
as electric motors and drive systems, boilers and steam systems,
heat recovery systems, lighting, and cooling equipment.
4.      China's existing energy conservation system is among the most
extensive in the world. During the 1980s, China successfully
developed a comprehensive energy conservation program, including
major policy directives, procedures, regulations, technical
assistance programs, and project financing initiatives. The
institutional framework for energy conservation in China includes a
series of specialized energy conservation units within national,
provincial and county/municipal government agencies, operating
under the State Economic and Trade Commission (SETC) and its
provincial and local affiliated commissions. The system was quite
- 2 -



effective under the centrally planned economy, taking advantage of
the well-established system of industrial enterprise energy input
quotas and government investment funding mechanisms for investment
in state-owned enterprises. With the ongoing conversion of China's
economic system to a market economy, however, the established
system for promoting energy conservation must be transformed to
operate more effectively in the new environment. Without timely
change, many of the critical gains in capacity building achieved
during the last decade-and-a-half may be lost, especially the gains
achieved in development of technical expertise in energy
conservation project work.
5.      The Government recognizes the need to adapt China's energy
conservation system to maximize the play of market forces, and
strongly supports the development of market-driven energy
efficiency initiatives. In the key area of retail energy pricing,
major reforms pursued during the late 1980s and 1990s have brought
average retail energy prices to levels at or above the cost of
supply. Although problems remain in some sectors (e.g., natural gas
prices for agricultural fertilizer), the prices that most Chinese
consumers pay for energy no longer pose a major constraint to
widespread adoption of energy conservation measures. Coal prices
have been largely deregulated, and average electricity prices paid
by consumers in most major load centers now approximate long-run
marginal costs. As part of the China GHG Study, twenty-one
industrial energy efficiency case studies, representing a wide
range of industries and locations throughout China, were carried
out. In all cases, the industries were found to be paying market
prices for their major energy supplies (coal and electricity), and
all exhibited financial rates of return of over 15 percent, with
three quarters having returns of 20 percent or higher.(see 3/)
6.      Many challenges, however, are involved in moving to market-
driven energy conservation. Because many of the administrative
measures previously used to promote energy conservation are now
becoming ineffective, promotion efforts must be build on the
interest of enterprises themselves to undertake energy efficiency
measures, as a means to increase enterprise profits and/or meet
environmental regulations. New and different financing approaches
and mechanisms are needed, and promotion activities must better
focus on and utilize the direct self-interest of enterprises.
Support for the introduction of market-oriented approaches is
especially important at this phase, when market incentives for
energy conservation are increasing, but: (i) knowledge among most
enterprise managers of the most cost-effective energy efficiency
options is weak, and (ii) the institutional system for promoting
energy conservation has little experience with market-oriented
methods and mechanisms.
7.      Barriers to Energy Conservation. Although the analysis for
the China GHG Study showed that energy efficiency projects across
China have sound life-cycle financial returns, only a small portion
have been implemented. Many of the barriers to the adoption of
commercially available energy-efficient projects in China are
similar to those found in other countries, but, in some cases, they
- 3 -



are exacerbated under current Chinese conditions:
(a) Inadequate information. Enterprises and individuals lack
information about energy-saving investments, especially on
financial aspects and the implementation experiences of others.
China has developed various mechanisms for distribution of
technical information on energy efficient technologies and
renovation measures within the energy conservation community and to
interested factory engineers. The system falls far short of current
needs, not only in terms of coverage, but particularly in terms of
focus -- little information is available for the real
decisionmakers (enterprise managers) concerning how specific energy
conservation projects can yield direct financial benefits to
enterprises, implementation measures from experience, impacts on
production (if any), and other practical concerns.
(b) Technology transfer barriers. While some state-of-the-art
energy efficient technologies have been introduced in China, they
have not been widely distributed and the average technological
level of much equipment is still quite low. Production of high-
energy efficiency equipment, based on technologies developed in
other countries, is just beginning in China, and has not yet
significantly penetrated the domestic market.
(c) Risk. Perceived technical and financial risks to enterprises in
adopting innovative energy saving technologies are very high in
China. Fears that an untried technology may not work, could
interrupt production, may take time to perfect, or will not
actually result in financial savings, all inhibit enterprise
management from adopting new energy-saving technologies.
(d) Real and perceived insignificance of many energy efficiency
investments. Many worthwhile energy efficiency investments are
relatively small, and while they may yield sound financial returns
as measured by high rates-of-return or short payback periods, the
value of the savings achieved typically is only a small percentage
of enterprise operating costs. Enterprise managers are most
interested in expanding production and increasing market share,
and, especially if there is some perceived risk involved, they
usually show little interest in these types of projects.
(e) High transaction costs. Much of the potential for energy
savings in China is through implementation of large numbers of
individually small projects. However, energy efficiency projects
often carry high costs (particularly high opportunity costs of key
skilled enterprise personnel) for obtaining and checking
information, planning and design, arranging financing,
implementation scheduling, monitoring initial performance and
implementing necessary adjustments. Especially where the benefits
are relatively small, enterprises are reluctant to incur these
costs.
(f) Difficulties in arranging financing. Most banks and other
lending institutions in China are hesitant to lend for projects to
reduce operating costs alone. Financial institutions in China (and
- 4 -



elsewhere) are generally not familiar or adept at analyzing the
financial aspects of these investments, and hence even less willing
to extend credit for energy conservation projects.
(g) Institutional constraints. China's present energy conservation
system, while extensive, is not geared to provide the type of
support needed by enterprises under the market system. Market-based
institutions, such as the Energy Service Companies (ESCOs)
developed in other countries to pursue contract energy management
ventures, do not exist in China. No international ESCOs are active
in China, largely due to the lack of familiarity and any experience
in the concept in China, and the degree of difficulty and perceived
high risks of establishing and enforcing energy management
contracts.
Project Objectives
8.      The main objective of the project is to achieve large,
sustained and growing increases in energy efficiency, and
associated reductions in the rate of growth in carbon dioxide
emissions and other pollutants, through the introduction,
demonstration, and dissemination of new project financing concepts
and market-oriented institutions to promote and implement energy
efficiency measures in China. The project would support the
establishment, pilot testing, and commercial demonstration of
Energy Management Companies (EMCs) in three provinces of China,
that would engage in self-sustaining energy efficiency investments
through energy performance contracting. The demonstration of the
ESCO concept would be followed in a second phase by a program to
expand the energy performance contracting concept to other parts of
China and through more varied applications (e.g., leasing, Chinese-
foreign joint ventures). In addition, the project seeks to achieve
increases in energy efficiency by strengthening China's national
efforts to provide access to information concerning successful
domestic experiences in energy efficiency measures and projects,
geared in particular to financial decisionmakers in enterprises.
Project Description
9.      Energy Management Company Demonstration (US$163-213 million).
Under this core component, three demonstration Energy Management
Companies (EMCs) will be developed, begin operation, and expand as
commercial businesses. The three EMCs will adapt, operationalize,
and develop energy performance contracting, as developed by ESCOs
in other countries, for the first time in China. The EMCs will
undertake investment projects in other "host" enterprises. Although
additional financing mechanisms may be developed over time, in this
demonstration phase the EMCs will finance the investment, shoulder
most of the technical and financial risk, and initially own the
equipment installed in the host enterprises. The EMCs will be paid
by the host enterprises from a share of the energy savings actually
achieved, according to a contract, until the EMC is fully
compensated for the investment, operating costs, risks undertaken,
and a reasonable profit. Thereafter, the equipment ownership would
be transferred to the enterprise, with the enterprise receiving all
- 5 -



of the further financial benefits of the energy savings. As shown
through North American experience, if the EMC selects good projects
and manages them well, it should earn profits for steady growth.
The host enterprise faces minor risk, provides no investment
capital, and eventually owns more efficient equipment and enjoys
accompanying reduced energy costs.
10.     In anticipation of this project, three EMCs were established
following a competitive selection process undertaken by the SETC,
in Shandong Province, Liaoning Province and Beijing Municipality in
mid-1996 as publicly-owned, provincial-level companies. Through the
pilot projects, the EMCs will develop and implement the contract
energy management concept in the three Chinese Provinces, with
different technologies, consumer types, and contract variations.
GEF funding of US$15 million for the incremental costs of
demonstrating the EMC concept is proposed.
11.     Information Dissemination Component (US$10 million). This
component will strengthen China's programs to collect information
relevant to enterprise managers on the results of previous energy
conservation projects and especially their profitability, and to
disseminate this information more effectively. The component would
be supported with GEF and Government funds. An improved information
development and dissemination program will be implemented through a
new national-level energy efficiency information dissemination
center, developed within an existing institution. Information will
be provided by the Center free of charge, and the Center's regular
operations will be financially supported by the Government under a
performance contract. Key outputs of the Center will include Best
Practice Energy Conservation Project Case Studies and Technical
Guides, based in part on a successful UK Government program. The
Best Practice Case Studies to be developed and disseminated by the
Center must be based on projects where investment is already
arranged from domestic or international sources. Dissemination will
be conducted through existing government, industry, and
professional networks, using: newsletters, expert presentations at
existing training forums, site visits, workshops, government work
conferences, and published professional articles. GEF funding of
US$5 million is proposed to cover the incremental costs of
establishing a new national energy information program.
12.     Program Management and Monitoring (US$4 million). Support
will be provided for: (a) training of Project Management Office
(PMO) staff and the PMO's engagement of experts to assist in
project management, monitoring and evaluation, development of
policy recommendations on the new energy conservation investment
mechanisms, and dissemination of lessons learned; (b) a program to
support the development of proposals for the establishment of new
EMCs, and introduction of these proposals to potential domestic
financiers or foreign joint-venture partners; (c) a conference to
introduce the initial results of the three demonstration EMCs and
EMC concepts to the domestic financial and banking community; and
(d) preparation of the Phase II EMC expansion component. GEF
funding of US$2 million is proposed to cover the incremental costs
of managing and monitoring the above two components and preparing
- 6 -



the following component.
13.     Phase II EMC Expansion Component. While Phase I will
demonstrate the EMC concept in three provinces of China, full
success (and greatest cost-effectiveness) of the project requires
the expansion and dissemination of the concept to other EMCs
throughout China. Under Phase II, support would be provided for the
implementation of proposals for developing a variety of different
types of EMCs, including joint-ventures with foreign companies,
selected through an open and competitive process. An important
criteria for judging Phase II proposals will be, building on the
experience in Phase I, movement toward full cost-recovery and
higher levels of profitability. The final design of this component
will be completed during implementation of the other project
components, based on the emerging experience of the three
demonstration EMCs, and definition of specific barriers to further
development of EMCs in China and the actions required to overcome
them.
Project Cost and Financing
14.     As shown in Table 1 at the end of this brief, total project
costs and financing requirements from all sources (other than
equity contributions), are estimated at about US$178-228 million,
with the range depending upon the rate of successful growth of the
three demonstration EMCs. The incremental cost of Phase I program
components is estimated at $27 million of which, the EC would
provide $5 million. GEF financial support for the project would
total US$ 22.7 million, of which US$ 0.7 million represents PDF
preparation grants, and US$ 22 million the incremental costs of
Phase I. More information on the incremental cost analysis is
presented in Annex 1. GEF funding for Phase II, as well as
additional counterpart financing and cofinancing will be sought by
the Chinese and Bank teams as part of the future preparation of
Phase II.
15.     The proposed financing plan for the demonstration EMC
component includes about $122 million in targeted grant and loan
funds, and $41-91 million of domestic commercial bank financing in
the later years of implementation. EC grant funding of about $5
million has been approved, and GEF funding of about $15 million is
proposed, together with concessional loan financing allocated by
the SETC ($37 million), to support the first demonstration projects
of the three EMCs. Based on the commitment of EC/GEF/SETC funds,
the three EMCs have contributed a total of RMB 75 million ($9
million) of equity capital.
16.     Following completion of a major technical assistance effort,
EMC operations will begin with implementation of a series of pilot
projects. A first set of pilot projects will begin implementation
in June 1997, prior to Board approval of the GEF and IBRD project,
financed by the European Commission (EC) and SETC. Pilot project
implementation will then continue and expand with GEF and SETC
financing during the first 2-3 years of the project. IBRD funds
will support replication of successful EC/GEF/SETC pilot projects
-7 -



and EMC growth. Domestic commercial banks would gradually become
the dominant source of financing for EMC operations. Figure 1
illustrates the proposed sequencing of financing for the three EMCs.
(Figure 1 is available only on hard copy upon request at the Public
Information center)
17.     The cost and financing requirement of the information
dissemination component is estimated at about $10 million
equivalent over five years. The costs for the regular operation of
the Center and the information dissemination program, provisionally
estimated at about $1 million equivalent per year ($5 million
total), would be supported with Government grants. GEF financing of
about $5 million would support incremental costs associated with
the establishment of the program, the building of institutional
capacity at the new Center and among subcontractors, and the
development and dissemination of some of the initial outputs, on a
demonstration basis. Bilateral donor assistance for project
financing of some of the case study investments would improve the
early operation and results of the program, and will be sought by
the Chinese and Bank teams.
18.     The program management and monitoring component is estimated
to cost about $4 million, with financing proposed of up to $2
million of GEF funds and $2 million equivalent of government
counterpart funds.
19.     Phasing of the Proposed GEF Grant. GEF financing for the
project will be sought in two tranches. The first tranche includes
GEF financing support for Phase I components (EMC Demonstration,
Information Dissemination, and Program Management and Monitoring),
totaling $22 million. A second tranche of GEF financing, the size
of which will be determined during implementation of Phase I, will
be sought for the Phase II Expansion Component. GEF Council
approval for Phase II will be sought 12-18 months after Bank
management approval of the Phase I project. Preparation and
implementation of the Phase II Component is scheduled behind the
other components so that its detailed design can build upon the
implementation experience of the initial EMC pilot projects.
Support for Phase II preparation is included in the Program
Management and Monitoring Component. Conditions for submission of
the Phase II request to the GEF Council include: (a) completion of
an evaluation of implementation results of the initial pilot
projects in the EMC Demonstration Component, including technical
and financial performance against indicators agreed at project
appraisal; (b) assessment of lessons learned, identification of
issues requiring resolution, and proposed solutions; (c) completion
and evaluation of a conference on EMC results with the domestic
financing community, supported under the Program Management and
Monitoring Component; and (d) arrangement of suitable counterpart
financing/cofinancing.
Rationale for GEF and Bank Involvement
20.     China ratified the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate
Change on January 5, 1993. The project is consistent with
- 8 -



Operational Program #5 of the GEF Operational Strategy for climate
change, where one of the long-term mitigation measures is to remove
the barriers to energy conservation and energy efficiency. The
introduction of a contract energy management system for energy
conservation has not yet been supported on a large scale by the
World Bank or the GEF, although such a system is viewed in the
industry as a key future direction for energy conservation in
developing countries, based on experience in developed countries.
With EC cofinancing of incremental costs, Government financial
support above the levels of GEF input, and the IBRD and commercial
bank participation, GEF resources are highly leveraged. Preliminary
estimates of the direct energy-related C02 reductions that will be
achieved by the project are 200 million tons (mt) for the EMC
component, and 240 mt for the information component. The GEF cost
per ton of C02 reduced is around US15 cents/ton for the EMC
component and 8 cents/ton for the information component, showing
clearly that energy efficiency projects in China are among the most
cost-effective in the GEF portfolio.
21.     GEF Energy Efficiciency Strategy for China. The overall GEF
program to assist China to reduce GHG emissions through energy
efficiency improvements consists of a portfolio of projects which
have been approved or are under preparation; they include two UNDP-
implemented technical assistance projects (the approved Energy
Conservation in Township and Village Enterprises (TVEs) Project,
and the proposed High-efficiency Refrigerator Project, under
preparation) and two World Bank-implemented investment projects
(the approved Efficient Industrial Boilers Project; and the
proposed Energy Conservation Project). As a whole, the program
seeks to alleviate the barriers listed above through a combination
of mutually reinforcing measures to: (a) improve access to relevant
information, (b) facilitate the transfer of advance technology,
especially for production of high-efficiency equipment, and (c)
develop institutions and financing mechanisms which can more
effectively spur energy conservation investment under the market
economy.
22.     The TVE, boilers and refrigerator projects each combine a
series of efforts to alleviate barriers for a specific subsector.
The TVE project focuses on the development of interventions
specifically geared for this growing, collectively-owned sector,
where energy efficiency work has traditionally been under-supported
in China. The boiler and refrigerator projects focus on technology
transfer for domestic production of more efficient new energy-using
equipment, and the information dissemination, institutional
development, and policy strengthening needed for interventions to
be sustainable.
23.     This proposed Energy Conservation Project maintains a broad,
cross-subsector focus squarely on the issue of adaptation of
China's energy conservation system to better meet the needs of a
market economy. The project seeks to both institute an improved
national information dissemination program for all types of
projects, and to develop energy performance contracting as a new
financing mechanism, geared specifically to alleviate barriers of
-9-



perceived risk, low financial significance of small projects, high
transaction costs, and enterprise financing constraints. The
Government views this project as a national priority in its climate
change mitigation program, and the national GEF focal point
endorsement letter is attached as Annex 2. (Annex 2 available only
in hard copy upon request from the Public Information Center)
24.     GEF and EC support are essential for the implementation of
the first phases of the project, focusing on the introduction,
adaptation and demonstration of the concepts in the Chinese
economy. The lack of actual, on-the-ground experience with the
concept, requiring adaptation to Chinese legal, taxation, financial
and institutional systems, is the major barrier which has arrested
development of this concept in China so far, by either domestic or
joint-venture firms. No commercial entity is willing or able to
incur these upfront development costs. While the Chinese Government
has expressed a strong commitment to the project, evident in its
financial support, the Government also has been clear that it
cannot sanction borrowing of IBRD or commercial bank funds for the
initial development and demonstration of the energy performance
contracting concept, which is commercially unproven in China. GEF
PDF support already has played a role in the necessary upfront
technical assistance. The support approved by the EC is important
in that it allows some initial experience to be gained in
implementation of a small number of pilot projects prior to GEF and
IBRD project approval. GEF support, blended with Government
counterpart financing, is critical for the demonstration of the
energy performance contracting concept in the three EMCs,
development and adaptation of the new information dissemination
methods and practices, and the institution building necessary to
sustain these activities. The IBRD loan is an essential part of the
package, as it provides the loan capital for the EMCs to develop
and grow as commercial businesses. The IBRD loan will be onlent to
the EMCs on commercial terms, and successful EMC growth under
market conditions will provide the best demonstration of the
concept's viability to domestic commercial banks.
Implementation Arrangements
25.     The SETC will be responsible for coordination of project
implementation, assisted by other agencies and research units. The
SETC, and the affiliated Economic and Trade Commissions at
provincial, prefecture and county levels, is responsible for
implementation of the country's energy conservation policies and
organization of the government's efforts to renovate existing
enterprises, and it manages and allocates state funds provided in
the national economic plans for this purpose. The SETC has
established a Project Management Office (PMO) to oversee project
preparation and implementation, chaired and partially staffed by
the Department of Resource Savings and Comprehensive Utilization,
with additional expert staff from the Energy Research Institute of
the SPC, the Beijing Energy Efficiency Center, and other units. The
PMO also is assisted by a variety of domestic and international
consultants. In addition to coordinating the implementation of the
EMC Demonstration Component, SETC's PMO will directly implement, as
- 10 -



project beneficiary, the GEF-financed Information Dissemination,
Program Management and Monitoring, and Phase II EMC Expansion
components. The three provincial-level EMCs will be the project
beneficiaries for the EMC Demonstration component, financed by the
EC and GEF and all of the IBRD loan. While the Bank will appraise
the business and financing plans of each EMC as a whole, the Bank
and PMO, assisted in particular by its international consultants,
will also review the demonstration projects to be undertaken by
each EMC prior to implementation. Government coordination in the
provinces is managed by the provincial Economic and Trade
Commissions at a high level. IBRD loan funds will be provided under
subsidiary loan agreements between the Ministry of Finance and each
EMC, with provincial government repayment guarantee.
Environment and Resettlement
26.     No significant negative environmental effects of the project
are expected. In accordance with the World Bank requirements of
O.D. 4.01 (Environmental Assessment), this project has been
assigned an environmental category of "B". During project appraisal
and negotiations, criteria and procedures will be agreed to require
the EMCs to identify and resolve any possible environmental or
safety issues associated with sub-project implementation. The
project will provide major environmental benefits in terms of C02,
TSP, and S02 emission reductions. The project involves no
population resettlement.
Project Preparation
27.     The PMO, chaired by SETC, has been in operation since late
1995 and has been effectively guiding and coordinating all project
preparation activities, and day-to-day interactions with other
central government agencies and with the World Bank. Project
preparation includes the following phases of activities: (a)
definition of project objectives, technical assistance in energy
service company (ESCO) concepts, and establishment of the three
Energy Management Companies (EMCs); (b) initial preparation of EC
and GEF demonstration projects in each EMC and of other GEF-
financed components, IBRD loan identification; (c) launching
implementation of EC-financed pilot demonstration projects in each
EMC, finalization of preparation of GEF aspects and submission to
the GEF Council, IBRD loan preparation; (d) GEF and IBRD project
appraisal, negotiations and Board approval; (e) evaluation of EC
demonstration project experience, and implementation of GEF and
IBRD aspects (with primary emphasis on GEF demonstration aspects
initially, and gradual phase-in of IBRD financing). Phases (a) and
(b) have been completed as of January 31, 1997.
28.     Chinese project preparation costs are expected to total about
$1.5 million, which has been financed primarily by the Government
and two Government-executed $350,000 GEF project preparation
advances. The EC funds, approved in December 1996, will help to
fund the incremental costs of the EMC pilot projects during
calendar 1997, prior to final GEF and World Bank project approval.
- 11 -



Participation and Sustainability
29.     Participation. Major stakeholders and beneficiaries of the
project have been involved from the beginning in the design and
preparation of the EMC component and will be involved in
implementation. Provincial governments have assigned a high
priority to the EMC component, as an alternative to subsidized
Government financing of energy conservation investment. Initial
interest on the part of potential host enterprises in the EMC
component has also been strong. Bilateral, regional, and other
international donors have been quite interested in the EMC
component and have already begun to discuss and prepare parallel
activities. Inputs to the Information Component have been provided
by a host of stakeholders, including academic and research
institutions working in the area of energy efficiency, the Beijing
Energy Efficiency Center, and government energy agencies at both
the central and local levels. It is planned that these institutions
will also play a key role in the implementation of the Information
Component.
30.     Sustainability. Project sustainability is enhanced by a
strong Government commitment to the project and strong project
ownership by the beneficiaries. At least RMB 20 million (about US$
2.4 million equivalent) in equity financing has already been
invested in each EMC, while the SETC has allocated US$44 million
equivalent in loan and grant financing for the project. Project
preparation is well organized, and counterparts have completed a
variety of complex tasks efficiently and on time. The SETC and EMCs
have used international technical assistance effectively.
Provincial Government support is strong and at a high level.
31.     The key to long-term sustainability of the EMC component is
the ability of the EMCs to proceed to commercialization using IBRD
and domestic bank loans, and for the EMC concept to be disseminated
and expanded in other parts of the country under Phase II. Given
the importance of domestic bank loans, the three Provincial
Governments have involved several domestic banks in project
preparation activities, and a conference to introduce the initial
results of the three demonstration EMCs and energy performance
contracting concepts to the domestic financial and banking
community is included as a major dissemination activity of the
project.
Lessons Learned and Technical Review
32.     Previous Bank energy conservation projects have involved
lines of credit for industrial energy conservation. The
implementation record for these types of projects has been mixed --
while some success has been achieved, many have had difficulty
disbursing. Problems in such projects have included institutional
problems and high procedural costs to potential subborrowers, but
the barriers to energy conservation investment listed previously
also dampened interest of enterprises in direct borrowing for
energy conservation investments. The proposed project has learned
from these experiences by adopting a new market-oriented approach,
- 12 -



widely used in developed countries, and just beginning to be
introduced in developing countries.
33.     Technical Review. The project was reviewed at the initial PDF
stage by an outside technical reviewer from the STAP roster in
February 1996, and a second review of the current proposal was
completed in February 1997. The technical reviewer is quite
knowledgeable about energy efficiency projects and ESCOs, having
worked for an electric power utility with a major DSM program. The
main comments of the reviewer can be summarized as follows: (i) the
project has great potential for reducing C02 in China at low cost,
however, the task of establishing new market-oriented institutions
in China is a formidable one and highlights the importance of
providing adequate support to institutional development; (ii) once
the EMC concept has been demonstrated, greater incentives should be
provided to host enterprises to make them full partners in the
energy conservation investments; (iii) domestic bank involvement
will be critical to long-term success, however, convincing them may
take considerable time and resources; (iv) monitoring indicators
for the information component will be difficult to measure, but
should not be used as the sole criteria for judging the component,
especially in the short-term. The reviewer's comments from the
first review have been incorporated into the current program design
and the more recent comments will be considered in the next stages
of project preparation. The STAP reviewer's comments are attached
as Annex 3. (Annex 3 available only in hard copy upon request from the
Public Information Center)
Risks
34.     Energy performance contracting is a new and untried concept
in China. The demonstration projects could fail due to financial,
technical, and contracting difficulties. These risks are being
mitigated through a gradual introduction and build-up of the
program, starting with technical assistance, then small pilot
projects, followed by replication. Risks of individual performance
contract project failure are being minimized by emphasis in project
selection on (a) simple, proven technology, (b) projects where
energy savings monitoring and verification are relatively simple,
(c) projects with rapid payback periods, and (d) selection of host
enterprises that are particularly interested and competent. The
active involvement of the SETC and the provincial Economic and
Trade Commissions during project preparation is critical to
coordinate adaptation to China's existing legal, taxation, and
institutional management framework, and to assist in minimizing the
risk of contract default. One of the key risks to the EMCs is
financial failure due to over-extension. This risk is being
mitigated through the Bank's financial convenants on the operations
of the EMCs.
35.     To be successful, the EMC concept must be replicable beyond
the initial pilot projects and beyond the first three EMCs. The
risk that the EMC concept will not be disseminated is being reduced
through extensive technical assistance during initial
implementation (including conferences and workshops), and for the
- 13 -



follow-up of a Phase II EMC Expansion Component. In the end, the
best means of disseminating the EMC concept is by showing
enterprises, financiers, and government the win-win nature of
market-based energy conservation.
36.     For the information component, there are the risks of
creating a new institution (the national information center) that
will not be able to work within the existing government system and
whose management and staff could become preoccupied with other
issues. The "new institution syndrome" is being mitigated by
grafting the new Center onto existing Chinese energy information
networks and institutions. In addition, the Center will be given a
contract with the Government for achieving energy savings, which
will provide an important incentive for operational efficiency.
Monitoring and Evaluation
37.     Step-by-step monitoring and evaluation are critical in this
project, and will be conducted by the EMCs and PMO with technical
assistance supported under the project. Biannual project
implementation reports from each EMC must include specified
monitoring data and evaluations for each of their demonstration
projects, as a basis for mid-course correction, definition of key
implementation issues requiring government attention (with support
under the Program Management and Monitoring component), and for
definition of the specific activities for the Phase II EMC
Expansion component. Following the experience of a similar UK
program, the national energy conservation center to be supported
under the Information Dissemination component also must monitor and
verify the effect of its information dissemination work, in terms
of energy savings by affected enterprises, as specified in the
performance contract between the center and the SETC.
38.     Performance Indicators. Details on performance indicators for
all components will be worked out during project appraisal, and
agreed prior to final CEO endorsement and project approval. Key
performance indicators will include institutional performance
indicators as well as quantified energy savings and associated C02
emissions reduction resulting from the project. Performance of the
EMCs will be evaluated on the basis of criteria such as the number
of energy performance contracts signed, profitability of the EMCs,
and the maintenance of agreed-upon debt-equity ratios. Regular
reporting by the EMCs on energy conservation investments undertaken
and the accompanying energy-related C02 reductions will be an
integral part of project implementation and monitoring.
39.     In evaluating Phase I results prior to submission of a Phase
II request to the GEF Council, key indicators would include: (a)
technical and financial performance of EMC pilot projects, (b)
assessment of lessons learned, identification of issues requiring
resolution, and proposed solutions, (c) completion and evaluation
of a conference on EMC results with the domestic financing
community, and (d) arrangement of suitable counterpart
financing/cofinancing.
- 14 -



1/ See China: Issues and Options in Greenhouse Gas Emissions Control,
Summary Report, joint report of the Chinese Government, UNDP, and the
World Bank, December 1994, p. 33.
2/ See, for example, China: Energy Conservation Study (Bank Report
No.10813, February 1, 1993), and China: Issues and Options in Greenhouse
Gas Emissions Control (Summary and 4 major subreports on energy efficiency),
December, 1994.
3/ Ward et al (eds.), "Energy Efficiency in China: Case Studies and
Economic Analysis," Issues and Options in Greenhouse Gas Emissions Control,
Subreport No. 4, December 1994.
Contact Point:           Public Information Center
The World Bank
1818 H Street N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone No.:   (202) 458-5454
Fax No.:   (202) 522-1500
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain
components may not necessarily be included in the final project.
Processed by the Public Information Center week ending May 2, 1997.
Tables 1, 4.1, annexes 2 and 3 are available only in hard copy upon request
from the Public Information Center.
- 15 -



Annex 1
Calculation of Incremental Cost
China: Energy Conservation Project
Incremental Costs and Global Environmental Benefits
Global Environmental Context
1.      Carbon dioxide from energy consumption currently accounts for
roughly four-fifths of China's total greenhouse gas emissions.
Without exceptional policy measures to stem the increase, carbon
dioxide emissions would increase roughly three-fold between 1990
and 2020, based on a high-growth scenario.(see 4/) The increase in GHG
emissions in this scenario is due primarily to a rise in coal
consumption from 1.05 billion tons in 1990 to about 3.1 billion
tons in 2020. In order to accommodate the three-fold increase in
energy use by China, and still keep global C02 emissions at their
1990 levels,(see 5/) the rest of the world would need to cut its C02
emissions by 8 percent in the year 2000 and 40 percent by the year 2020.
Broad Developmental Goals
2.      It has been estimated that primary energy use will need to
increase two- to three-fold over the coming two-and-a-half decades
in order for China to achieve average GDP growth rates slightly
lower than those of the past decade. Coal is the only domestic
energy resource that could meet such a large increase in energy
demand. In order to achieve increases in energy supply, but avoid
additional pollution-related impacts from coal burning (including
the threat of global climate change), China will need to improve
energy efficiency in all sectors, particularly within industry,
invest heavily in clean-coal technologies and pollution control
equipment, and expand the use of non-coal energy sources, including
renewables.
Baseline
3.      In the absence of an alternative, China's energy conservation
program would likely remain in its present form for the near term.
However, it would likely continue to decline in size and
effectiveness as the market economy develops. Information on energy
conservation is provided at both the central and local level,
however, such information is disseminated irregularly, is primarily
technical in nature, and does not focus on the financial returns to
enterprises. Investments in energy conservation would remain
primarily a government function, and would continue to entail
providing subsidized loans to enterprises for qualifying energy
conservation investments. China's energy conservation investment
system is largely a carryover from central planning, and will
continue to be reduced in effectiveness through declining central
government funds and more limited influence by the government over
the industrial operations. Under the baseline, there would be
little or no private sector investment in energy conservation in
- 16 -



China.
Global Environmental Benefits
4.      Proposed project interventions would contribute to
significant reductions in carbon emissions over the medium term.
The EMC component will result in the reduction of more than 200
million tons (mt) of C02 (includes three EMCs over a ten year
period), at a cost per ton of less than US15 cents. The target
carbon reductions from energy savings for the energy information
component is estimated at 26 mt by the end of the seventh year, and
an accumulated reduction by this time of 63 mt of C02. The cost to
the GEF for C02 reduction under this component is estimated to be
US8 cents/ton. By the end of the tenth year, the accumulated C02
reductions would be 240 mt, and a cost to the GEF of US2 cents/ton.
GEF Alternative
5.      The GEF Alternative will introduce a market-based approach to
financing energy conservation investments -- contract energy
savings -- and thus overcome some of the major impediments to
energy conservation investments in China today. Secondly, the
project will introduce a nationwide energy conservation system
designed to provide energy consumers with information on "best
practice" in a number of industries and for various technologies.
In particular, the new information system will emphasize the
financial returns to energy conservation investments to make such
investments attractive to enterprise management and to financiers.
6.      The GEF Alternative will establish and demonstrate energy
service companies in China for the first time, to allow the vast
potential for energy conservation to be financed by the private
sector. Because energy service companies do not currently exist in
China, there is a need to demonstrate the concept to trial EMCs,
host enterprises, and lenders, through on-the-ground business
operations. The incremental costs of establishing EMCs are the
costs associated with introducing the ESCO concept to China and,
most importantly, to demonstrate that shared savings contracts can
dramatically increase energy conservation investment and that such
investments are financially attractive to the private sector. A
small subset of possible energy conservation investments would be
carried out under the pilot phase to demonstrate the shared-savings
concept for different consumers, technologies, and contract types.
The SETC will allocate its portion of energy conservation
investment funds (US$37) to the three EMC provinces (Beijing,
Shandong, Liaoning) for the establishment and demonstration of
contract energy savings. The initial demonstration projects funded
by the EC/GEF will be subject to project-by-project review.
Thereafter, the projects would be selected based on criteria to be
developed during pre-appraisal and appraisal. Although the
selection of proven technologies and the rigorous appraisal of
projects during the pilot phase will help to improve the success
rate, as with all ESCOs, not all energy conservation investments
would be suitable for follow-up commercial EMC investment, either
because of marginal economics in light of large transactions costs,
- 17 -



or difficulties in contracting or verification. EC and GEF funds
would cover the incremental costs of the first pilot projects,
while SETC funds would finance replication of different
applications under the pilot phase. Once demonstrated, commercial
funds from the World Bank and domestic banks would finance follow-
up replication investments by the EMCs.
7.      A second component is the establishment of a new national
energy information program in China, with the intention of
providing energy efficiency solutions to industrial and other
energy consumers. The new information program in China would be
patterned after the U.K.'s "best practices" program, and would
include the preparation and dissemination of case studies and
technical guides on energy conservation, and contracted energy
savings performance. In contrast to the current system, the new
information program would focus on providing energy efficiency
information to industry managers on: (i) successful energy
conservation measures undertaken in other similar enterprises
("case studies"), and (ii) detailed information on carrying out
energy efficiency measures ("technical guides"). In particular,
the case studies and technical guides would point out the energy
and financial savings that could be gained from the specific energy
conservation measures. While China currently lacks a national-
level information program for promoting energy conservation, the
Chinese government has committed itself to a national energy
information program and has agreed to provide core support (US$5
million) for at least five years for the establishment and
operation of a new National Energy Efficiency Information Center
(Center). Incremental costs of the information program would be:
(i) expertise required for the design of the "best practice"
components of the new national energy information program; (ii)
training of PMO and Center staff, and contract consultants in the
establishment and operation of a "best practices" program; (iii)
production of a number of technical guides and case studies in the
first five years of the program; and (iv) monitoring and evaluation
of the information program to assess its effectiveness.
Additional Domestic Benefits
8.      In addition to global environmental benefits (see para. 5),
the project would result in significant local environmental
benefits. Energy efficiency projects have been shown to result in
substantial reductions in the emissions of both particulates and
sulfur, principally through the reduction in energy consumption,
but also through the introduction of more sophisticated
technologies which are less pollution intensive and which often
embody pollution control technologies. Based on case studies of
energy efficiency carried out as part of the China GHG Study, the
project could reduce particulates by 2.5 mt and sulfur by 3.3 mt
over the life of the project.
Costs
9.      EMC Component.   The incremental costs of establishing EMCs
are the costs associated with introducing the ESCO concept to
- 18 -



China. Baseline expenditures on energy conservation by SETC during
the 9th FYP (1996-2000) in the three provinces (Beijing, Shandong,
and Liaoning) is about US$37 million. The costs of establishing and
demonstrating the three EMCs over a five-year period is estimated
at US$57 million. During the pilot program, the SETC will provide
concessional loan capital of approximately $37 million for
financing replication projects, while EC and GEF funds would be
limited to new applications. Only where the ESCO concept is being
demonstrated in a new application (i.e., technology, consumer,
contract type) would it qualify for incremental cost financing. The
incremental cost of this component is estimated at US$20 million,
and would be covered by the EC ($5 million) and the GEF ($15
million). Once applications of the ESCO concept have proven
successful during the pilot program, funding from the World Bank
($65 million) and domestic banks would be available for
commercialization.
10.     Information Dissemination Component.   The current 9th FYP
allocation and spending by SETC on energy information is in the
range of US$5 million, which constitutes the Baseline.
Establishment of a new national energy information program,
focusing on the dissemination of financially-attractive "best
practice" investments to enterprise decisionmakers, is estimated to
cost around US$10 million. The Government (through SETC) has
agreed to provide its 9th FYP allocation for energy information to
the Center to cover core operating costs for at least five years
11.     Program Management and Monitoring Component.    Training
programs for the PMO, dissemination activities, and preparation of
the Phase II EMC Expansion are described in the text and are
critical to the sustainability of the project. Currently SETC
allocates about $2 million equivalent in program management and
monitoring of its credit line for energy conservation, which is
assumed to be the Baseline. The incremental cost of these
components -- those that would not be undertaken without the
project -- has been estimated at $2 million.
Incremental Costs
12. The cost of energy conservation activities under the Baseline
Scenario is estimated at US$44 million (see Table 4.1). The cost
of Phase I activities aimed at removing barriers to energy
conservation under the GEF Alternative is estimated at US$71
million. The incremental cost of Phase I global benefits is
estimated to be US$27 million. As the EC has approved US$5 million
equivalent in financial support for barrier removing activities
during 1997-98, GEF funding of US$22 million is proposed to support
Phase I project implementation.
Table 4.1 Incremental Cost Matrix. (Table 4.1 available only in hard
copy upon request from The Public Information Center)
4/ The high-growth scenario assumes the Chinese economy grows at an
average annual rate of 8.0 percent between 1990 and 2020. See China:
Issues and Options in Greenhouse Gas Emissions Control, Summary Report,
- 19 -



December 1994.
5/ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change; see Houghton, Jenkins, and
Ephraum, 1990.
- 20 -



