Page  1
                                                           CONFORMED COPY
                                                      LOAN NUMBER 3889-TH
                              Guarantee Agreement
                        (Clean Fuels and Environmental
                              Improvement Project)
                                    between
                               KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                                      and
                     INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                                AND DEVELOPMENT
                           Dated September 21, 1995
                                                LOAN NUMBER 3889-TH
                            GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated September 21, 1995, between KINGDOM OF
THAILAND (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Guarantor and the Bangchak Petroleum
Public Company Limited (the Borrower), having been satisfied as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described in
Schedule 2 to the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to
assist in the financing of the Project; and
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
the Bank and the Borrower, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to ninety
million dollars ($90,000,000), on the terms and conditions set
forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the
Guarantor agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in
respect of such loan as provided in this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed
so to guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                                 ARTICLE I
                      General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan
and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985,
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this
Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and Section
1.02 of the Loan Agreement have the respective meanings therein
set forth.
                                ARTICLE II
                                 Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor hereby unconditionally
guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, the
due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest and
other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on the
prepayment of the Loan, and the punctual performance of all the
other obligations of the Borrower, all as set forth in the Loan
Agreement.
                                ARTICLE III
                Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 3.01. The Permanent Secretary for Finance of the
Guarantor's Ministry of Finance is designated as representative
of the Guarantor for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the
General Conditions.
      Section 3.02. The following addresses are specified for
the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Permanent Secretary for Finance
            Ministry of Finance
            Rama VI Road
            Bangkok 10400
            Kingdom of Thailand
                  Cable address:                Telex:
                        MINANCE                    82823
                        Bangkok                    FISPOLO TH
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
                 Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
                  Cable address:                Telex:
                       INTBAFRAD                   197688 (TRT),
                       Washington, D.C.            248423 (RCA),
Page  3
                                                    64145 (WUI) or
                                                    82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
                              KINGDOM OF THAILAND
                              By /s/ Manaspas Xuto
                                                 Authorized Representative
                              INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                              By /s/ Marianne Haug
                                            Acting Regional Vice President
                                                     East Asia and Pacific
