Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3182 IND
                   Project Agreement
          (Third Telecommunications Project)
                        between
          INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCT
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
            PERUSAHAAN UMUM TELEKOMUNIKASI
                 Dated April 30, 1990
                                   LOAN NUMBER 3182 IND
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 30, 1990, between
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
(the Bank) and PERUSAHAAN UMUM TELEKOMUNIKASI (PERUMTEL).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Republic of Indonesia (the Borrower) and
the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
three hundred fifty million dollars ($350,000,000), on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement,
but only on condition that PERUMTEL agree to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this
Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and PERUMTEL, part of the
proceeds of the loan provided for under the Loan
Agreement will be made available to PERUMTEL on the terms
and conditions set forth in said Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
     WHEREAS PERUMTEL, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
Page  2
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) PERUMTEL declares its commitment
to the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule
2 to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry
out Parts B, C and D of the Project with due diligence
and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and
telecommunications practices, and shall provide, or cause
to be provided, promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for
Parts B, C and D of the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section and except as the Bank and
PERUMTEL shall otherwise agree, PERUMTEL shall carry out
Parts B, C and D of the Project in accordance with the
Implementation Program set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and consultants' services
required for Parts B and C of the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule l to this
Agreement.
     Section 2.03. PERUMTEL shall carry out the
obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07,
9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and
schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Parts B, C and
D of the Project.
     Section 2.04. PERUMTEL shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, PERUMTEL shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect
of amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) PERUMTEL shall, at the request of
the Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of Parts B, C and D of the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, and other matters
relating to the purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  PERUMTEL shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Parts B, C and D of the Project, the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Loan, or the
performance by PERUMTEL of its obligations under this
Agreement and under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
         Management and Operations of PERUMTEL
     Section 3.01. PERUMTEL shall carry on its operations
Page  3
and conduct its affairs in accordance with sound
administrative, financial and telecommunications
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers.
     Section 3.02. PERUMTEL shall at all times operate
and maintain its plants, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and
telecommunications practices.
     Section 3.03. PERUMTEL shall take out and maintain
with responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) PERUMTEL shall maintain records
and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition, including separate accounts for Parts B, C and
D of the Project.
     (b)  PERUMTEL shall:
          (i)  have its records, accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than nine
               months after the end of each such year:
               (A) certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited;
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
          (iii)     furnish to the Bank such other
                    information concerning said records,
                    accounts and financial statements as
                    well as the audit thereof, as the
                    Bank shall from time to time
                    reasonably request, including
                    without limitation on the foregoing
                    copies of the unaudited accounts
                    referred to in paragraph (a) of this
                    Section, as soon as available, but
                    not later than four months after the
                    end of each such fiscal year.
     Section 4.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PERUMTEL shall not incur any debt unless a
reasonable forecast of the revenues and expenditures of
PERUMTEL shows that the projected net revenues of
PERUMTEL for each fiscal year during the term of the debt
to be incurred shall be at least 1.5 times the projected
debt service requirement of PERUMTEL in such year on all
debt of PERUMTEL including the debt to be incurred. For
the purposes of this Section:
Page  4
     (a)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
PERUMTEL maturing by its terms more than one year after
the date on which it is originally incurred.
     (b)  Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (i) under
a loan contract or agreement or other instrument
providing for such debt or further modification of its
terms of payment, on the date of such contract, agreement
or instrument; and (ii) under a guarantee agreement, on
the date the agreement providing for such guarantee has
been entered into.
     (c)  The term "net revenues of PERUMTEL" means gross
revenues of PERUMTEL from all sources, adjusted to take
account of PERUMTEL's tariffs in effect at the time of
the incurrence of debt even though they were not in
effect during the twelve-month period to which such
revenues relate, less all operating expenses of PERUMTEL,
including expenses accountable to administration,
maintenance and taxes (or payments in lieu of taxes), but
before provision for depreciation of assets and interest
and other charges on debt.
     (d)  The term "debt service requirement" means the
aggregate amount of repayments (including sinking fund
payments, if any) of, and interest and other charges on,
debt.
     (e)  The term "reasonable forecast" means a forecast
prepared by PERUMTEL in the fiscal year in which the debt
in question is to be incurred, which both the Bank and
PERUMTEL accept as reasonable and as to which the Bank
has notified PERUMTEL of its acceptability, provided that
no event has occurred since such notification which has,
or may reasonably be expected in the future to have, a
material adverse effect on the financial condition or
future operating results of PERUMTEL.
     (f)  Whenever for the purposes of this Section it
shall be necessary to value, in terms of currency of
PERUMTEL, debt payable in another currency, such
valuation shall be made on the basis of the prevailing
lawful rate of exchange at which such other currency is,
at the time of such valuation, obtainable for the
purposes of servicing such debt, or, with absence of such
rate, on the basis of a rate of exchange acceptable to
the Bank.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, PERUMTEL shall produce, for each of its fiscal
years after its fiscal year ending on December 31, 1990,
funds from internal sources equivalent to not less than
thirty percent (30%) of the annual average of PERUMTEL's
capital expenditures incurred, or expected to be
incurred, for that year and the next following fiscal
year.
     (b)  Before November 15 in each of its fiscal years,
commencing on November 15, 1990 and thereafter, PERUMTEL
shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by PERUMTEL and
satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would meet
the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this
Section in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
review upon its completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that PERUMTEL would
not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of
this Section for PERUMTEL's fiscal years covered by such
review, PERUMTEL shall promptly take all necessary
measures (including, but not limited to, furnishing to
Page  5
the Borrower proposed adjustments of the structure or
levels of its tariffs) in order to meet the 30%
requirement set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "funds from internal sources"
               means the difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations, consumer
                    deposits and consumer contributions
                    in aid of construction, net non-
                    operating income, any reduction in
                    working capital other than cash,
                    plus cash surpluses from previous
                    years; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations, including
                    administration, adequate maintenance
                    (excluding provision for
                    depreciation and other non-cash
                    operating charges), debt service
                    requirements, all cash dividends and
                    other cash distributions of surplus,
                    increase in working capital other
                    than cash and other cash outflows
                    other than capital expenditures.
          (ii) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses incurred in the generation
                    of revenues in (A) above.
          (iii)     The term "working capital other than
                    cash" means the difference between
                    current assets excluding cash and
                    current liabilities at the end of
                    each fiscal year.
          (iv) The term "current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               prepaid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
          (v)  The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
          (vi) The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vii)     The term "capital expenditures"
                    means all expenditures incurred on
Page  6
                    account of fixed assets, including
                    interest charged to construction,
                    related to operations.
          (viii)    Whenever for the purposes of this
                    Section it shall be necessary to
                    value, in terms of the currency of
                    the Borrower, debt payable in
                    another currency, such valuation
                    shall be made on the basis of the
                    prevailing lawful rate of exchange
                    at which such other currency is, at
                    the time of such valuation,
                    obtainable for the purposes of
                    servicing such debt, or, in the
                    absence of such rate, on the basis
                    of a rate of exchange acceptable to
                    the Bank.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
and effect the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes
effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of PERUMTEL thereunder shall terminate on
the date on which Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify PERUMTEL thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD             197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA),
                                      64145 (WUI) or
                                      82987 (FTCC)
     For PERUMTEL:
Page  7
          Jalan Cisanggarung 2
          Bandung 40114
          Indonesia
                                   Telex:
                                     28220 DIRUTTEL BD
                                     28227 BIRKUGTEL BD
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of PERUMTEL may
be taken or executed by the President Director or such
other person or persons as PERUMTEL's Board of Directors
shall designate in writing, and PERUMTEL shall furnish to
the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                 RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ R. J. Cheetham
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   Asia
               PERUSAHAAN UMUM TELEKOMUNIKASI
               By /s/ A. R. Ramly
                              Authorized Representative
                      SCHEDULE 1
         Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Services
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
     Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and
services therefor shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with procedures consistent with
those set forth in Sections I and II of the "Guidelines
for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods and services therefor in
accordance with the procedures described in Part A
hereof, goods manufactured in Indonesia may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
Page  8
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   Training equipment, test equipment and tools
estimated to cost in the aggregate an amount not to
exceed the equivalent of $7,200,000, may be procured
under contracts awarded through limited international
bidding procedures on the basis of evaluation and
comparison of bids invited from a list of at least three
qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and in
accordance with procedures set forth in Sections I and II
of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs 2.8, 2.9, 2.55
and 2.56 thereof).
2.   Proprietary items for interface equipment estimated
to cost in the aggregate an amount not to exceed the
equivalent of $12,000,000, may be procured by direct
negotiations with original suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract estimated to cost
the equivalent of $300,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply; provided, however, that with
respect to the first three contracts estimated to cost
the equivalent of $100,000 or more, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply.
2.   The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
     In order to assist PERUMTEL in carrying out Parts B
and C of the Project, PERUMTEL shall employ consultants
whose qualifications, experience and terms and conditions
of employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank. Such
consultants shall be selected in accordance with
principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the
basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by
World Bank and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 2
1.   PERUMTEL shall, on November 15 of each year
commencing on November 15, 1990 and thereafter until the
completion of the Project, prepare and furnish to the
Bank, for its review and comments, its institutional
development plans and investment program for the
following fiscal year, and thereafter, taking into
account Bank's comments, if any, carry out such
development plans and investment program, and PERUMTEL
shall consult with the Bank prior to undertaking any
investment costing the equivalent of $50,000,000 or more
in any one year not included in the investment programs
furnished to the Bank pursuant to this paragraph.
Page  9
2.   PERUMTEL shall, by October 31, 1990, prepare and
furnish to the Bank, for its approval, its proposed
management training program, and, thereafter, implement
such training program as approved.
3.   PERUMTEL shall, on October 31, of each year,
commencing on October 31, 1990 and thereafter until the
completion of the Project, prepare and furnish to the
Bank, for its review and comments, its proposed technical
assistance and counterpart training program for the
forthcoming fiscal year, such program to include
objectives to be achieved, and, thereafter, taking into
account Bank's comments, if any, carry out such program.
4.   PERUMTEL shall, not later than October 31, 1990,
enter into arrangements satisfactory to the Bank, with a
twinning agency for purposes of enhancing its management
skills.
5.   PERUMTEL shall take all such action as shall be
necessary to carry out an action plan, satisfactory to
the Bank, for strengthening PERUMTEL's capabilities in
the areas of: (a) accounting and financial management;
(b) operations; (c) current idle capacity utilization;
(d) human resource development; and (e) training of staff
and managers in management techniques and new technology.
6.   PERUMTEL shall maintain the Project Implementation
Unit headed by a qualified and experienced officer, and
assigned, at all times, with such power,
responsibilities, funds, staffing, facilities and other
resources as shall be required to undertake its
responsibilities in the carrying out of Parts B and C of
the Project.
7.   PERUMTEL shall, by December 31, 1993, furnish to the
Bank, for its review and comments, the consultants' final
reports under Part B of the Project, such reports to
include recommendation(s) on action(s) to be taken by
PERUMTEL to further improve its managerial, financial and
technical capabilities, and, thereafter, taking into
account the Bank's comments, if any, carry out such
recommendations.
8.   PERUMTEL shall take all such action as shall be
necessary, including implementation of the procedures for
collection of overdue telephone bills adopted by PERUMTEL
on May 26, 1988, to collect such overdues from all
subscribers in accordance with a time-table satisfactory
to the Bank.
9.   PERUMTEL shall on November 15 of each year,
commencing on November 15, 1990 and thereafter until the
completion of the Project, review the level and structure
of its tariffs, and, thereafter, furnish to the Bank, for
its review and comments, the results of such review and
its proposed tariff changes, if any; subsequently, taking
into account the Bank's comments, if any, furnish to the
Borrower, for its consideration, any proposed tariffs
adjustment.
10.  PERUMTEL shall, in consultation with the Borrower,
prepare physical and financial performance targets for
the agreed indicators, satisfactory to the Bank, for its
fiscal years 1990-93, and shall furnish to the Bank such
targets by November 15, 1990 for fiscal year 1992, and by
November 15, 1991 for fiscal year 1993. PERUMTEL shall
take all such action as shall be necessary to meet such
targets, and shall within six months of the end of each
fiscal year, report to the Borrower and the Bank on the
results of its actions.
Page  10
