Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3622 JM
                          Loan Agreement
           (Private Sector Development Adjustment Loan)
                              between
                              JAMAICA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Dated June 22, 1993
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3622 JM
                          LOAN AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 22, 1993, between JAMAICA (the Borrower)
and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Bank has received a letter dated May 25,
1993, from the Borrower describing a program of actions, objectives
and policies designed to achieve structural adjustment of the
policy, legal and regulatory environment in Jamaica necessary to
develop its private sector (hereinafter called the Program),
declaring the Borrower's commitment to the execution of the Program,
and requesting assistance from the Bank in the financing of urgently
needed imports required during such execution; and
      (B)   on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing, the Bank has
decided in support of the Program to provide such assistance to the
Borrower by making the Loan in two tranches as hereinafter provided;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Page  2
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
modifications thereof set forth below (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement:
      (a)   Section 2.01, paragraph 11, shall be modified to read:
            "'Project' means the imports and other activities that
      may be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan pursuant to
      the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement.";
      (b)   The last sentence of Section 3.02 is deleted;
      (c)   In Section 6.02, subparagraph (k) is re-lettered as
subparagraph (l) and a new subparagraph (k) is added to read:
            "(k)   An extraordinary situation shall have arisen
      under which any further withdrawals under the Loan would be
      inconsistent with the provisions of Article III, Section 3 of
      the Bank's Articles of Agreement."; and
      (d)   Section 9.07 (c) shall be modified to read:
            "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing Date or
      such later date as may be agreed for this purpose between the
      Borrower and the Bank, the Borrower shall prepare and furnish
      to the Bank a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
      Bank shall reasonably request, on the execution of the program
      referred to in the Preamble to the Loan Agreement, the
      performance by the Borrower and the Bank of their respective
      obligations under the Loan Agreement and the accomplishment of
      the purposes of the Loan.".
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Action Plan for Customs Reform" means the action plan
set forth in the Borrower's letter to the Bank dated May 25, 1993
aiming at the improvement of the quality and speed of customs
clearance to facilitate exports, imports and revenue collection,
including the adoption of a duty-suspension regime to facilitate
direct and indirect exports;
      (b)   "Action Plan for Simplifying Investment and Export
Procedures" means the action plan set forth in the Borrower's letter
to the Bank dated May 25, 1993 to reduce bureaucracy in investment
and export processes, based on a set of principles defining the role
of the Borrower's government;
      (c)   "Bank of Jamaica" means the Bank of Jamaica, a statutory
body created by the Borrower's Bank of Jamaica Act, of 1960;
      (d)   "Bring to the Point of Sale" means, after the completion
of the analysis of the economic, legal, financial and operational
condition of a Public Entity (as hereinafter defined), the auditing
of its accounts, when applicable, its evaluation and the deter-
mination of the privatization strategy to be adopted: (i) in
relation to a Public Entity in the productive and commercial
sectors, to publish advertisement for sale and to issue the
prospectus or the tender documents related to the sale of a Public
Entity; and (ii) in relation to a Public Entity in the public
services sector or which is land, to publish advertisement for sale,
long-term leasing, contracting of services or granting of con-
cession, as the case may be, and to issue the prospectus or the
tender documents related to such sale, leasing, contracting or
grant;
      (e)   "CET Agreement" means the Common External Tariff
Agreement, dated October 29, 1992, entered into between Anguilla,
Antigua, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana,
Jamaica, Montserrat, St. Kittis-Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and
Page  3
Trinidad and Tobago;
      (f)   "Companies Act" means the Borrower's Companies Act, of
1965;
      (g)   "Competition Act" means the Borrower's Fair Competition
Act, of 1993;
      (h)   "First Tranche" means the portion of the Loan not
exceeding the equivalent of $40,000,000 to be released by the Bank
on or after the Effective Date;
      (i)   "Fiscal Year" means the period between April 1 of a year
and March 31 of the succeeding year;
      (j)   "FTC" means the Borrower's Fair Trading Commission, an
entity created by the Competition Act;
      (k)   "PETROJAM" means Petrojam Ltd., a company registered
under the Companies Act and controlled by the Borrower;
      (l)   "Privatize" means to sell or to lease a Public Entity or
to grant concession or to contract out services of a Public Entity;
      (m)   "Public Entity" means a company, entity or asset owned
by the Borrower or a public service of the Borrower;
      (n)   "JRC" means the Jamaica Railway Corporation, a statutory
body created by the Borrower's Jamaica Railway Corporation Act, of
1960;
      (o)   "Second Tranche" means the portion of the Loan not
exceeding the equivalent of $35,000,000 to be released by the Bank
upon compliance by the Borrower with the requirements set forth or
referred to in paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (p)   "Securities Act" means the Borrower's Securities Act, of
1993;
      (q)   "Securities Commission" means the Securities Commission
to be established in accordance with the Securities Act;
      (r)   "SIRI" means the Borrower's Sugar Industry Research
Institute, an organization created by the Borrower's Sugar Industry
Authority, pursuant to its powers under the Borrower's Sugar
Industry Authority Act; and
      (s)   "SITC" means the Standard International Trade
Classification, Revision 3 (SITC, Rev. 3), published by the United
Nations in Statistical Papers, Series M, No. 343 (1986).
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Loan
      Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the Borrower, on the
terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the Loan Agreement,
various currencies that shall have an aggregate value equivalent to
the amount of seventy-five million dollars ($75,000,000), being the
sum of withdrawals of the proceeds of the Loan, with each withdrawal
valued by the Bank as of the date of such withdrawal.
      Section 2.02. The amount of the Loan may be withdrawn from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1994 or
such later date as the Bank shall establish. The Bank shall promptly
notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a commitment
charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of 1%) per
Page  4
annum on the principal amount of the Loan not withdrawn from time to
time.
      Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on the
principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding from time to
time, at a rate for each Interest Period equal to the Cost of
Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of the preceding
Semester, plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%). On each of the
dates specified in Section 2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall pay interest accrued on the principal amount outstanding
during the preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rate
applicable during such Interest Period.
      (b)   As soon as practicable after the end of each Semester,
the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost of Qualified
Borrowings determined in respect of such Semester.
      (c)   For the purposes of this Section:
            (i)    "Interest Period" means a six-month period
                   ending on the date immediately preceding each
                   date specified in Section 2.06 of this
                   Agreement, beginning with the Interest Period in
                   which this Agreement is signed.
           (ii)    "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the cost,
                   as reasonably determined by the Bank and
                   expressed as a percentage per annum, of the
                   outstanding borrowings of the Bank drawn down
                   after June 30, 1982, excluding such borrowings
                   or portions thereof as the Bank has allocated to
                   fund: (A) the Bank's investments; and (B) loans
                   which may be made by the Bank after July 1, 1989
                   bearing interest rates determined otherwise than
                   as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
          (iii)    "Semester" means the first six months or the
                   second six months of a calendar year.
      (d)   On such date as the Bank may specify by no less than six
months' notice to the Borrower, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) (iii) of
this Section shall be amended to read as follows:
                   "(a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
            principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and outstanding
            from time to time, at a rate for each Quarter equal to
            the Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect
            of the preceding Quarter, plus one-half of one percent
            (1/2 of 1%). On each of the dates specified in Section
            2.06 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay interest
            accrued on the principal amount outstanding during the
            preceding Interest Period, calculated at the rates
            applicable during such Interest Period.".
                   "(b)  As soon as practicable after the end of
            each Quarter, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the
            Cost of Qualified Borrowings determined in respect of
            such Quarter.".
                   "(c) (iii) `Quarter' means a three-month period
            commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 in
            a calendar year.".
      Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be payable
semiannually on June 1 and December 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal amount of
the Loan in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      Section 2.08. (a) The Bank of Jamaica is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of taking any action
Page  5
required or permitted to be taken under the provisions of Section
2.02 of this Agreement and Article V of the General Conditions.
      (b)   Without limitation or restriction to the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby entrusts the Bank of Jamaica with responsibility for
the preparation of withdrawal applications under the Loan and for
the collection of the documents and other evidence to be furnished
to the Bank in support of such applications; such withdrawal
applications shall to the extent practicable be consolidated so as
to apply for withdrawal of aggregate amounts of not less than
$250,000 equivalent.
                            ARTICLE III
                       Particular Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower and the Bank shall from time to
time, at the request of either party, exchange views on the progress
achieved in carrying out the Program and the actions specified in
Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (b)   Prior to each such exchange of views and on January 15,
April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year during the imple-
mentation of the Program, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank,
for its review and comment, a report on the progress achieved in
carrying out the Program, in such detail as the Bank shall
reasonably request.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Loan shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and separate accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with consistently maintained sound accounting practices
the expenditures financed out of the proceeds of the Loan.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)    have the records and accounts referred to in
                   paragraph (a) of this Section for each Fiscal
                   Year and for the expenditures under each of the
                   First Tranche and the Second Tranche audited, in
                   accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                   consistently applied, by independent auditors
                   acceptable to the Bank;
           (ii)    furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                   any case not later than ninety days after the
                   end of each Fiscal Year or not later than ninety
                   days after the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account has been made under each of the First
                   Tranche and Second Tranche, whichever comes
                   first, a certified copy of the report of such
                   audit by said auditors, of such scope and in
                   such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                   requested; and
          (iii)    furnish to the Bank such other information
                   concerning said records and accounts and the
                   audit thereof as the Bank shall from time to
                   time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)    maintain or cause to be maintained, in
                   accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
                   records and accounts reflecting such
                   expenditures;
Page  6
           (ii)    retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                   has received the audit report for the Fiscal
                   Year in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                   Account was made, all records (contracts,
                   orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                   documents) evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii)  enable the Bank's representatives to examine
                   such records; and
            (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                   included in the audits referred to in
                   paragraph (b) of this Section and that the
                   report of such audit contains a separate opinion
                   by said auditors as to whether the statements of
                   expenditure submitted during the relevant
                   period, together with the procedures and
                   internal controls involved in their preparation,
                   can be relied upon to support the related
                   withdrawals.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, not later than March 31,
1994, present to the Bank an assessment, in such scope and in such
detail as the Bank shall reasonably request, of the results of the
implementation of the phase I of the CET Agreement, based on
indicators for total imports, import of investment goods, supply
(investment) response and export response.
                            ARTICLE IV
                  Additional Event of Suspension
      Section 4.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (l) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that a situation has arisen which shall make it improbable that the
Program, or a significant part thereof, will be carried out.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 5.01. The following event is specified as an
additional condition to the effectiveness of the Loan Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the General Conditions,
namely that this Agreement has been laid before the Borrower's
Parliament.
      Section 5.02. The date September 21, 1993 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VI
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 6.01. Except as provided in Section 2.08 (a) of this
Agreement, the Minister of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 6.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            30 National Heroes Circle
            Kingston, Jamaica
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   MINISTRY OF FINANCE       2447 MINFAN
Page  7
                   Kingston
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                 Telex:
                   INTBAFRAD                 248423 (RCA)
                   Washington, D.C.           82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                         JAMAICA
                         By /s/ Richard Bernal
                                         Authorized Representative
                         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                           RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                         By /s/ Edilberto Segura
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
              Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.    Subject to the provisions set forth or referred to in this
Schedule, the proceeds of the Loan may be withdrawn from the Loan
Account for expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods required during the
execution of the Program and to be financed out of such proceeds.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
      (a)   expenditures for goods included in the following SITC
groups or subgroups, or any successor groups or subgroups under
future revisions to the SITC, as designated by the Bank by notice to
the Borrower:
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   112                --          Alcoholic beverages
   121                --          Tobacco, unmanufactured, tobacco
                                  refuse
   122                --          Tobacco, manufactured (whether
Page  8
                                  or not containing tobacco
                                  substitutes)
   525                --          Radioactive and
                                  associated materials
   667                --          Pearls, precious and
                                  semiprecious stones, unworked or
                                  worked
   718             718.1          Nuclear reactors, and
                                  parts thereof, fuel elements
                                  (cartridges), nonirradiated for
                                  nuclear reactors
   Group           Subgroup       Description of Items
   728             728.43         Tobacco processing machinery
   897             897.3          Jewelry of gold, silver or
                                  platinum group metals
                                  (except watches and watch cases)
                                  and goldsmiths' or silversmiths'
                                  wares (including set gems)
   971                --          Gold, nonmonetary (excluding
                                  gold ores and concentrates)
      (b)   expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for
goods supplied from the territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   payments made for expenditures prior to the date of this
Agreement, except that withdrawals in an aggregate amount not
exceeding the equivalent of $15,000,000 may be made on account of
payments made for such expenditures before that date but after a
date which shall not be earlier than a date falling on the fourth
month before the date of this Agreement;
      (d)   expenditures for goods procured under contracts costing
less than $5,000 equivalent;
      (e)   expenditures for goods supplied under a contract which
any national or international financing institution or agency other
than the Bank shall have financed or agreed to finance; and
      (f)   expenditures for petroleum products or for goods
intended for a military or paramilitary purpose or for luxury
consumption.
3.    Withdrawals for expenditures under contracts for the
procurement of goods estimated to cost less than the equivalent of
$3,000,000 may be required by the Bank upon the basis of statements
of expenditure under such terms and conditions as the Bank shall
specify.
4.    No withdrawal shall be made and no commitment shall be entered
into to pay amounts to or on the order of the Borrower in respect of
expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan after
the aggregate of the proceeds of the Loan withdrawn from the Loan
Account and the total amount of such commitments shall have reached
the equivalent of $40,000,000, unless the Bank shall be satisfied,
after an exchange of views as described in Section 3.01 of this
Agreement, based on evidence satisfactory to the Bank:
      (a)   with the progress achieved by the Borrower in the
carrying out of the Program;
      (b)   that the macro-economic policy framework of the Borrower
is consistent with the objectives of the Program; and
      (c)   that the actions described in Schedule 4 to this
Agreement have been taken in form and substance satisfactory to the
Page  9
Bank.
5.    If, after the exchange of views described in paragraph 4
above, the Bank shall have given notice to the Borrower that the
Borrower's macro-economic policy framework is not consistent with
the objectives of the Program or the progress achieved in the
carrying out of the Program or the actions taken pursuant to
Schedule 4 to this Agreement are not satisfactory and, within
90 days after such notice, the Borrower shall not have achieved
progress or taken actions satisfactory to the Bank, or the
macroeconomic policy framework of the Borrower shall have not become
consistent with the objectives of the Program, then the Bank may, by
notice to the Borrower, cancel the unwithdrawn amount of the Loan or
any part thereof.
6.    Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, the Borrower shall
not submit applications for withdrawal of proceeds of the Loan in
amounts of less than $ 250,000 equivalent.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                       Amortization Schedule
                                      Payment of Principal
      Date Payment Due               (expressed in dollars)*
      On each June 1 and December 1,
            beginning December 1, 1998
            through June 1, 2010                 3,125,000
_____________________________
*     The figures in this column represent dollar equivalents
      determined as of the respective dates of withdrawal. See
      General Conditions, Sections 3.04 and 4.03.
      Premiums on Prepayment
      Pursuant to Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions, the
premium payable on the principal amount of any maturity of the Loan
to be prepaid shall be the percentage specified for the applicable
time of prepayment below:
      Time of Prepayment                   Premium
                               The interest rate (expressed as a
                               percentage per annum) applicable to
                               the Loan on the day of prepayment
                               multiplied by:
Not more than three years                  0.18
      before maturity
More than three years but                  0.35
      not more than six years
      before maturity
More than six years but                    0.65
      not more than 11 years
      before maturity
More than 11 years but not                 0.88
      more than 15 years
      before maturity
More than 15 years before                  1.00
      maturity
                            SCHEDULE 3
Page  10
                            Procurement
1.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of $3,000,000 or more each shall be awarded through
international competitive bidding in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits",
published by the Bank in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the
following modifications:
      (a)   Paragraph 2.8 of the Guidelines is deleted and the
following is substituted therefor:
      "2.8 Notification and Advertising
            The international community should be notified in a
      timely manner of the opportunity to bid. This will be done by
      advertising invitations to apply for inclusion in a bidder's
      invitation list, to apply for prequalification, or to bid;
      such advertisements should be placed in at least one newspaper
      of general circulation in the Borrower's country and, in
      addition, in at least one of the following forms:
            (i)    a notice in the United Nations publication,
                   Development Forum, Business Edition; or
           (ii)    an advertisement in a newspaper, periodical or
                   technical journal of wide international
                   circulation; or
          (iii)    a notice to local representatives of countries
                   and territories referred to in the Guidelines,
                   that are potential suppliers of the goods
                   required.".
      (b)   The following is added at the end of paragraph 2.21 of
the Guidelines:
            "As a further alternative, bidding documents may require
      the bidder to state the bid price in a single currency widely
      used in international trade and specified in the bidding
      documents.".
      (c)   Paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines are deleted.
2.    Contracts for the procurement of goods estimated to cost the
equivalent of less than $3,000,000 shall be awarded:
      (a)   by purchasers required to follow the Borrower's public
procurement procedures for the importation of goods, on the basis of
such procedures, provided that such procedures shall have been found
acceptable by the Bank;
      (b)   by other purchasers, in accordance with established
commercial practice, provided that such contracts shall be awarded
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained
from suppliers from at least two countries eligible under the
Guidelines, except that direct contracting procedures acceptable to
the Bank may be used where considered appropriate under paragraph
3.5 of the Guidelines; and
      (c)   by any purchasers, for the supply of commodities, on the
basis of evaluation and comparison of quotations obtained from more
than one supplier.
3.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 1 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior to the
submission to the Bank of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Loan Account in respect of such contract, two
conformed copies of such contract, together with the analysis of the
respective bids and recommendations for award, a description of the
advertising and tendering procedures followed and such other
Page  11
information as the Bank shall reasonably request.
4.    With respect to each contract referred to in paragraph 2 of
this Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior to the
submission to the Bank of the first application for withdrawal of
funds from the Loan Account in respect thereof, such documentation
and information as the Bank may reasonably request to support
withdrawal applications in respect of such contract.
5.    The provisions of the preceding paragraph 4 of this Schedule
shall not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from
the Loan Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
                            SCHEDULE 4
              Actions Referred to in Paragraph 4 (b)
                  of Schedule 1 to this Agreement
1.    All stamp duties on agricultural products shall have been
eliminated, except for the products listed in Schedule 5 to this
Agreement.
2.    The Action Plan for Customs Reform shall have been implemented
and the targets therein set forth related to processing time,
revenue collection and quality and quantity of services concerning
exports, imports and passengers shall have been met.
3.    The actions to increase the productivity and efficiency of the
sugar sector set forth in the Borrower's letter to the Bank dated
May 25, 1993 shall have been implemented.
4.    (a)   The Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank a list of
the Public Entities in the productive, commercial and services
sectors, excluding the bauxite sector, representing more than 50%
(fifty percent) of the total asset value of the Public Entities in
such sectors, selected by the Borrower to be Privatized during the
years 1994 to 1996.
      (b)   The Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank a list of
the Public Entities that are companies controlled by the Borrower,
selected on the basis of the criteria set forth in the Borrower's
letter to the Bank of even date herewith, for which the respective
liquidators have been appointed.
      (c)   PETROJAM, all publicly-owned sugar mills and at least 20
other Public Entities shall have been Brought to the Point of Sale.
      (d)   Progress has been achieved in the implementation of a
restructuring and/or privatization program for JRC, to be adopted by
the Borrower based on the recommendations of the studies in the
transportation sector in Jamaica that are being carried out by the
Borrower.
5.    The Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank:
      (a)   an assessment of its tax incentives for financial
instruments; and
      (b)   based on the assessment referred to above, a plan of
action to revise the taxation system to streamline the tax
incentives for financial instruments, to be implemented in the
Fiscal Year succeeding that of such plan.
6.    (a)   The regulations of the Securities Act shall have been
put into effect.
      (b)   The Securities Commission shall have been established.
      (c)   The regulations of the Securities Act for stock
exchanges shall have been put into effect to increase competition
among brokers, including, but not limited to, the elimination of the
Page  12
existing barriers to entry and exit and the requirements of adequate
transparency and disclosure of stock exchange transactions.
7.    (a) The regulations of the Competition Act shall have been put
into effect.
      (b) The FTC shall have been established.
8.    A bill revising the Companies Act, aiming at the modernization
of the business environment and the facilitation of the operations,
constitution, reorganization and liquidation of companies, shall
have been submitted to the Borrower's Parliament for approval.
9.    The Action Plan for Simplifying Investment and Export
Procedures shall have been implemented.
10.   Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.03 (b)(ii) of this
Agreement, the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank a certified
copy of the audit report referred to in Section 3.03 (b)(i) of this
Agreement in respect of the expenditures financed out of the
proceeds of the First Tranche.
                            SCHEDULE 5
                         List of Products
PEANUT
ONION
POTATO (IRISH)
RED PEAS
TOMATO
SWEET PEPPER
CARROTS
CABBAGE
WHOLE BROILER
CHICKEN WINGS, LEG QUARTERS, LEG, THIGHS AND DRUMSTICKS
EGGS, OTHER THAN FOR HATCHING PURPOSES
STRING BEANS
FIXED VEGETABLE OIL FLUID OR SOLID, CRUDE REFINED OR PURIFIED
SOYA MEAL AND ITS SUBSTITUTES
SOYA-BEAN OIL
