         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development    87382
                  International Development Association
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                     EDS98-396
                                                                   July 29, 1998


Board Meeting of July 30, 1998
Statement by Surendra Singh
  Tajikistan - Country Assistance Strategy and Structural Adjustment
                               Credit.

     We welcome this opportunity to discuss the CAS for Tajikistan.
We would like to complement the staff for having presented this high
quality   document  prepared   in  consultation  with  all  concerned
particularly the civil society.        The report is analytical and
objective in describing the state of the economy and very positive in
its approach to the development of Tajikistan.
     We would like to express our appreciation of the impressive
manner in which the Government of Tajikistan has made significant
progress in achieving macro-economic stability during the past year.
     Notwithstanding Tajikistan’s recent fiscal performance, economic
growth and fall in inflation, a lot remains to be done to relieve the
people of that country from the grip of intense poverty. We are glad
to note that Bank staff has diagnosed the problems correctly and are
focusing their attention to alleviating poverty and bringing succor to
the most vulnerable groups.
     It is distressing to note that the best brains of Tajikistan
working at universities, institutions of learning and academies of
science are on the verge of starvation; at the same time there is
scarcity of skilled professionals for implementing development
programs. Adequate steps need to be taken to reorient and train these
professionals and deploy them at appropriate places so that the weak
institutions can be strengthened to meet the demands of the market
economy. The Bank has a significant role in this.
     Similarly, it is very disturbing to note the sharp deterioration
in school attendance and enrollment due to the fall in government
expenditure in health and education.       If this situation is not
reversed quickly, it will have a far-reaching effect on the future
development of the country. We would like to hear from the staff as
to what they have planned for addressing these issues.

     Major export revenue comes from cotton, and reform of the
agricultural sector should therefore merit high priority. Impediments
to the free market operations for the production and sale of
agricultural commodities need to be removed so that adequate
                                      2


    incentives become available to the farmers and the agricultural
    enterprises for improving their efficiency.
         The Bank’s plan to support the Government’s anti corruption
    strategy by strengthening legal enforcement agencies and institutions
    responsible for implementing civil service and tax reforms is a
    welcome strategy.    The law-enforcing agency has to be adequately
    strengthened within the ambit of the legal framework so that peace can
    be restored and at the same time abuse of authority can be minimized.
         Since the flow of bilateral assistance to Tajikistan is very
    small, the Bank should play a greater role in aid coordination so that
    more donors can participate in the reconstruction of Tajikistan with
    confidence. Government of Tajikistan also should send strong positive
    signals to the international donor community and ensure full
    protection to the safety and security of aid workers.

         We appreciate IFC’s role in establishing an international
    commercial bank and a leasing company for Tajikistan. This will be a
    landmark in the economic history of the country.
         We would like to draw the attention of the Management to the
    Report of CODE on “World Bank’s Experience with Post-Conflict
    Reconstruction”. In this context we would emphasize the importance of
    the Bank formulating an operational policy to guide staff in
    responding to post conflict situations quickly and more effectively.
         On the whole, this CAS contains a number of positive approaches
    to the development of the strife-torn Tajikistan.       We once again
    congratulate the staff members working under difficult circumstances
    in the field for having prepared this excellent document.     We agree
    with the strategies proposed in the report and also extend our support
    to      the      proposed      structural      adjustment      credit.




.
