         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                  International Development Association
                                                                    87381
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                      EDS98-392
                                                                    July 29, 1998

Board Meeting of July 30, 1998
Statement by Pieter Stek

                             Tajikistan:
     Country Assistance Strategy and Structural Adjustment Credit

     We welcome the opportunity of discussing this CAS for Tajikistan
and would like to commend staff for a well written document, which
presents development objectives and strategies of the country. We find
the role of the Bank in helping the Government to achieve growth and
poverty reduction is appropriate and balanced. Therefore, we would
have given our full support to the CAS, had not last week’s tragic
event take place. Now we wish to ask Management for its balanced
assessment of the risks for individuals including Bank staff involved
in the implementation of projects and, more generally, for the risk
that a lack of political stability will undermine the prospects of
economic development and for sound investment of Bank funds. If the
judgment is that risks are tolerable, then I endorse the priority
given in the CAS to supporting the Government’s determination to
develop the private sector and privatize public enterprises. Let us
hope that political stability will enable the Bank to implement the
measures outlined in the Base Case Scenario. Tajikistan has a good
potential for attracting foreign investors because of its rich natural
resources and its relatively cheap labor force. I would appreciate
information from staff on the measures that are envisaged by the Bank
Group to assist Tajikistan in attracting foreign investors, especially
if the CAS objectives for privatization would be realized.
     Poverty remains a serious concern in Tajikistan. In our view the
close link between poverty and unemployment warrants special attention
to labor market reform and programs of selective employment support.
However, we would like the staff to comment on the measures which
could be taken to improve the position of all the categories of poor.
If possible, we would like to hear about the recent trends in the
structure     of poverty. The impact of the crisis on poverty
particularly in rural areas, levels of income and employment are
worrisome. We believe that the task of reversing this situation is
enormous and needs the support of other development partners. We would
appreciate more information about the role of the partners in
addressing these problems.

     We would like to single out the special importance of the Bank’s
assistance strategy in the health and education sector. As the CAS
                                  2


points out, health and education profiles in the poorer provinces are
substantially worse than in the rest of the country.
     There is a wide spectrum of suitable projects for         IFC’s
involvement, we encourage the Corporation to broaden its presence in
the                                                         country.
