         International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
                  International Development Association
                                                                 87379
                     International Finance Corporation
                Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency
                        FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
                        CONFIDENTIAL
                                                                     EDS98-391
                                                                   July 29, 1998


Board Meeting of July 30, 1998
Statement by Matthias Meyer
  Tajikistan – Country Assistance Strategy and Structural Adjustment
                                Credit

Tajikistan has achieved significant progress in macroeconomic and
political stabilization since the signing of the peace agreement in
June 1997. My Tajik authorities highly value the assistance and quick
response provided by the World Bank and the IMF in the post-conflict
reconstruction of the country. They would also like to thank sincerely
the Bank’s management for organizing the Consultative Group Meeting in
Paris in May 1998.

Progress in the Peace Process

There are strong indications that the peace process is going solidly
forward despite occasional delays and setbacks. One of those was the
recent tragic incident where four UN workers got killed. However, this
incident has strengthened the resolve of the signatories to keep the
peace process on track. A joint statement dated July 28, 1998, by the
President of Tajikistan and the leader of the Tajik opposition gives
evidence of this view. All leaders of the opposition have returned and
are now residing and working in Dushanbe. Many have recently brought
their families from neighboring countries. I interpret this as a
strong symbol of confidence in the future stability.

Paragraph 3 of the CAS, implies that the civil conflict was based on
ethnic tensions, I am convinced that the cause of the recent civil war
was rather ideological (vision of the state, culture, religion), where
regional and social differences became politicized. Ethnic and
linguistic differences seem to have played a minor role.

The following steps were taken by the Government and the opposition to
speed up the peace process:

♦ Consensus on the revision of the controversial party law;

♦ Further progress in the power sharing arrangement. 6 representatives
of the UTO were appointed to high positions in the government in
accordance with the peace agreement. As the joint statement indicates,
the two parties agree on the inclusion of further representatives of
the opposition to reach the full 30% quota, the goal stated in the
peace agreement.
                                    2


♦ Return of 150 opposition fighters from Afghanistan. Technical and
financial difficulties to set up the assembly areas have slowed down
the demobilization process, but they should be resolved soon.

♦ Already 600 former members of the opposition’s armed groups were
sworn in to become part of the army or law enforcement. This process
continues.

♦ Reciprocal commitments to avoid using local and external mass media
for mutual accusations on political grounds.

♦ The majority     of the participants in the previous conflict were
granted amnesty     and released from jail. A draft resolution on a
general amnesty    involving the remaining part of the participants in
the conflict was   sent to Parliament.

♦ The release of prisoners of war and the return of refugees from the
territory of Afghanistan have been fully completed.

Amendments to the Constitution are being prepared to set the stage for
future parliamentary elections. If all goes according to expectations,
then Tajikistan will have multi-party elections within the next 12
months in the context of an open political climate and a free press.

For the progress on the political front to be consolidated and to be
sustainable, it is imperative that progress be made on the economic
front, and that the transition from one system to another receives the
necessary external support.

Recent Economic Progress

Macroeconomic stability has improved faster than foreseen under the
IMF’s post-conflict program. Fiscal and monetary policies were tighter
than programmed contributing to a more rapid reduction in inflation.
Cumulative inflation from October through April was 14 percent,
compared to a program target of 33 percent and inflation has been even
negative in May and June. The official nominal exchange rate has
remained roughly stable since September.

Strong fiscal adjustment has been key to the improved macroeconomic
stability as the fiscal targets for December and March were met with
wide margins. Furthermore, the end-March net international reserves,
net domestic assets and reserve money targets were observed with
substantial margins.

Structural reforms also progressed. Privatization of small enterprises
and the conversion of medium and large enterprises to joint stock
companies have picked up speed in the first half of 1998 in comparison
with 1997, and ambitious privatization targets have been set for the
remainder of 1998 and 1999. The banking system is being restructured
and   strengthened.    External   diagnostic   audits   according   to
international accounting standard have been completed or are underway
for each of the five major banks and operational restructuring
agreements have been signed.
                                  3


Institutional reforms have continued with further steps toward
developing the treasury system, strengthening of the NBT’s banking
supervision capacity, and increasing computerization of Goskomstat. In
the area of legal reform a new Law on Banks and Banking was prepared
as well as amendments to the laws on Collateral, Joint Stock
Companies, the Stock Market, and Bankruptcy. These laws were all
approved by the spring 1998 session of Parliament. A new Tax Code was
drafted in consultation with the IMF.

This list of accomplishments is not meant to be exhaustive but to
illustrate that my Tajik authorities have proven their commitment to
the reform process.

Progress in the implementation of the peace agreement and of the
economic reforms has started to show results in the real economy.
Officially recorded real GDP increased by almost 2 percent in 1997,
the first year since independence that real GDP has not fallen. The
recovery has continued with real GDP in the first semester of 1998
being 2.6 percent above the same period of 1997 according to the most
recent figures.

In this context, I would like to urge IFC to become more active in
Tajikistan. There are many promising business opportunities in
Tajikistan. The description in paragraph 40 of the CAS is quite
superficial and I would appreciate to get further clarifications from
IFC. I request that Tajikistan be included in the Extending the Reach
Initiative.

At the same time, I am satisfied that EDI has made Tajikistan one of
its focus countries (para. 41). Training by EDI will enhance the
quality of the reform process.

Resource Mobilization

There is a huge need to improve the provision of basic public services
in the areas of the social safety net, health and education and to
rebuild badly damaged public infrastructure. More urgently there is a
need to deal with the consequences of recent natural disasters. The
constraints on the budget are further aggravated by the need to
finance the peace process. Only a part of the pledges made at the
November 1997 Vienna Donor’s Conference has been transformed into
commitments.

Demobilization of ex-combatants and their reintegration in the society
will be difficult to achieve in a satisfactory way without further
external   financing.  Demobilization  is   a  prerequisite   for  the
consolidation of peace. A convincing program has been worked out, but
the complete financing is not yet assured. Therefore, I would like to
urge the Bank to foresee additional financing for the demobilization
program. Financing the demobilization and reintegration process is a
sound investment. It will reduce the risks that a serious setback
might occur, thereby making the entire World Bank commitment in
Tajikistan less risky.

In light of the successful implementation of the post-conflict
programs financed by the World Bank and the strong ownership of the
new ESAF program by key policy makers, I believe that the program
proposed in the CAS has a good chance of success. Tajikistan has
                                  4


proven under previous operations that the absorptive capacity exists.
I am aware of the risks involved, but I am convinced that it is
worthwhile to take them.

It would be very useful to strengthen the resident mission in
Dushanbe. The OED study on the World Bank’s experience with post-
conflict activities has clearly demonstrated that a competent, well-
staffed resident mission raises the chances of success. I hope that
management will move on that front as well.

Last but not least, I would like to appeal to my colleagues from
bilateral agencies that they put Tajikistan on the map of their aid
programs. Together with the World Bank, we can help Tajikistan to
strengthen         peace         and         reduce        poverty.
