Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2825 MOR
                    Loan Agreement
    (National Water Supply Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
                  KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                  Dated July 27, 1987
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2825 MOR
                    LOAN AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1987, between KINGDOM OF
MOROCCO (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
     WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as
to the feasibility and priority of the Project described
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, has requested the Bank
to assist in the financing of the Project;
     (B)  Part A of the Project will be carried out
through the Local Utilities, as defined in Section 1.02
(e) of this Agreement, with the Borrower's assistance
and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower will make
available to the Local Utilities part of the proceeds of
the Loan as provided in this Agreement;
     (C)  Part B of the Project will be carried out by
the National Water Supply Authority (ONEP), as defined in
Section 1.02 (a) of this Agreement, with the Borrower's
assistance and, as part of such assistance, the Borrower
will make available to ONEP part of the proceeds of the
Loan as provided in this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS the Bank has agreed, on the basis, inter
alia, of the foregoing, to extend the Loan to the
Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in the Project Agreement of even date
herewith between the Bank and ONEP;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
Page  2
            General Conditions; Definitions
     Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Loan and Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January
1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted
(the General Conditions) constitute an integral part of
this Agreement;
     Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the General Conditions and
in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional
terms have the following meanings:
     (a)  "ONEP" means the National Water Supply
Authority (Office National de l'Eau Potable), a public
enterprise established and operating pursuant to the
Borrower's Law (Dahir) No. 1-72-103 dated April 3, 1972,
as the same may be amended from time to time;
     (b)  "Project Agreement" means the agreement between
the Bank and ONEP of even date herewith, as the same may
be amended from time to time, and such terms includes all
schedules and agreements supplemental to the Project
Agreement;
     (c)  "Subsidiary Loan" means the loan made by the
Borrower out of the proceeds of the Loan referred to in
Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement to ONEP for Part B of
the Project;
     (d)  "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement
to be entered into between the Borrower and ONEP pursuant
to Section 3.01 (d) of this Agreement, as the same may be
amended from time to time, and such term includes all
schedules to the Subsidiary Loan Agreement;
     (e)  "Local Utility" means any of the municipal or
inter-municipal public enterprises providing water
supply, electricity and sewerage services in the urban
areas of the Borrower's territory, operating pursuant to
he Borrower's Decree (Decret) No. 2-64-394 dated
September 29, 1964 and to which the Borrower proposes to
make or has made a Sub-loan;
     (f)  "Sub-loan" means a loan made or proposed to be
made by the Borrower out of the proceeds of the Loan
referred to in Section 3.01 (c) of this Agreement to a
Local Utility for a Rehabilitation and Institutional
Restructuring Project;
     (g)  "Rehabilitation and Institutional Restructuring
Project" means a specific rehabilitation and
institutional restructuring project referred to in Part
A of the Project, to be carried out by a Local Utility
utilizing the proceeds of a Sub-Loan;
     (h)  "Sub-loan Agreement" means any of the
agreements to be entered into between the Borrower and a
Local Utility pursuant to Section 3.01 (c) of this
Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to such Sub-loan
Agreement;
     (i)  "RAD" means the Casablanca Water and
Electricity Distribution Authority (Regie Autonome
Intercommunale de Distribution d'Eau et d'Electricite de
Casablanca), a Local Utility established and operating
pursuant to the Borrower's Law (Dahir) No. 1-61-218 dated
October 21, 1961, as the same may be amended from time to
time;
Page  3
     (j)  "RED" means the Rabat Water and Electricity
Distribution Authority (Regie Autonome Intercommunale de
Distribution d'Eau et d'Electricite de Rabat), a Local
Utility established and operating pursuant to the
Borrower's Decisions (Arretes) dated March 1, 1965 and
August 21, 1969, as the same may be amended from time to
time;
     (k)  "DRSC" means the department within the
Borrower's Ministry of the Interior responsible for the
oversight of the Local Utilities (Direction des Regies et
des Services Concedes);
     (l)  "AH" means the office within the Borrower's
Ministry of Equipment, Vocational Training and Staff
Training responsible for the study and development of
national water resources (Administration de
l'Hydraulique);
     (m)  "Project Unit" means the unit to be established
and maintained by the Borrower for purposes of Part A of
the Project in accordance with the provisions of Section
3.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (n)  "Action Plan" means the action plan for the
carrying out of Parts A and C of the Project, referred to
in Section 3.02 (a) of this Agreement;
     (o)  "Category" means a category of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Loan as set forth in
the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (p)  "Basic Legislation" means the Borrower's Law
(Dahir) No. 1-72-103 dated April 3, 1972 establishing
ONEP; the Borrower's Decree (Decret) No. 2-64-394 dated
September 29, 1964 pursuant to which Local Utilities are
operating; the Borrower's Law (Dahir) No. 1-61-218 dated
October 21, 1961, establishing RAD; the Borrower's
Decisions (Arretes) dated March 1, 1965 and August 21,
1969 pursuant to which RED is operating; and the
Borrower's Laws (Dahirs) No. 1-59-271 dated April 14,
1960 and No. 1-61-402 dated June 30, 1962 governing the
Borrower's financial control of its public enterprises,
including ONEP and the Local Utilities;
     (q)  "Cofinanciers" means, in respect of each Local
Utility, the external sources, referred to in Part A (3)
of Section I of Schedule 4 to this Agreement, from which
such Local Utility intends to contract or has contracted
one or more loans, in addition to a Sub-loan, to assist
in the financing of such Local Utility's Rehabilitation
and Institutional Restructuring Project;
     (r)  "Cofinancing Agreements" means the agreement or
agreements setting forth the terms and conditions upon
which the Cofinanciers shall make one or more loans to a
Local Utility to assist in the financing of such Local
Utility's Rehabilitation and Institutional Restructuring
Project;
     (s)  "Special Account" means the account referred to
in Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
     (t)  "Bank of Morocco" means the Borrower's central
bank (Bank al Maghrib); and
     (u)  "Dirhams" means the currency of the Borrower.
                      ARTICLE II
                       The Loan
Page  4
     Section 2.01. The Bank agrees to lend to the
Borrower, on the terms and conditions set forth or
referred to in the Loan Agreement, an amount in various
currencies equivalent to sixty million dollars
($60,000,000).
     Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Loan may be
withdrawn from the Loan Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement for
expenditures made (or, if the Bank shall so agree, to be
made) in respect of the reasonable cost of goods and
services required for the Project described in Schedule
2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan.
     (b)  The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the
Project, open and maintain in dollars a special account
in the Bank of Morocco on terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits into, and payments out
of, the Special Account shall be made in accordance with
the provisions of Schedule 7 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30,
1995 or such later date as the Bank shall establish. The
Bank shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later
date.
     Section 2.04. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a
commitment charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per
cent (3/4 of 1%) per annum on the principal amount of the
Loan not withdrawn from time to time.
     Section 2.05. (a) The Borrower shall pay interest on
the principal amount of the Loan withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum for
each Interest Period equal to one half percent per annum
above the Cost of Qualified Borrowings for the last
Semester ending prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period.
     (b)  As soon as practicable after the end of each
Semester, the Bank shall notify the Borrower of the Cost
of Qualified Borrowings for such Semester.
     (c)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  "Interest Period" means the six-month
               period commencing on each date specified
               in Section 2.06 of this Agreement,
               including the Interest Period in which
               this Agreement is signed.
          (ii) "Cost of Qualified Borrowings" means the
               cost of the outstanding borrowings of the
               Bank drawn down after June 30, 1982,
               expressed as a percentage per annum, as
               reasonably determined by the Bank.
         (iii) "Semester" means the first six
               months or the second six months of a
               calendar year.
     Section 2.06. Interest and other charges shall be
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 in each
year.
     Section 2.07. The Borrower shall repay the principal
amount of the loan in accordance with the amortization
schedule set forth in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
Page  5
               Execution of the Project
     Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its
commitment to the objectives of the Project as set forth
in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, and, to this end, shall
carry out Part C of the Project and, through the Local
Utilities, Part A of the Project, with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and public utility
practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for said Parts of the Project.
     (b)  Without any limitation or restriction upon any
of its other obligations under the Loan Agreement, the
Borrower shall cause ONEP to perform in accordance with
the provisions of the Project Agreement all the
obligations of ONEP therein set forth, shall take or
cause to be taken all action, including the provision of
funds, facilities, services and other resources,
necessary or appropriate to enable ONEP to perform such
obligations, and shall not take or permit to be taken any
action which would prevent or interfere with such
performance.
     (c)  For the purpose of carrying out Part A of the
Project, the Borrower shall relend to the Local Utilities
the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to
Category (1) under sub-loan agreements to be entered into
between the Borrower and the Local Utilities, under terms
and conditions which shall have been approved by the
Bank, and which shall include, without limitation, those
set forth in Section I of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (d)  For the purpose of carrying out Part B of the
Project, the Borrower shall relend to ONEP the proceeds
of the Loan allocated from time to time to Category (2)
under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into
between the Borrower and ONEP, under terms and conditions
which shall have been approved by the Bank and which
shall include, without limitation, those set forth in
Section II of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
     (e)  The Borrower shall: (i) exercise its rights
under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement and each of the
Sub-loan Agreements in such manner as to protect the
interests of the Borrower and the Bank and to accomplish
the purposes of the Loan, and, except as the Bank shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall not assign, amend,
abrogate or waive the Subsidiary Loan Agreement, any
Sub-loan Agreement, or any provision thereof; and (ii)
cause each of the Local Utilities to perform in
accordance with the provisions of its Sub-loan Agreement
all the obligations of the Local Utility therein set
forth and shall take all action necessary or appropriate
to enable the Local Utility to perform such obligations,
and shall not take or permit to be taken any such action
which would prevent or interfere with such performance.
     Section 3.02. Without limitation upon the provisions
of Section 3.01 of this Agreement the Borrower shall:
     (a)  take all measures necessary to ensure that
Parts A and C of the Project shall, except as the
Borrower and the Bank may otherwise agree, be carried out
in accordance with the Action Plan set forth in Schedule
5 to this Agreement; and
     (b)  establish and thereafter maintain a project
unit with organization, membership, terms of reference
and resources satisfactory to the Bank, to be responsible
for appraising the Rehabilitation and Institutional
Page  6
Restructuring Projects to be carried out under Part A of
the Project, and for supervising and monitoring the
carrying out thereof by the Local Utilities.
     Section 3.03. In order to assist the Borrower in the
technical appraisals of, the coordination and supervision
of procurement for, and the supervision and monitoring of
the carrying out by the Local Utilities of, the
Rehabilitation and Institutional Restructuring Projects
under Part A of the Project, the Borrower shall employ
consultants whose qualifications, experience and terms of
reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank.
     Section 3.04. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and services
required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions
of Schedule 6 to this Agreement.
     Section 3.05. The Bank and the Borrower hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions
(relating to insurance, use of goods and services, plans
and schedules, records and reports, maintenance and land
acquisition, respectively) in respect of Part B of the
Project, shall be carried out by ONEP pursuant to Section
2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
             Financial and Other Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain or
cause to be maintained records and accounts adequate to
reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices the
operations, resources and expenditures in respect of the
Project of the departments or agencies of the Borrower
responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
     (b)  The Borrower shall:
          (i)  have the records and accounts referred to
               in paragraph (a) of this Section and the
               Special Account for each fiscal year
               audited, in accordance with appropriate
               auditing principles consistently applied,
               by independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, report
               of such audit by said auditors, of such
               scope and in such detail as the Bank
               shall have reasonably requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said records
               and accounts and the audit thereof
               as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     (c)  For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made on the basis
of statements of expenditure, the Borrower shall:
          (i)  maintain or cause to be maintained, in
               accordance with paragraph (a) of this
               Section, records and accounts reflecting
               such expenditures;
Page  7
          (ii) ensure that all records (contracts,
               orders, invoices, bills, receipts and
               other documents) evidencing such
               expenditures are retained until at least
               one year after the Bank has received the
               audit report for the fiscal year in which
               the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
               was made;
         (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to
               examine such records; and
          (iv) ensure that such records and accounts are
               included in the annual audit referred to
               in paragraph (b) of this Section and that
               the report of such audit contains a
               separate opinion by said auditors as to
               whether the statements of expenditure
               submitted during such fiscal year,
               together with the procedures and internal
               controls involved in their preparation,
               can be relied upon to support to the
               related withdrawals.
     Section 4.02. The Borrower shall prepare, and not
later than December 1 of each of its fiscal years,
furnish to the Bank the Borrower's plan of investments
for the water supply sector during the next five
following fiscal years. The Borrower and the Bank shall
exchange views on said plan and the Borrower shall, on
the basis of said exchange of views, thereafter take all
measures necessary to ensure that said plan shall be
carried out for such fiscal year with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with sound administrative,
financial, economic, engineering and water supply
management practices.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank may otherwise
agree, the Borrower shall take all measures necessary to
ensure that:
          (i)  the balance of the water bills due and
               payable as at December 31, 1986 by its
               public agencies to ONEP and each of the
               Local Utilities shall be paid to ONEP, or
               the Local Utility concerned, as the case
               may be, on the basis of guidelines and in
               accordance with a schedule satisfactory
               to the Bank;
          (ii) each of its public agencies shall pay its
               water bills, other than the bills
               referred to in subparagraph (l) of this
               paragraph, promptly when due, in
               accordance with procedures satisfactory
               to the Bank; and
         (iii) budgetary allocations shall be made
               for each fiscal year in the relevant
               budget or budgets of its public
               agencies in amounts sufficient to
               ensure the fulfillment of the
               obligations set forth in
               subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of this
               paragraph.
     (b)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  the term "public agencies" means the
               political or administrative subdivisions
               of the Borrower, or entities owned or
               controlled by, or operating for the
Page  8
               account or benefit of, the Borrower or
               any of its political or administrative
               subdivisions; and
          (ii) the term "water bills" means, in respect
               of each of the public agencies, the
               amounts periodically billed by ONEP and
               the Local Utilities to such agency for
               the supply of water and related services
               by ONEP or the Local Utilities, as the
               case may be, to such agency.
     Section 4.04. Without limitation upon the provisions
of Section 3.01 of this Agreement, the Borrower shall
take all action necessary on its part to enable: (a) each
of the Local Utilities to comply with its obligations
referred to in Part C (2) (a) (i) of Section I of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and (b) ONEP to comply with
its obligations referred to in Sections 3.02(b) and 4.02
of the Project Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
                 Remedies of the Bank
     Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (k) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  ONEP shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement or any of the
Local Utilities shall have failed to perform any of its
obligations under its Sub-loan Agreement.
     (b)  As a result of events which have occurred after
the date of the Loan Agreement, an extraordinary
situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that ONEP will be able to perform its
obligations under the Project Agreement or that any of
the Local Utilities will be able to perform any of its
obligations under its Sub-loan Agreement.
     (c)  The Basic Legislation or any other law, decree
or decision of the Borrower pertaining to the
establishment or operations of ONEP or of any of the
Local Utilities shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the ability of ONEP to perform any of its
obligations under the Project Agreement or of any of the
Local Utilities to perform any of its obligations under
its Sub-loan Agreement.
     (d)  The Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the
dissolution or disestablishment of ONEP or of any of the
Local Utilities or for the suspension of the operations
of ONEP or of any of the Local Utilities.
     Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (h) of the
General Conditions, the following additional events are
specified:
     (a)  the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for
a period of sixty days after notice thereof shall have
been given by the Bank to the Borrower; and
     (b)  the events specified in paragraphs (c) and (d)
of Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                      ARTICLE VI
Page  9
              Effective Date; Termination
     Section 6.01. The following events are specified as
additional conditions to the effectiveness of the Loan
Agreement within the meaning of Section 12.01 (c) of the
General Conditions:
     (a)  the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been executed
on behalf of the Borrower and ONEP; and
     (b)  the corporate development plan agreed between
the Borrower and ONEP and satisfactory to the Bank,
referred to in Section 3.02 (b) of the Project Agreement,
for the fiscal years 1987-1989 has been prepared and
furnished to the Bank in accordance with the provisions
of said Section.
     Section 6.02. The following are specified as
additional matters, within the meaning of Section 12.02
(c) of the General Conditions, to be included in the
opinion or opinions to be furnished to the Bank:
     (a)  that the Project Agreement has been duly
authorized or ratified by ONEP and is legally binding
upon ONEP in accordance with its terms; and
     (b)  that the Subsidiary Loan Agreement has been
duly authorized or ratified by each of the Borrower and
ONEP and is legally binding upon each of the Borrower and
ONEP in accordance with its terms.
     Section 6.03. The date ninety (90) days after the
date of this Agreement is hereby specified for the
purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VII
      Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
     Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower
for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
     Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified
for the purposes of Section 11.01 of the General
Conditions:
     For the Borrower:
          Ministry of Finance
          Rabat
          Kingdom of Morocco
          Cable address:           Telex:
               MINISTERE FINANCES     31936
               Rabat
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD              440098 (ITT)
               Washington, D.C.       248423 (RCA), or
                                       64145 (WUI)
Page  10
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
                    KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
                    By /s/ M. Bargach
                              Authorized Representative
                    INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                      RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                    By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
                      SCHEDULE 1
        Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Loan
1.   The table below sets forth the Categories of items
to be financed out of the proceeds of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Loan to each Category
and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                       Amount of the
                      Loan Allocated       % of
                       (Expressed in   Expenditures
   Category         Dollar Equivalent)to be Financed
(1)                    For Part A
   of the Project:
   (a)  pipes and      10,622,000       47%
        repairs thereof
   (b)  goods for       8,012,000       100% of foreign
        Part A (1)                      expenditures,
        thereof (other                  54% of local
        than pipes                      expenditures
        and repairs
        thereof)
   (c)  pipelaying and  4,898,000       38%
        installation of
        water meters and
        appurtenances
   (d)  works other     6,368,000       36%
        than those
        referred to in
        Category (1) (c)
   (e)  data processing   344,000       62%
        equipment and
        related software
   (f)  consultants'    5,289,000       100% of foreign
        services                        expenditures and
        training,                       50% of local ex-
        equipment and                   penditures
Page  11
        fellowships
(2)  For Part B of the
     Project:
    (a)  pipes and      2,978,000       47%
         repairs thereof
    (b)  goods for      6,689,000       100% of foreign
         Part A (1)                     expenditures,
         thereof (other                 54% of local
         than pipes)                    expenditures
         and repairs
         thereof
   (c)   pipelaying and 1,202,000       38%
         installation of
         water meters and
         appurtenances
   (d)   works other    1,332,000       36%
         than those
         referred to in
         Category (2) (c)
   (e)   data processing  479,000       62%
         equipment and
         related software
   (f)   consultants'   1,145,000       100% of foreign
         services                       expenditures and
         training,                      50% of local ex-
         equipment and                  penditures
         fellowships
(3)For Part C of the
   Project:
    (a)  data process-    977,000       62%
        ing equipment
        and related
        software
   (b)  consultants'    4,165,000       100% of foreign
        services,                       expenditures and
        training and                    50% of local
        fellowships                     expenditures
(4)Unallocated          5,500,000
     TOTAL             60,000,000
2.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "foreign expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of any country other than
that of the Borrower for goods or services supplied from
the territory of any country other than that of the
Borrower; and
     (b)  the term "local expenditures" means
expenditures in the currency of the Borrower or for goods
or services supplied from the territory of the Borrower.
3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above,
no withdrawals shall be made in respect of:
     (a)  payments made for expenditures prior to the
date of this Agreement, except that withdrawals, in an
aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
$1,000,000, may be made in respect of Categories (2) (e),
(2) (f) and (3) (a) on account of payments made for
Page  12
expenditures before that date but after October 31, 1985;
     (b)  expenditures, in respect of a Rehabilitation
and Institutional Restructuring Project for which a
Sub-loan has been made to a Local Utility, to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated to Category (1)
unless and until:
          (i)  the Rehabilitation and Institutional
               Restructuring Project shall have been
               approved by the Bank in accordance with
               the provisions of Part A (4) of Section I
               of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
          (ii) evidence (including one or more legal
               opinions) satisfactory to the Bank shall
               have been furnished to the Bank,
               establishing that (A) a Sub-loan
               Agreement has been executed on behalf of,
               and is legally binding upon, the Borrower
               and the Local Utility, in accordance with
               its terms, and (B) if one or more loans
               from Cofinanciers is or are required to
               assist in financing the Rehabilitation
               and Institutional Restructuring Project,
               the Local Utility shall have concluded
               Cofinancing Agreements, on terms and
               conditions satisfactory to the Bank, with
               all such Cofinanciers; and
     (c)  expenditures to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Loan allocated to Category (1) unless and until:
          (i)  the Project Unit shall have been
               established in accordance with the
               Provisions of Section 3.02 (b) of this
               Agreement; and
          (ii) the consultants referred to in Section
               3.03 of this Agreement shall have been
               employed in accordance with the
               provisions of said Section.
                      SCHEDULE 2
              Description of the Project
     The objectives of the Project are to assist in the
carrying out of programs to: (1) improve the efficiency
of the water supply systems in the Borrower's territory;
(2) improve water resources management and investment
planning in the water sector; and (3) strengthen the
institutional structures of the water sector, including
the organization, management, operations and financial
performance of public enterprises operating in the water
supply sector.
Part A:   Local Utilities
     Provision by the Borrower to Local Utilities of
Sub-loans for the carrying out of the following
rehabilitation and institutional restructuring projects:
(1)  Rehabilitation
     (a)  Rehabilitation of water production and
          distribution facilities, including provision
          or repair of pipes and other equipment
          required therefor;
     (b)  construction or rehabilitation of service
          reservoirs, including provision or repair of
Page  13
          equipment required therefor; and
     (c)  provision of equipment and vehicles required
          for leak detection.
(2)  Institutional Restructuring
     (a)  Carrying out of studies to develop and/or
          update master plans for the production and
          distribution of water resources, to develop
          suitable leak detection and repair programs
          and preventive maintenance programs and to
          identify future investment programs;
     (b)  development and carrying out of a program to
          introduce and apply: (i) an appropriate
          management information system; and (ii)
          suitable accounting systems, including cost
          accounting systems, and an appropriate
          methodology for the valuation of assets; and
          provision of data processing equipment and
          related software required for said systems;
     (c)  development and carrying out of training
          programs to upgrade the technical skills of
          the staff of the Local Utilities, including
          expansion of the training center for such
          staff, provision of training equipment
          required therefor and provision of fellowships
          to said staff; and
     (d)  establishment and staffing of a permanent
          procurement committee in accordance with the
          program implemented by the Borrower pursuant
          to Part C (3) of the Project.
Part B:   ONEP
(1)  Rehabilitation
     (a)  Rehabilitation of water production and
          distribution facilities and of well fields,
          including provision or repair of pipes and
          other equipment required therefor;
     (b)  construction or rehabilitation of service
          reservoirs, including provision or repair of
          equipment required therefor; and
     (c)  provision of equipment and vehicles required
          for leak detection.
(2)  Institutional Restructuring
     Carrying out of programs to improve ONEP's
organization, management and operations, including:
     (a)  carrying out of studies to develop suitable
          leak detection and preventive maintenance
          programs and to identify future investment
          programs;
     (b)  carrying out of a program to improve ONEP's
          management information system, including
          development and introduction of suitable
          accounting systems, including a cost
          accounting system, and an integrated computer
          system; and provision of data processing
          equipment and related software required for
          said systems; and
     (c)  development and carrying out of a staff
Page  14
          training program to upgrade the technical
          skills of ONEP's staff, including provision of
          training equipment required therefor and
          fellowships to said staff.
Part C:   Borrower
(1)  Development and introduction of an appropriate
     system: (a) to identify and elaborate suitable
     strategies and policies for the development,
     allocation and management of the Borrower's water
     resources; (b) to coordinate the development of
     said water resources, including the planning of
     investments in the Borrower's water sector; and (c)
     regulate the extraction, utilization and disposal
     of said water resources.
(2)  Development and carrying out of a program to
     improve the institutional structures of the
     Borrower's water sector, including:
     (a)  carrying out of a study to develop an optimal
          organizational structure for the Borrower's
          water supply sector;
     (b)  development and implementation of a suitable
          data processing system for AH, including
          provision of data processing equipment and
          related software required therefor; and
     (c)  carrying out of a program to develop and
          implement appropriate management information
          systems designed to ensure coordinated and
          adequate monitoring by the Borrower of the
          operations of ONEP and the Local Utilities.
(3)  Development and carrying out of a program designed
     to improve the procurement decision-making process
     of the Local Utilities.
(4)  Development and carrying out of a staff training
     program to upgrade the technical skills of the
     staff of AH and DRSC, including provision of
     fellowships to said staff.
(5)  Preparation of: (a) the master plan for the
     development of water resources in the Southern
     Atlas Mountains; (b) national master plan for the
     management and development of water resources
     throughout the Borrower's territory.
                       *   *   *
     The Project is expected to be completed by December
31, 1994.
                      SCHEDULE 3
                 Amortization Schedule
                                   Payment of Principal
Date Payment Due                        (Expressed in
dollars)*
On each April 1 and October 1
     beginning October 1, 1992
     through   April 1, 2007                 2,000,000
Page  15
___________________________
*    The figures in this column represent dollar
     equivalents determined as of the respective dates
     of withdrawal. See General Conditions, Sections
     3.04 and 4.03.
                Premiums on Prepayment
     The following premiums are specified for the
purposes of Section 3.04 (b) of the General Conditions:
     Time of Prepayment            Premium
                              The interest rate
                              (expressed as a
                              percentage per annum)
                              applicable to the balance
                              outstanding on the Loan
                              on the day of prepayment
                              multiplied by:
Not more than three years                    0.15
     before maturity
More than three years                        0.30
     but not more than six years
     before maturity
More than six years                          0.55
     but not more than eleven
     years before maturity
More than eleven years                       0.80
     but not more than sixteen
     years before maturity
More than sixteen years but                  0.90
     not more than eighteen
     years before maturity
More than eighteen years                     1.00
     before maturity
                      SCHEDULE 4
                Sub-loan Agreements and
              Subsidiary Loan Agreement:
            Principal Terms and Conditions
     For purposes of Sections 3.01 (c) and 3.01 (d) of
this Agreement, the Borrower shall conclude: (a) Sub-loan
Agreements with the Local Utilities for the purpose of
carrying out Rehabilitation and Institutional
Restructuring Projects under Part A of the Project under
the principal terms and conditions set forth or referred
to in Section I of this Schedule; and (b) the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement with ONEP for the purpose of carrying out
Part B of the Project under the principal terms and
conditions set forth or referred to in Section II of this
Schedule.
Section I.  Sub-loan Agreements - Principal Terms and
Conditions
A.   Conditions of Approval
Page  16
     Each Sub-loan shall be made to a Local Utility for
a Rehabilitation and Institutional Restructuring Project
only after:
(1)  the Local Utility shall have prepared, on the basis
     of guidelines satisfactory to the Bank an
     application, which shall include inter alia: (a) a
     description of the Local Utility, its water
     production and distribution system and its
     operations; (b) the Local Utility's development
     plan for its fiscal years 1987-1995; and (c) a
     detailed technical, economic and financial analysis
     of the Rehabilitation and Institutional
     Restructuring Project, including its estimated
     cost, together with a proposed financing plan
     therefor;
(2)  the Borrower shall, on the basis of said
     application, have carried out through the Project
     Unit an appraisal of the Local Utility and the
     Rehabilitation and Institutional Restructuring
     Project and shall, on the basis of such appraisal,
     have determined in accordance with guidelines
     satisfactory to the Bank that: (a) for each year
     during the carrying out of the Rehabilitation and
     Institutional Restructuring Project, the Local
     Utility is in a position to produce funds from
     internal resources (as such term is defined in Part
     C (2) (b) of this Section) equivalent to not less
     than 30% of the annual average of the Local
     Utility's capital expenditures (as such term is
     defined in said Part C (2) (b)) incurred or
     expected to be incurred for that fiscal year, the
     previous fiscal year and the next following fiscal
     year; and (b) the Rehabilitation and Institutional
     Restructuring Project is technically, financially
     and economically viable;
(3)  if one or more loans from external sources (in
     addition to the Sub-loan) are required to assist in
     the financing of the Rehabilitation and
     Institutional Restructuring Project, the Local
     Utility shall have applied to such sources for such
     loans; and
(4)  the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank a
     copy of the Local Utility's application or
     applications for the Sub-loan and any other loans
     from Cofinanciers, the Borrower's appraisal, and
     such other information as the Bank may reasonably
     request, and the Bank shall have approved the
     Rehabilitation and Institutional Restructuring
     Project and notified the Borrower of such approval.
B.   Payment Terms
     (1)  Each Local Utility shall repay to the Borrower
          the principal amount of its Sub-loan over a
          period not exceeding 20 years from the date of
          this Agreement, inclusive of a grace period
          not exceeding 5 years.
     (2)  The principal amount of such Sub-loan
          repayable to the Borrower shall be the
          equivalent in terms of Dirhams (determined as
          of the date or respective dates of repayment
          by the Local Utility) of the value of the
          currency or currencies withdrawn from the Loan
          Account or paid out of the Special Account on
          account of the cost of goods and services for
          the Rehabilitation and Institutional
Page  17
          Restructuring Project to be financed under
          such Sub-loan out of the proceeds of the Loan
          allocated from time to time to Category (1).
     (3)  Each Local Utility shall pay to the Borrower:
          (a) interest on the principal amount of its
          Sub-loan withdrawn and outstanding from time
          to time at the rate applicable from time to
          time to the Loan pursuant to the provisions of
          Section 2.05 of this Agreement; and (b) the
          equivalent in terms of Dirhams (determined as
          of the date or respective dates of payment by
          the Borrower) of all other amounts or charges
          paid or payable by the Borrower on the
          proceeds of the Loan made available to the
          Local Utility pursuant to the Sub-loan
          Agreement.
C.   Other Terms and Conditions
     (1)  Sub-loan Agreements shall include terms
          whereby the Borrower shall obtain rights
          adequate to protect the interests of the Bank
          and the Borrower, including:
     (a)  that each Local Utility shall undertake to:
          (i)  carry out and operate the Rehabilitation
               and Institutional Restructuring Project
               with due diligence and efficiency, in
               accordance with the provisions of Part A
               of the Action Plan and in accordance with
               sound technical, financial and managerial
               standards and practices and provide
               promptly as needed, the funds, facilities
               and other resources required for the
               purpose;
          (ii) procure the goods, works and services
               required for the Rehabilitation and
               Institutional Restructuring Project and
               to be financed out of the proceeds of the
               Loan in accordance with the provisions of
               Schedule 6 to this Agreement, and use
               such goods, works and services
               exclusively in the carrying out of the
               Rehabilitation and Institutional
               Restructuring Project;
         (iii) take out and maintain with
               responsible insurers such insurance,
               against such risks and in such
               amounts, as shall be consistent with
               sound business practice, and,
               without any limitation upon the
               foregoing, such insurance shall
               cover hazards incident to the
               acquisition, transportation and
               delivery of goods financed out of
               the proceeds of the Loan to the
               place of use or installation, any
               indemnity thereunder to be made
               payable in a currency freely usable
               by the Local Utility to replace or
               repair such goods;
          (iv) maintain records and procedures adequate
               (A) to record and monitor, in accordance
               with indicators satisfactory to the Bank
               the carrying on of its operations and the
               carrying out of the Rehabilitation and
               Institutional Restructuring Project
Page  18
               (including its cost and the benefits to
               be derived from it), and (B) to identify
               the goods and services financed out of
               the proceeds of the Loan, and to disclose
               their use in the Rehabilitation and
               Institutional Restructuring Project;
          (v)  enable the representatives of the
               Borrower and of the Bank to visit any
               facilities and construction sites
               included in the Rehabilitation and
               Institutional Restructuring Project and
               to examine the goods financed out of the
               proceeds of the Loan, and any plants,
               installations, sites, works, buildings,
               property, equipment, records and
               documents relevant to the performance of
               the obligations of the Local Utility
               under the Sub-loan Agreement;
          (vi) prepare and furnish to the Borrower every
               quarter all such information as the
               Borrower or the Bank shall reasonably
               request relating to: (A) the
               Rehabilitation and Institutional
               Restructuring Project, its cost, and
               where appropriate, the benefits to be
               derived from it, the expenditures of the
               proceeds of the Loan allocated for the
               Rehabilitation and Institutional
               Restructuring Project and the goods and
               services financed out of such proceeds;
               and (B) the Local Utility's
               administration and operations;
         (vii) promptly after completion of the
               Rehabilitation and Institutional
               Restructuring Project, but in any
               event not later than six months
               after the Closing Date, or such
               later date as may be agreed for this
               purpose between the Borrower and the
               Bank, prepare and furnish to the
               Bank a report, of such scope and in
               such detail as the Bank may
               reasonably request, on the execution
               and initial operation of the
               Rehabilitation and Institutional
               Restructuring Project, its costs and
               the benefits derived and to be
               derived from it, the performance by
               the Local Utility and the Borrower
               of their respective obligations
               under the Sub-loan Agreement and the
               accomplishment of the purposes of
               the Sub-loan;
        (viii) at all times operate and maintain any
               facilities relevant to the Rehabilitation
               and Institutional Restructuring Project
               and promptly as needed, make or cause to
               be made all necessary repairs and
               renewals thereof;
          (ix) (A) maintain records and accounts
               adequate to reflect in accordance with
               sound accounting practices its operations
               and financial condition; (B) have its
               accounts and financial statements
               (balance sheets, statements of income and
               expenses and related statements) for each
               fiscal year audited, in accordance with
Page  19
               appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent
               auditors acceptable to the Bank; (C)
               furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Borrower or the Bank shall have
               reasonably requested; and (D) furnish to
               the Bank such other information
               concerning said accounts and financial
               statements as well as the audit thereof
               and said records, as the Borrower or the
               Bank shall from time to time reasonably
               request; and
     (b)  provisions to ensure the right of the Borrower
          to suspend or terminate the right of the Local
          Utility to the use of the proceeds of the
          Sub-loan upon failure by such Local Utility to
          perform its obligations under its contract
          with the Borrower.
     (2)  (a)  In addition to the foregoing, Sub-loan
               Agreements shall include terms requiring
               each Local Utility:
          (i)  (A) except as the Borrower and the Bank
               shall otherwise agree, to produce, for
               each of its fiscal years after its fiscal
               year ending on December 31, 1987, funds
               from internal sources equivalent to not
               less than 30% of the annual average of
               the Local Utility's capital expenditures
               incurred, or expected to be incurred for
               that year, the previous fiscal year and
               the next following fiscal year; (B)
               before October 31 in each of its fiscal
               years, and on the basis of forecasts
               prepared by the Local Utility and
               satisfactory to the Bank, to review
               whether it would meet the requirements
               set forth in sub-paragraph (a) (i) (A) of
               this paragraph (2) in respect of such
               year and the next following fiscal year
               and furnish to the Bank a copy of such
               review upon its completion; and (C) if
               any such review shows that the Local
               Utility would not meet the requirements
               set forth in said sub-paragraph (a) (i)
               (A) for the Local Utility's  fiscal years
               covered by such review, promptly to take
               all necessary measures (including,
               without limitation, adjustments of the
               structure or levels of its rates) in
               order to meet such requirements; and
          (ii) (A) promptly to bill the Borrower's
               public agencies so as to enable said
               public agencies to fulfill the
               obligations set forth in Section 4.03 (a)
               (ii) of this Agreement in accordance with
               the terms of said Sections; (B) to take
               all measures necessary to ensure that:
               (1) the balance of the bills due and
               payable by it as at December 31, 1986 to
               the Borrower's public agencies shall be
               paid in accordance with a schedule
               satisfactory to the Bank; and (2) all
Page  20
               bills, other than those referred to in
               (1) above, payable to the Borrower's
               public agencies shall be paid promptly
               when due; and (C) to furnish to the
               Borrower quarterly reports, in form and
               substance satisfactory to the Bank, on
               the progress in carrying out the
               obligations set forth in this
               sub-paragraph (ii).
     (b)  For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this
paragraph (2):
          (i)  The term "funds from internal sources"
               means the difference between: (A) the sum
               of revenues from all sources related to
               water supply operations, including net
               non-operating income and any reduction in
               working capital other than cash, but
               excluding consumer and developer deposits
               and consumer and developer contributions
               in aid of construction; and (B) the sum
               of all expenses related to water supply
               operations, including administration,
               adequate maintenance and taxes and
               payments in lieu of taxes (excluding
               provision for depreciation and other
               non-cash operating charges), debt service
               requirements, all cash dividends and
               other cash distributions of surplus,
               increase in working capital other than
               cash and other cash outflows other than
               capital expenditures.
          (ii) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between: (A) revenues from
               all sources other than those related to
               water supply operations; and (B)
               expenses, including taxes and payments in
               lieu of taxes, incurred in the generation
               of revenues in (A) above.
         (iii) The term "working capital other than
               cash" means the difference between
               current assets excluding cash and
               current liabilities at the end of
               each fiscal year.
          (iv) The term "current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
          (v)  The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
          (vi) The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
Page  21
         (vii) The term "capital expenditures"
               means all expenditures incurred on
               account of fixed assets, including
               interest charged to construction,
               related to water supply operations
               but excluding capital expenditures
               financed by consumer and developer
               deposits or consumer and developer
               contributions in aid of
               construction.
        (viii) Whenever it shall be necessary to
               value, in terms of Dirhams, debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis
               of the prevailing lawful rate of
               exchange at which such other
               currency is, at the time of such
               valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or,
               in the absence of such rate, on the
               basis of a rate of exchange
               acceptable to the Bank.
          (ix) The term "Borrower's public agencies"
               means the political or administrative
               sub-divisions of the Borrower, or
               entities owned or controlled by, or
               operating for the account or benefit of,
               the Borrower or any of its political or
               administrative sub-divisions.
          (x)  The term "bills" means, in respect of
               each of the public agencies, the amounts
               periodically billed by said public agency
               to the Local Utility for the provision of
               goods or services by said public agency
               to the Local Utility.
Section II.    Subsidiary Loan Agreement - Principal
               Terms and Conditions
     A.   ONEP shall repay to the Borrower the principal
          amount of the Subsidiary Loan over a period
          not exceeding 20 years, inclusive of a grace
          period not exceeding 5 years.
     B.   The principal amount of the Subsidiary Loan
          repayable to the Borrower shall be the
          equivalent in terms of Dirhams (determined as
          of the date or respective dates of repayment
          by ONEP) of the value of the currency or
          currencies withdrawn from the Loan Account or
          paid out of the Special Account on account of
          the cost of goods and services for Part B of
          the Project to be financed under the
          Subsidiary Loan out of the proceeds of the
          Loan allocated from time to time to Category
          (2).
     C.   ONEP shall pay to the Borrower: (1) interest
          on the principal amount of the Subsidiary Loan
          withdrawn and outstanding from time to time at
          the rate applicable from time to time to the
          Loan pursuant to the provisions of Section
          2.05 of this Agreement; and (2) the equivalent
          in terms of Dirhams (determined as of the date
          or respective dates of payment by the
          Borrower) of all other amounts or charges paid
          or payable by the Borrower on the proceeds of
          the Loan made available to ONEP pursuant to
Page  22
          the Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      SCHEDULE 5
                      Action Plan
     In order to ensure the proper carrying out of Parts
A and C of the Project, the Borrower and the Local
Utilities shall, for purposes of Section 3.02 (a) of, and
Section I C (1) (a) (i) of Schedule 4 to, this
Agreement,inter alia, carry out the following actions.
A.   Part A of the Project
1.   In order to assist the Local Utilities in carrying
     out the studies, included in Part A (2) (a) of the
     Project, to develop and/or update their water
     master plans, to develop leak detection and repair
     programs and preventive maintenance programs and to
     identify future investment programs, each Local
     Utility shall: (a) not later than July 1, 1988,
     employ consultants whose qualifications, experience
     and terms of reference shall be satisfactory to the
     Bank; (b) take all measures necessary to ensure
     that said studies shall be completed and copies
     thereof, together with the recommendations based
     thereon, shall be furnished to the Bank; and (c)
     thereafter, but in any event not later than July 1,
     1990, carry out said recommendations, taking into
     account the Bank's comments thereon.
2.   Under Part A (2) (b) (i) of the Project: (a) The
     Local Utilities shall enter into arrangements with
     RAD, satisfactory to the Bank, whereby RAD shall,
     on behalf of all of the Local Utilities: (i)
     employ, not later than March 1, 1988, consultants
     whose qualifications, experience and terms of
     reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank, to
     assist in developing and introducing an appropriate
     management information system for each Local
     Utility; and (ii) furnish to the Bank not later
     than June 1, 1989, the findings of said consultants
     and the recommendations based thereon for the
     Bank's review and comments.
     (b)  Thereafter, but in any event not later than
September 30, 1989, each Local Utility shall introduce
and apply its management information system on the basis
of the Bank's comments thereon.
3.   Under Part A (b) (2) of the Project: (a) RED shall:
     (i) not later than January 1, 1988, introduce and
     apply a general accounting system satisfactory to
     the Bank; and (ii) furnish to the Borrower and the
     Bank not later than April 1, 1989, a report, in
     form and substance satisfactory to the Bank, on the
     results of the application of said system, together
     with recommendations for its application by the
     other Local Utilities. The Borrower and the Bank
     shall exchange views on said recommendations, and
     each Local Utility shall, not later than January 1,
     1990, introduce and apply such system on the basis
     of said exchange of views.
     (b)  Each Local Utility shall establish, not later
     than January 1, 1988, and thereafter maintain a
     committee with organization, staffing, resources
     and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank to
     be responsible for inventory and valuation of the
     Local Utility's fixed assets.
     (c) The Local Utilities shall enter into
Page  23
     arrangements with RED, satisfactory to the Bank,
     whereby RED shall, on behalf of all of the Local
     Utilities: (i) employ, not later than January 1,
     1988, consultants, whose qualifications, experience
     and terms of reference shall be satisfactory to the
     Bank, to assist in developing a suitable cost
     accounting system for the Local Utilities and a
     suitable methodology for valuation of the Local
     Utilities' fixed assets; and (ii) furnish to the
     Bank the findings of said consultants and the
     recommendations based thereon for the Bank's review
     and comments.
     (d)  Each Local Utility shall thereafter, but in any
event not later than January 1, 1989, introduce and
implement its cost accounting system and the methodology
for valuation of its fixed assets, on the basis of the
Bank's comments thereon.
4.   Under Part A (2) (c) of the Project: (a) The Local
     Utilities shall enter into arrangements with RAD,
     satisfactory to the Bank, whereby RAD shall: (i)
     not later than January 1, 1988, employ consultants,
     whose qualifications, experience and terms of
     reference shall be satisfactory to the Bank to
     assist in developing training programs for the
     staff of the Local Utilities; and (ii) furnish to
     the Bank, the training programs prepared by said
     consultants for the Bank's review and comments.
     (b)  Thereafter, but in any event not later than
July 1, 1989 each Local Utility shall commence said
training programs on the basis of the Bank's comments
thereon.
5.   Under Part A (2) (d) of the Project, each Local
     Utility shall, in accordance with the program
     developed by the Borrower pursuant to Part B (6) of
     this Schedule, establish not later than January 1,
     1988, and thereafter maintain a permanent
     procurement committee with organization, membership
     and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank.
B.   Part C of the Project
1.   Under Part C (1) of the Project, the Borrower
     shall: (a) prepare and, not later than April 1,
     1988, furnish to the Bank for the Bank's review and
     comments the proposed system to: (i) identify and
     elaborate suitable strategies and policies for the
     development, allocation and management of the
     Borrower's water resources; (ii) coordinate the
     development of such water resources; and (iii)
     regulate the extraction, utilization and disposal
     thereof; and (b) thereafter, promptly take all
     measures required on its part (including the
     preparation and presentation to its national
     assembly of any legislation required and the pre-
     paration of related regulations) to introduce and
     apply such system on the basis of the Bank's
     comments thereon, in accordance with a time
     schedule satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   In addition to the foregoing, the Borrower shall,
     under Part C (1) of the Project, establish, not
     later than April 1, 1988 and thereafter maintain a
     committee with organization, membership, powers and
     terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, to be
     responsible for the planning and coordination of
     investments in the water sector, including the
     preparation and updating of the water supply sector
     investment plans referred to in Section 4.02 of
Page  24
     this Agreement.
3.   In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the
     study, included in Part C (2) (a) of the Project,
     of the organization of the water supply sector, the
     Borrower shall: (a) not later than January 1, 1989,
     employ consultants, whose qualifications,
     experience and terms of reference shall be
     satisfactory to the Bank; (b) take all measures
     necessary to ensure that said study shall be
     completed and a copy thereof, together with the
     recommendations based thereon, furnished to the
     Bank; and (c) thereafter, take all measures
     necessary to ensure that those recommendations
     based on said study which shall have been agreed
     between the Borrower and the Bank shall be carried
     out not later than January 1, 1991.
4.   Under Part C (2) (b) of the Project, the Borrower
     shall, not later than January 1, 1988, introduce in
     AH and apply a data processing system satisfactory
     to the Bank.
5.   Under Part C (2) (c) of the Project, the Borrower
     shall: maintain operational procedures adequate to
     enable it properly to monitor and evaluate, in
     accordance with indicators satisfactory to the
     Bank, the operational and financial performance of
     ONEP and the Local Utilities; and not later than
     April 1 and November 1 of each year, furnish to the
     Bank a report, in form and substance satisfactory
     to the Bank, setting forth the conclusions and
     recommendations indicated by such monitoring and
     evaluation activities carried out during the last
     calendar semester ending prior to said date. To
     ensure the proper carrying out of such evaluation
     activities, the Borrower shall prepare and not
     later than November 1, 1988, furnish to the Bank
     for the Bank's review and comments standards
     against which to carry out such evaluation
     activities and thereafter promptly apply such
     standards on the basis of the Bank's comments
     thereon.
6.   Under Part C (3) of the Project the Borrower shall:
     (a) prepare, and not later than January 1, 1988,
     furnish to the Bank for the Bank's review and
     comments a program of measures designed to improve
     the procurement decision-making process of the
     Local Utilities; and (b) thereafter promptly
     implement such program on the basis of the Bank's
     comments thereon.
                      SCHEDULE 6
               Procurement and Services
Section I:  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with
procedures consistent with those set forth in Sections I
and II of the "Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD
Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in May 1985
(the Guidelines).
2.   To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall
be grouped in bid packages estimated to cost the
equivalent of $100,000 or more each.
Page  25
Part B:   Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
     In the procurement of goods in accordance with the
procedures described in Part A.1 hereof, goods
manufactured in the Kingdom of Morocco may be granted a
margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the
Guidelines and paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2
thereto.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   (a)  Data processing equipment and related software
may be procured under contracts awarded through limited
international bidding procedures on the basis of
evaluation and comparison of bids invited from at least
three qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines
and in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs
2.8, 2.9, 2.55 and 2.56 thereof).
     (b)  (i)  Goods (other than pipes) for Part A of
               the Project, estimated to cost less than
               the equivalent of $100,000 per contract,
               up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
               the equivalent of $2,000,000 and (ii)
               goods (other than pipes) for Part 8 of
               the project, estimated to cost less than
               the equivalent of $100,000 per contract,
               up to an aggregate amount not to exceed
               the equivalent of $1,500,000, may be
               procured under contracts awarded on the
               basis of competitive bidding, advertised
               locally, in accordance with procedures
               satisfactory to the Bank.
2.   (a)  Except as provided in subparagraph (b) of this
paragraph, civil works shall be procured under contracts
awarded on the basis of competitive bidding, advertised
locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
     (b)  Works for the rehabilitation of production and
distribution facilities under Parts A (1) (a) and B (1)
(a) of the Project, and for installation of equipment
under Parts A and B of the Project may, with the Bank's
prior approval, be carried out by the Local Utility
concerned or ONEP, as the case may be, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Part D:   Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.   Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards
and final contracts:
     (a)  With respect to each contract for goods,
regardless of the cost thereof, and with respect to each
contract for works estimated to cost the equivalent of
$1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix l to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Bank prior
to the making of the first payment out of the Special
Account in respect of such contract.
     (b)  With respect to each contract not governed by
the preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 3 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made
Page  26
out of the Special Account, such procedures shall be
modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to
be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3
shall be furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to
be furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 7 to
this Agreement.
     (c)  The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs
(a) and (b) shall not apply to contracts on account of
which the Bank has authorized withdrawals from the Loan
Account on the basis of statements of expenditure. Such
contracts shall be retained in accordance with Section
4.01 (c) (ii) of this Agreement.
2.   The figure of 20% is hereby specified for purposes
of paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II:   Repair Services
     Repair services for goods shall be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures satisfactory to the Bank.
Section III:  Employment of Consultants
     Consultants' services shall be procured under
contracts awarded to consultants: (A) whose
qualifications, experience and terms and conditions of
employment shall be satisfactory to the Bank; and (B) who
shall be selected in accordance with principles and
procedures satisfactory to the Bank on the basis of the
"Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World Bank
Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency"
published by the Bank in August 1981.
                      SCHEDULE 7
                    Special Account
1.   For the purposes of this Schedule:
     (a)  the term "eligible Categories" means Categories
(1); (2) and (3) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (b)  the term "eligible expenditures" means
expenditures in respect of the reasonable cost of goods
and services required for the Project and to be financed
out of the proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to
time to the eligible Categories in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
     (c)  the term "Authorized Allocations" means an
amount equivalent to $2,500,000 to be withdrawn from the
Loan Account and deposited in the Special Account
pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.   Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree, payments
out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively for
eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions
of this Schedule.
3.   After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to
it that the Special Account has been duly opened,
withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation and subsequent
withdrawals to replenish the Special Account may be made
as follows:
     (a)  On the basis of a request or requests by the
Page  27
Borrower for a deposit or deposits which add up to the
aggregate amount of the Authorized Allocation, the Bank
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
     (b)  The Borrower shall furnish to the Bank requests
for replenishment of the Special Account at such
intervals as the Bank shall specify. On the basis of such
requests, the Bank shall withdraw from the Loan Account
and deposit into the Special Account such amounts as
shall be required to replenish the Special Account with
amounts not exceeding the amount of payments made out of
the Special Account for eligible expenditures. All such
deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in
the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been
justified by the evidence supporting the request for such
deposit furnished pursuant to paragraph 4 of this
Schedule.
4.   For each payment made by the Borrower out of the
Special Account for which the Borrower requests
replenishment pursuant to paragraph 3 (b) of this
Schedule, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank, prior
to or at the time of such request, such documents and
other evidence as the Bank shall reasonably request,
showing that such payment was made for eligible
expenditures.
5.   (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3
of this Schedule, no further deposit into the Special
Account shall be made by the Bank when either of the
following situations first arises:
          (i)  the Bank shall have determined that all
               further withdrawals should be made
               directly by the Borrower from the Loan
               Account in accordance with the provisions
               of Article V of the General Conditions
               and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
               Agreement; or
          (ii) the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan
               allocated to the eligible Categories for
               the Project, minus the amount of any
               outstanding special commitment entered
               into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
               of the General Conditions with respect to
               the Project, shall be equal to the
               equivalent of twice the amount of the
               Authorized Allocation.
     (b)  Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of
the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to
the eligible Categories for the Project shall follow such
procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only
after and to the extent that the Bank shall have been
satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in
the Special Account as of the date of such notice will be
utilized in making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.   (a)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account (i) was made
for any expenditure or in any amount not eligible
pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or (ii) was not
justified by the evidence furnished pursuant to paragraph
4 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall, promptly upon
notice from the Bank, deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Bank shall so request, refund to the Bank) an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion
Page  28
thereof not so eligible or justified. No further deposit
by the Bank into the Special Account shall be made until
the Borrower has made such deposit or refund.
     (b)  If the Bank shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will
not be required to cover further payments for eligible
expenditures, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice
from the Bank, refund to the Bank such outstanding amount
for crediting to the Loan Account.
