Page  1
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2825 MOR
                   Project Agreement
    (National Water Supply Rehabilitation Project)
                        between
         INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                    AND DEVELOPMENT
                          and
            NATIONAL WATER SUPPLY AUTHORITY
                  Dated July 27, 1987
                                   LOAN NUMBER 2825 MOR
                   PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated July 27, 1987, between INTER-
NATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the
Bank) and NATIONAL WATER SUPPLY AUTHORITY (ONEP).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date
herewith between Kingdom of Morocco (the Borrower) and
the Bank, the Bank has agreed to make available to the
Borrower an amount in various currencies equivalent to
sixty million dollars ($60,000,000), on the terms and
conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, but only on
condition that ONEP agree to undertake such obligations
toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  by a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered
into between the Borrower and ONEP, part of the proceeds
of the loan provided for under the Loan Agreement will be
made available to ONEP on the terms and conditions set
forth in said Subsidiary Loan Agreement; and
     WHEREAS ONEP, in consideration of the Bank's
entering into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has
agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in this
Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
                      Definitions
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the several terms defined in the Loan Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions (as
so defined) have the respective meanings therein set
forth and the term "ONEP Action Plan" means the action
Page  2
plan for the carrying out of Part B of the Project set
forth or referred to in the Schedule to this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE II
               Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) ONEP declares its commitment to
the objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2
to the Loan Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
Part B of the Project with due diligence and efficiency
and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and public utility practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as
needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for Part B of the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of
paragraph (a) of this Section, and except as the Bank and
ONEP shall otherwise agree, ONEP shall carry out Part B
of the Project in accordance with the ONEP Action Plan.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and services
required for Part B of the Project and to be financed out
of the proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the
provisions of Schedule 6 to the Loan Agreement.
     Section 2.03. ONEP shall carry out the obligations
set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and
9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance,
use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition,
respectively) in respect of the Project Agreement and
Part B of the Project.
     Section 2.04. ONEP shall duly perform all its
obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except
as the Bank shall otherwise agree, ONEP shall not take or
concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
     Section 2.05. (a) ONEP shall, at the request of the
Bank, exchange views with the Bank with regard to
progress of Part B of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the
purposes of the Loan.
     (b)  ONEP shall promptly inform the Bank of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with
the progress of Part B of the Project, the accomplishment
of the purposes of the Loan, or the performance by ONEP
of its obligations under this Agreement and under the
Subsidiary Loan Agreement.
                      ARTICLE III
           Management and Operations of ONEP
     Section 3.01. ONEP shall: (a) carry on its
operations and conduct its affairs in accordance with
sound administrative, financial and public utility
practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in
adequate numbers; and (b) at all times take all action
required to maintain and renew all rights, powers,
privileges and franchises necessary or useful in the
conduct of its business.
     Section 3.02. Without limitation upon the provisions
Page  3
of Section 3.01 of this Agreement:
     (a)  ONEP shall: (i) maintain operational procedures
adequate to enable it to monitor and evaluate, in
accordance with indicators satisfactory to the Bank, the
carrying on of its operations; and (ii) prepare and, not
later than October 31 of each year, furnish to the Bank
a report, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank,
setting forth the conclusions and recommendations
indicated by the monitoring and evaluation activities
performed pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of this para-
graph. To ensure the proper carrying out of such
activities, ONEP shall prepare and, not later than July
1, 1988, furnish to the Bank for the Bank's approval,
standards against which to evaluate the carrying on of
ONEP's operations, and thereafter apply such standards as
shall have been approved by the Bank in carrying out such
evaluation activities.
     (b)  ONEP shall: (i) prepare and, not later than
October 31 of each of its fiscal years, furnish to the
Bank a corporate development plan for the next following
three fiscal years, agreed between the Borrower and ONEP
and satisfactory to the Bank, setting forth: (A) ONEP's
organizational, managerial, operational and financial
policies and objectives, including operational and
financial targets, for such period; (B) a program of
actions, including an investment program for the next
following five fiscal years, designed to implement such
policies and achieve such objectives and targets; and (C)
the resources to enable ONEP to carry out said actions;
and (ii) carry out such corporate development plan during
the next following fiscal year with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with sound administrative,
financial economic, engineering and public utility
practices.
     Section 3.03. ONEP shall at all times operate and
maintain its plant, machinery, equipment and other
property, and from time to time, promptly as needed, make
all necessary repairs and renewals thereof, all in
accordance with sound engineering, financial and public
utility practices.
     Section 3.04. ONEP shall take out and maintain with
responsible insurers, or make other provision
satisfactory to the Bank for, insurance against such
risks and in such amounts as shall be consistent with
appropriate practice.
     Section 3.05. ONEP shall not sell, lease, transfer
or otherwise dispose of any of its property or assets
which shall be required for the efficient operation of
its business, or which would otherwise materially and
adversely affect its ability to carry out its obligations
under this Agreement.
                      ARTICLE IV
                  Financial Covenants
     Section 4.01. (a) ONEP shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial
condition.
     (b)  ONEP shall:
          (i)  have its accounts and financial
               statements (balance sheets, statements of
               income and expenses and related
               statements) for each fiscal year audited,
Page  4
               in accordance with appropriate auditing
               principles consistently applied, by
               independent auditors acceptable to the
               Bank;
          (ii) furnish to the Bank as soon as available,
               but in any case not later than six months
               after the end of each such year, (A)
               certified copies of its financial
               statements for such year as so audited
               and (B) the report of such audit by said
               auditors of such scope and in such detail
               as the Bank shall have reasonably
               requested; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank such other
               information concerning said accounts
               and financial statements as well as
               the audit thereof and said records,
               as the Bank shall from time to time
               reasonably request.
     Section 4.02. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, ONEP shall produce funds from internal sources
equivalent to: not less than 15%, for each of its fiscal
years 1987, 1988, 1989 and 1990; not less than 20%, for
its fiscal year 1991; and not less than 30%, for its
fiscal year 1992 and each of its fiscal years thereafter;
of the annual average of ONEP's capital expenditures
incurred, or expected to be incurred, for that year, the
previous fiscal year and the next following fiscal year.
     (b)  Before October 31 in each of its fiscal years,
ONEP shall, on the basis of forecasts prepared by ONEP
and satisfactory to the Bank, review whether it would
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this
Section in respect of such year and the next following
fiscal year and shall furnish to the Bank a copy of such
review upon its completion.
     (c)  If any such review shows that ONEP would not
meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this
Section for ONEP's fiscal years covered by the such
review, ONEP shall promptly take all necessary measures
(including, without limitation, adjustments of the
structure or levels of its rates) in order to meet such
requirements.
     (d)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "funds from internal sources"
               means the difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations, including net
                    non-operating income and any
                    reduction in working capital other
                    than cash but excluding consumers'
                    deposits and consumers' and
                    developers' contributions in aid of
                    construction; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations, including
                    administration, adequate maintenance
                    and taxes and payments in lieu of
                    taxes (excluding provision for
                    depreciation and other non-cash
                    operating charges), debt service
                    requirements, all cash dividends and
                    other cash distributions of surplus,
                    increase in working capital other
Page  5
                    than cash and other cash outflows
                    other than capital expenditures.
          (ii) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
         (iii) The term "working capital other than
               cash" means the difference between
               current assets excluding cash and
               current liabilities at the end of
               each fiscal year.
          (iv) The term "current assets excluding cash"
               means all assets other than cash which
               could in the ordinary course of business
               be converted into cash within twelve
               months, including accounts receivable,
               marketable securities, inventories and
               pre-paid expenses properly chargeable to
               operating expenses within the next fiscal
               year.
          (v)  The term "current liabilities" means all
               liabilities which will become due and
               payable or could under circumstances then
               existing be called for payment within
               twelve months, including accounts
               payable, customer advances, debt service
               requirements, taxes and payments in lieu
               of taxes, and dividends.
          (vi) The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
         (vii) The term "capital expenditures"
               means all expenditures incurred on
               account of fixed assets, including
               interest charged to construction,
               related to water supply operations,
               but excluding capital expenditures
               financed by consumers' deposits or
               consumers' and developers'
               contributions in aid of
               construction.
        (viii) Whenever it shall be necessary to
               value, in terms of Dirhams, debt
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis
               of the prevailing lawful rate of
               exchange at which such other
               currency is, at the time of such
               valuation, obtainable for the
               purposes of servicing such debt, or,
               in the absence of such rate, on the
               basis of a rate of exchange
               acceptable to the Bank.
     Section 4.03. (a) Except as the Bank shall otherwise
agree, ONEP shall not incur any debt, unless a reasonable
forecast of the revenues and expenditures of ONEP shows
Page  6
that the estimated net revenues of ONEP for each fiscal
year during the term of the debt to be incurred shall be
at least 1.3 times the estimated debt service
requirements of ONEP in such year on all debt of ONEP,
including the debt to be incurred.
     (b)  For the purposes of this Section:
          (i)  The term "debt" means any indebtedness of
               ONEP maturing by its terms more than one
               year after the date on which it is
               originally incurred.
          (ii) Debt shall be deemed to be incurred: (A)
               under a loan contract or agreement or
               other instrument providing for such debt
               or for the modification of its terms of
               payment on the date of such contract,
               agreement or instrument; and (B) under a
               guarantee agreement, on the date the
               agreement providing for such guarantee
               has been entered into.
         (iii) the term "net revenues" means the
               difference between:
               (A)  the sum of revenues from all sources
                    related to operations and net
                    non-operating income; and
               (B)  the sum of all expenses related to
                    operations including administration,
                    adequate maintenance, taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, but
                    excluding provision for
                    depreciation, other non-cash
                    operating charges and interest and
                    other charges on debt.
          (iv) The term "net non-operating income" means
               the difference between:
               (A)  revenues from all sources other than
                    those related to operations; and
               (B)  expenses, including taxes and
                    payments in lieu of taxes, incurred
                    in the generation of revenues in (A)
                    above.
          (v)  The term "debt service requirements"
               means the aggregate amount of repayments
               (including sinking fund payments, if any)
               of, and interest and other charges on,
               debt.
          (vi) The term "reasonable forecast" means a
               forecast prepared by the Borrower not
               earlier than twelve months prior to the
               incurrence of the debt in question, which
               both the Bank and the Borrower accept as
               reasonable and as to which the Bank has
               notified the Borrower of its
               acceptability, provided that no event has
               occurred since such notification which
               has, or may reasonably be expected in the
               future to have, a material adverse effect
               on the financial condition or future
               operating results of the Borrower.
         (vii) Whenever it shall be necessary to
               value, in terms of Dirhams, debt
Page  7
               payable in another currency, such
               valuation shall be made on the basis
               of the prevailing lawful rate of
               exchange at which such other
               currency is, at the time of such
               valuation, obtainable for the
               proposes of servicing such debt, or,
               in the absence of such rate, on the
               basis of a rate of exchange
               acceptable to the Bank.
     Section 4.04. (a) Except as the Bank may otherwise
agree, ONEP shall:
          (i)  promptly bill the Borrower's public
               agencies so as to enable said public
               agencies to fulfill the obligations set
               forth in Section 4.03 (a) (ii) of the
               Loan Agreement in accordance with the
               terms of said Sections;
          (ii) take all measures necessary to ensure
               that:
               (A)  the balance of the bills due and
                    payable by it as at December 31,
                    1986 to the Borrower's public
                    agencies shall be paid in accordance
                    with a schedule satisfactory to the
                    Bank; and
               (B)  all bills, other than those referred
                    to in (A) above, payable to the
                    Borrower's public agencies, shall be
                    paid promptly when due; and
         (iii) furnish to the Bank quarterly
               reports, in form and substance
               satisfactory to the Bank, on the
               progress in carrying out the
               obligations set forth in this
               paragraph (a).
     (b)  For purposes of this Section:
          (i)  the term "Borrower's public agencies"
               means the political or administrative
               subdivisions of the Borrower, or entities
               owned or controlled by, or operating for
               the account or benefit of, the Borrower
               or any of its political or administrative
               subdivisions; and
          (ii) the term "bills" means, in respect of
               each of the public agencies, the amounts
               periodically billed by said public agency
               to ONEP for the provision of goods or
               services by said public agency to ONEP.
     Section 4.05. The provisions of Sections 4.03 and
4.05 of the Project Agreement between the Bank and ONEP
dated September 28, 1981 (Third Water Supply Project) are
hereby amended to read as set forth in Sections 4.02 and
4.03, respectively, of this Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
             Effective Date; Termination;
              Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into force
Page  8
and effect on the date upon which the Loan Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 5.02. This Agreement and all obligations of
the Bank and of ONEP thereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the Loan Agreement shall terminate in
accordance with its terms, and the Bank shall promptly
notify ONEP thereof.
     Section 5.03. All the provisions of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding
any cancellation or suspension under the General
Conditions.
                      ARTICLE VI
               Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 6.01. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radiogram to the party to which it is required
or permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
such notice or making such request. The addresses so
specified are:
     For the Bank:
          International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INTBAFRAD              440098 (ITT),
               Washington, D.C.       248423 (RCA) or
                                       64145 (WUI)
     For ONEP:
          Office National de l'Eau Potable
          6 bis rue Patrice Lumumba
          Rabat
          Kingdom of Morocco
          Cable address:           Telex:
               ONEP-RABAT-CHELLAH     31982 M
               Rabat, Morocco
     Section 6.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be
executed, under this Agreement on behalf of ONEP may be
taken or executed by the chief executive officer of ONEP
or such other person or persons as the chief executive
officer of ONEP shall designate in writing, and the chief
executive officer of ONEP shall furnish to the Bank
sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 6.03. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
and all collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
Page  9
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names in the District of Columbia, United States of
America, as of the day and year first above written.
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                  RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
               By /s/ Kemal Dervis
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                   Europe, Middle East and North Africa
               NATIONAL WATER SUPPLY AUTHORITY
               /s/ Mohamed Bargach
                              Authorized Representative
                       SCHEDULE
                   ONEP Action Plan
     In order to ensure the proper carrying out of Part
B of the Project, ONEP shall, for purposes of Section
2.01 (b) of this Agreement, carry out, inter alia, the
following actions.
A.   (1)  In order to assist ONEP in developing and
          introducing the cost accounting and computer
          systems referred to in Part B (2) (b) of the
          Project, ONEP shall continue to employ
          consultants whose qualifications, experience
          and terms of reference shall be satisfactory
          to the Bank.
     (2)  The Borrower shall, with the assistance of
          such consultants, take all measures necessary
          to introduce and apply, not later than January
          1, 1988 such cost accountings and computer
          systems, satisfactory to the Bank.
B.   Under Part B (2) (b) of the Project, ONEP shall
introduce and apply not later than January 1, 1988 a
general accounting system satisfactory to the Bank.
