Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2611 IN
                   Development Credit Agreement
               (Cataract Blindness Control Project)
                              between
                               INDIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated May 19, 1994
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2611 IN
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 19, 1994, between INDIA, acting by its
President, (the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
(the Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Project will be carried out by the States of Andhra
Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu
and Uttar Pradesh (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Project
States"), with the assistance of the Borrower, and as part of such
assistance, the Borrower will make available to the Project States
the proceeds of the Credit as provided in this Agreement; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Project
Agreement of even date between the Association and the Project
States;
Page  2
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1,
1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "Andhra Pradesh" means the Borrower's state of Andhra
Pradesh, or any successor thereto;
      (b)   "CHC" means community health center;
      (c)   "cataract" means partial or complete opacification in
the crystalline lens of one or both eyes;
      (d)   "DBCS" means District Blindness Control Society, a
society formed under the Borrower's Societies Registration Act,
1860, pursuant to paragraph 2(a) of Schedule 2 to the Project
Agreement;
      (e)   "district" means a district of a Project State;
      (f)   "Extra Capsular Cataract Extraction" or "ECCE" means
cataract treatment by extracting lens material in small pieces while
keeping the posterior lens capsule in place;
      (g)   "FY" or "financial year" means the financial year of the
Borrower, which begins on April 1 each year and ends on March 31 of
the following year;
      (h)   "IOL" means intraocular lens, a clear plastic lens
implanted in the eye during ECCE surgery, which serves as a
substitute for the natural lens of the eye;
      (i)   "incidence" means number of new cases of a disease or
condition over a period of time as a proportion of the population at
risk at midpoint;
      (j)   "Intra Capsular Cataract Extraction" or "ICCE" means
cataract treatment by removing the entire lens, including its
surrounding capsule;
      (k)   "Madhya Pradesh" means the Borrower's state of Madhya
Pradesh, or any successor thereto;
      (l)   "Maharashtra" means the Borrower's state of Maharashtra,
or any successor thereto;
      (m)   "NGO" means non-governmental organization;
      (n)   "NPCB" means the Borrower's National Program for the
Control of Blindness;
      (o)   "Orissa" means the Borrower's state of Orissa, or any
successor thereto;
      (p)   "PHC" means Primary Health Center;
      (q)   "prevalence" means the number of cases of a disease or
condition at a given point in time as a proportion of the total
population;
Page  3
      (r)   "Project Agreement" means the agreement between the
Association and the Project States as the same may be amended from
time to time, and such term includes all schedules and agreements
supplemental to the Project Agreement;
      (s)   "Project State" means Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh,
Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu or Uttar Pradesh as the
context shall require; and "Project States" means, collectively, the
States of Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa,
Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh;
      (t)   "Rajasthan" means the Borrower's state of Rajasthan, or
any successor thereto;
      (u)   "remote area" means an area identified as such by a
Project State based, inter alia, on appropriate inaccessibility
norms;
      (v)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (w)   "tribal area" means any area notified as such by a
Project State;
      (x)   "Tamil Nadu" means the Borrower's state of Tamil Nadu,
or any successor thereto; and
      (y)   "Uttar Pradesh" means the Borrower's state of Uttar
Pradesh, or any successor thereto.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in this
Agreement,  an amount in  various currencies equivalent to eighty-
five million three hundred thousand Special Drawing Rights (SDR
85,300,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project and to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special deposit account in the
Reserve Bank of India on terms and conditions satisfactory to the
Association. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to
this Agreement.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 2001 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next date in that year specified in
Page  4
Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each February 15 and August 15
commencing August 15, 2004 and ending February 15, 2029. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on February 15,
2014 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years, and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, (i) shall carry out the Project with
due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with appropriate
administrative, financial, engineering and medical practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project; and (ii) without any limitation or restriction upon any of
its other obligations under this Agreement, shall cause the Project
States and the DBCSs to perform in accordance with the provisions of
the Project Agreement all the respective obligations of the Project
Page  5
States and the DBCSs therein set forth, shall take and cause to be
taken all action, including the provision of funds, facilities,
services and other resources, necessary or appropriate to enable the
Project States and DBCSs to perform such obligations, and shall not
take or permit to be taken any action which would prevent or
interfere with such performance.
      (b)   The Borrower shall make the proceeds of the Credit
available to each Project State for such part of the Project as is
carried out respectively by that Project State, in accordance with
the Borrower's standard arrangements for developmental assistance to
the States of India.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit shall
be governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Project
Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower and the Association hereby agree
that the obligations set forth in Section 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06,
9.07 and 9.08 of the General Conditions (relating to insurance, use
of goods and services, plans and schedules, records and reports,
maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of the
Project shall be carried out respectively by the Project States
pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Project Agreement.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Financial and Other Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain records and
accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting
practices the accounts and records of its departments and agencies
responsible for the carrying out of the Project or any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have such records and accounts for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied, by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the
                  Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year, the report of such
                  audit by said auditors of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      Section 4.02. (a) For all expenditures with respect to which
withdrawals from the Credit Account were made on the basis of
statements of expenditures, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained in accordance
                  with sound accounting practices, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
           (ii)   ensure that all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
Page  6
                  evidencing such expenditures are retained until
                  at least one year after the Association has
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Credit Account
                  was made; and
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) (i) of this Section and those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing prin-
                  ciples consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than nine months after
                  the end of each such year the report of such
                  audit by said auditors, of such scope and in such
                  detail as the Association shall have reasonably
                  requested, including a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of expendi-
                  ture submitted during such fiscal year, together
                  with the procedures and internal controls
                  involved in their preparation, can be relied upon
                  to support the related withdrawals; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records and accounts and the
                  audit thereof as the Association shall from time
                  to time reasonably request.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   Any Project State shall have failed to perform any of
its respective obligations under the Project Agreement.
      (b)   As a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, an extraordinary situation shall have arisen
which shall make it improbable that any Project State will perform
its respective obligations under the Project Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely,
that the event specified in paragraph (a) of Section 5.01 of this
Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period of sixty days
after notice thereof shall have been given by the Association to the
Borrower and the Project State.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely, that the Project Agreement has
been duly authorized or ratified by each Project State and is
legally binding upon it in accordance with its terms.
      Section 6.02. The date ninety (90) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
Page  7
      Section 6.03. The provisions of Section 5.02 of this Agreement
shall cease and determine on the date on which this Agreement shall
terminate or on the date twenty years after the date of this
Agreement, whichever shall be the earlier.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Secretary, Additional Secretary, Director,
Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary of the Department of Economic
Affairs in the Ministry of Finance of the Borrower is designated as
representative of the Borrower for the purposes of Section 11.03 of
the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            The Secretary to the Government of India
            Ministry of Finance
            Department of Economic Affairs
            New Delhi, India
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  ECOFAIRS                  953-3166175
                  New Delhi
      For the Association:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        INDIA
                        By /s/ N. Valluri
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
Page  8
                        By /s/ D. Joseph Wood
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                        South Asia
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1)  Civil works               8,000,000        80%
(2)  Equipment,               33,300,000        100% of foreign
     materials,                                 expenditures,
     supplies and                               100% of local
     vehicles                                   expenditures,
                                                (ex-factory
                                                cost) and 80%
                                                of local
                                                expenditures
                                                for other
                                                items procured
                                                locally
(3)  Publicity services,      20,900,000        75%
     services of NGOs;
     grants to NGOs under
     Part A (7); and
     incremental operating
     and maintenance costs
(4)  Consultants'              3,400,000        80%
     services,
     training
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(5)  Salaries of              14,500,000        90% of expen-
     incremental                                ditures during
     staff                                      the first three
                                                financial
                                                years commencing
                                                Credit effec-
                                                tiveness; 75% of
                                                such expendi-
                                                tures during
                                                the fourth and
                                                fifth financial
                                                years and 60%
                                                of such expen-
                                                ditures there-
                                                after
(6)  Unallocated               5,200,000
                              __________
     TOTAL                    85,300,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
Page  9
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower;
      (c)   the term "incremental salaries" means expenditures in
respect of salaries paid to staff appointed to posts established
under the Project on or after April 1, 1994; and
      (d)   the term "incremental operating and maintenance costs"
means operating and maintenance costs, including in respect of
vehicles, incurred under the Project on or after April 1, 1994.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made (a) for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 3,600,000 may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after March 1, 1993; and (b) in
respect of any expenditure incurred in any district unless the
provisions of paragraph 3 (a) of Schedule 2 to the Project Agreement
has been complied with, in respect of that district.
4.    The Association may require withdrawals from the Credit
Account to be made on the basis of statements of expenditure for
expenditures for goods, services or works under contracts not
exceeding $100,000 equivalent under such terms and conditions as the
Association shall specify by notice to the Borrower.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
      The main objectives of the Project are to upgrade the quality
of cataract surgery, expand the coverage of NPCB to underprivileged
areas in the Project States with special attention to effective
delivery of services to women as well as to tribal and remote areas,
and to reduce prevalence of cataract blindness by over 50% and
incidence of bilateral blindness by over 30%, against rates reported
by Project States in the NPCB Report of 1993.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications as may be agreed upon between the Borrower and the
Association from time to time:
Part A:     Enhancing Quality of Care and Expanding Service Delivery
      Improvement of the physical, technical and managerial
capabilities of different service delivery facilities including
government facilities, non-governmental organizations and private
practitioners, to provide high quality cataract treatment in situ or
through camps, using visual improvement and patient satisfaction as
indicators of success, inter alia by:
      (1)   Team Approach to Surgery: Implementation of a team
approach to service delivery requiring that cataract surgeries be
undertaken by surgical teams, as well as medical staff, equipment
and consumables necessary to ensure the highest quality outcomes;
      (2)   Technical Standards: Adoption and subsequent
implementation of appropriate technical standards to ensure the
highest quality cataract surgery outcomes, including (a) guidelines
requiring full disclosure to patients regarding the risks involved
in cataract surgery adequate to obtain the informed consent of
patients; (b) diagnostic guidelines and screening techniques; (c)
minimum acceptable surgical standards, including number of stitches
required; (d) the requirement that unilateral cases may be treated
only if ECCE with IOL can be done; (e) limiting ECCE/IOL surgeries
to health care facilities that are not mobile, or that have been
previously approved by the relevant DBCS; and (f) establishing
operational guidelines for conducting camps for providing cataract
blindness control services;
Page  10
      (3)   Norms for Service Delivery: Adoption and subsequent
implementation of norms for delivery of cataract blindness control
services and the provision of training adequate to ensure optimal
utilization of new and existing facilities for cataract surgery,
increased productivity of ophthalmic personnel, and easier access to
service for patients;
      (4)   Strengthening Service Capacity and Improving Efficiency:
Strengthening selected cataract surgery facilities (including
selected PHCs and CHCs with operating theaters, district mobile
units, district hospitals, selected medical colleges and selected
regional institutes of ophthalmology), by providing to each such
facility necessary staff and a complete package of inputs required
for high quality surgery including, inter alia, an operating
theater, a ward with an average of 15 beds and related inputs, a
"medical team", specified medical equipment and consumables and a
mobile unit as well as, for PHCs, a dark room and refraction
equipment;
      (5)   ECCE/IOL: Provision of necessary additional inputs to
perform ECCE/IOL to about 30 medical colleges and about 220 district
hospitals which adopt and implement the technical standards and
guidelines established under Parts A (2) and A (3) of the Project;
      (6)   Camps: Rationalization of procedures for operating camps
providing cataract blindness control services, so as to ensure,
inter alia, that such camps function on a fixed schedule and in
accordance with applicable NPCB norms;
      (7)   Non-Governmental Organizations: Creating an enabling
environment for the participation of non-governmental organizations
in the delivery of cataract blindness control services including by
(a) the provision of grants to selected non-governmental
organizations for expansion of such services; (b) the provision of
financial assistance to private ophthalmologists as seed money to
establish practice in under-served towns with populations of less
than 50,000 people; (c) the provision of grants to selected non-
governmental ophthalmic hospitals in under-served towns with
populations less than 50,000 people on a pilot basis; (d) service
contracts with private physicians for provision of such services in
under-served urban slums as well as tribal and other remote areas;
and (e) payments, as well as provision in selected cases of manpower
and material commensurate with the number of surgeries to be
performed, to NGOs for service delivery through camps;
      (8)   Tribal and Remote Populations: Expansion of the
provision of cataract blindness control services to tribal
populations as well as populations located in remote areas, inter
alia, by strengthening facilities in peripheral locations,
intensifying outreach activities, and providing transportation and
financial support to potential beneficiaries; and
      (9)   Beneficiary Assessments: Carrying out assessments on an
annual basis to monitor patient satisfaction with staff trained in
the technique of rapid skills assessment.
Part B:     Developing Human Resources for Eye Care
      (1)   Training: Training of ophthalmologists and selected
health care professionals as trainers, as well as selected
practicing ophthalmologists from the voluntary and private sectors,
to develop or upgrade their surgical skills relevant to ECCE and
ICCE and familiarize them with new technical standards and norms
implemented under the Project;
      (2)   Training of Allied Personnel: (i) Training of allied
personnel relevant to cataract surgery including operating theater
personnel in managing their tasks as a team; (ii) training of
ophthalmic assistants and health assistants; and
      (3)   Management Training: Provision of management training
Page  11
for managers of District Blindness Control Societies, and other
officials carrying out management functions under the Project.
Part C:     Promoting Outreach Activities and Public Awareness:
      Developing public awareness about the curability of cataract
blindness and availability of services, facilitating access to
surgery and developing trust in the service delivery system,
focussing in particular on women, tribal groups and remote
populations, inter alia by:
      (1)   Outreach: (a) Organizing outreach and screening camps
with adequate community participation, by non-governmental
organizations as well as by governments; (b) having ophthalmic and
health assistants undertake screening of cataract blindness as part
of their general duties; (c) involving "satisfied customers" and
"temporary outreach workers" in outreach campaigns; (d) promoting
NPCB in schools by creating awareness of the problem of cataract
blindness among teachers and students; and (e) facilitating access
to and use of cataract blindness control services by providing
transportation costs and or reimbursement of expenses incurred by
patients in traveling from remote areas; and
      (2)   Information, Education and Communication (IEC): (a)
Developing a recognizable identity for NPCB through selective media
exposure on television, radio and newspapers, workshops and
conferences and through logos and messages that convey the mission
of NPCB; (b) developing community-based messages through systematic
gathering of "content material" meaningful to the target audience;
(c) designing media and communications packages and strategies to
address deterrents to surgery in differing social contexts; and (d)
the development of culturally sensitive messages for women, tribals
and other remote communities.
Part D:     Building Institutional Capacity
      Strengthening institutional capacity for eye care at the
national, state and district levels, developing collaborative
mechanisms for cooperation between government and voluntary and
private sectors at all three levels; introducing monitoring and
feedback mechanisms to facilitate Project implementation and
maintain quality control; and building institutional capacity for
human resource development, inter alia, by:
      (1)   strengthening the national program management unit in
            the Borrower's Ministry of Health;
      (2)   establishing and strengthening state ophthalmic cells in
            each Project State;
      (3)   establishing DBCSs in each district where the Project is
            to be carried out in each Project State with a view to
            decentralize authority and accountability for Project
            implementation at the district level;
      (4)   implementation of an appropriate system for rewarding
            superior performance at all staff levels under the
            Project;
      (5)   establishment of a consortium of non-governmental
            organizations to provide comments, and advise on,
            Project implementation as well as inclusion of
            representatives of non-governmental organizations in
            Project implementation units as appropriate;
      (6)   building capacity for monitoring quality of Project
            implementation including establishing and operating a
            management information system (MIS) linked to the
            Borrower's national information network (NICNET) to
            capture essential information on Project implementation
            and monitoring;
Page  12
      (7)   provision of technical assistance to selected training
            institutes, non-governmental organizations, medical
            colleges and training centers to strengthen their
            capacity to provide training for ECCE with IOL and
            comprehensive eye care, for strengthening managerial
            capacity at all levels; and for developing local
            capacity to carry out beneficiary assessments; and
      (8)   carrying out operations research to provide feedback on
            Project implementation in selected areas.
                            *    *    *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 2000.
                            SCHEDULE 3
                      Implementation Program
1.    NPCB: The Borrower shall carry out, and cause the States to
carry out, the NPCB.
2.    Technical Standards: The Borrower shall ensure, or cause to be
ensured, that the Project is implemented in accordance with
technical standards and procedures acceptable to the Association,
adequate to ensure the delivery of high quality cataract blindness
control services.
3.    Project Management: (a) The Borrower shall maintain (i) the
National Blindness Control Board; (ii) a Central Project management
unit; (iii) a Project Coordination Committee; and (iv) a Technical
Advisory Committee to advise on Project management, each with staff
and terms of reference satisfactory to the Association.
      (b)   The Borrower shall appoint all designated staff of the
Central Project management unit by September 30, 1994.
4.    Training: The Borrower shall: (a) by July 31, 1994 develop a
standard curriculum for a program to train trainers; (b) by August
31, 1994 develop a standard curriculum for the program to train
remaining categories of staff; (c) by August 31, 1994 enter into
contracts with trainers selected under the Project and approve lists
of trainees for the program to train trainers; and (d) thereafter
implement the training programs referred to in this paragraph.
5.    Reviews: Without limiting the generality of any other
provision of this Agreement, and on the basis of procedures and
criteria satisfactory to the Association, the Borrower shall, with
necessary participation of Project States: (a) review with the
Association by April 30 each year the progress of Project
implementation over the previous 12 months and prepare an annual
work plan for the following year based on the results of such
review; (b) review with the Association every two years technical
and operational aspects of Project implementation including cost
recovery mechanisms and expenditure priorities in ophthalmology; and
(c) thereafter take into account the findings of such review during
further implementation of the Project.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1),
(2), (3), (4) and (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
Page  13
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $5,000,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited into the Special Account pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit in the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
           (ii)   Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account and deposit into
                  the Special Account such amount as the Borrower
                  shall have requested and as shall have been shown
                  by said documents and other evidence to have been
                  paid out of the Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    (a)   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
            (i)   if, at any time, the Association shall have
                  determined that all further withdrawals should be
                  made by the Borrower directly from the Credit
                  Account in accordance with the provisions of
                  Article V of the General Conditions and paragraph
                  (a) of Section 2.02 of this Agreement; or
           (ii)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
                  allocated to the eligible Categories less the
                  amount of any outstanding special commitment
                  entered into by the Association pursuant to
                  Section 5.02 of the respective General Conditions
                  with respect to the Project, shall equal the
                  equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized
                  Allocation.
Page  14
      (b)   Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the
remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after and to the extent that the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association) an amount
equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof not so
eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise agree,
no further deposit by the Association into the Special Account shall
be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence or made such
deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account, for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
