Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3238 UNI
                    OYO State Project Agreement
                     (Oyo State Urban Project)
                              between
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                       OYO STATE OF NIGERIA
                      Dated November 2, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3238 UNI
                    OYO STATE PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 2, 1990, between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and OYO STATE OF
NIGERIA (Oyo state).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to fifty million dollars
($50,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that Oyo State agrees to undertake
such obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   the Borrower will relend to Oyo State proceeds of the
Loan allocated to Oyo State in Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement on
the terms and conditions to be set forth in an agreement (the Oyo
State Subsidiary Loan Agreement) to be entered into between the
Borrower and Oyo State;
      (C)   the Borrower will relend to financial intermediaries
selected to participate in the Project (the PFIs) proceeds of the
Loan allocated to the PFls in Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement on
the terms and conditions set forth in agreements (the PFI Subsidiary
Loan Agreements) to be entered into between the Borrower and the
Page  2
PFIs;
      (D)   under the provisions of the PFI Subsidiary Loan
Agreements, the PFIs will relend to the Oyo State proceeds of the
Loan made available to them under the PFI Subsidiary Loan
Agreements; and
      WHEREAS Oyo State, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed to undertake
the obligations set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) Oyo State declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, shall carry out, or cause to be carried
out, with the assistance of the Ibadan Municipal Government and
other local governments in Oyo State, Parts A, B and C of the
Project with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity with
appropriate administrative, financial, engineering and
infrastructure development policies and practices, and shall
provide, or cause to be provided promptly as needed, the funds,
facilities, services and other resources required for the said Parts
of the Project.
      (b)   Without any limitation or restriction upon Oyo State's
obligations under paragraph (a) of this Section, Oyo State shall:
(i) provide in its annual budget amounts sufficient to cover Oyo
State's counterpart contributions to Project costs; (ii) open and
maintain an account at a commercial or merchant bank (the Oyo State
Project Account) to be used exclusively for expenditures under Parts
A, B and C of the Project; and (iii) pay into the Oyo State Project
Account each quarter (commencing not later than the first month of
the quarter immediately following the quarter in which the Loan
Agreement becomes effective) Oyo State's counterpart contributions
to the Project. The Borrower, the Bank and Oyo State presently
estimate Oyo State's counterpart contributions to Project costs to
amount in 1989 prices to $6,800,000 equivalent over the Project
period.
      (c)   Oyo State shall, for the purposes of the Project, open
and maintain (or cause to be opened and maintained) in a commercial
or merchant bank in dollars a special account (the Oyo State Special
Account) on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank. Deposits
into, and payments out of, the Oyo State Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (d)   Oyo State shall continue to maintain in a form and with
functions satisfactory to the Bank, the Project Coordinating Unit of
its Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning and the
Interministerial Committee established by Oyo State for purposes of
the Project.
      Section 2.02. Except as the Bank shall otherwise agree i,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for Parts A, B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan shall be governed by the provisions Schedule 1
to this Agreement.
Page  3
      Section 2.03. Oyo State shall carry out, or cause to be
carried out, the obligations set forth in Sections 9.04, 9.05,
9.06, 9.07, 9.08 and 9.09 of the General Conditions (relating to
insurance, use of goods and services, plans and schedules, records
and reports, maintenance and land acquisition, respectively) in
respect of this Agreement.
      Section 2.04. Oyo State shall duly perform all its obligations
under the Oyo State Subsidiary Loan Agreement. Except as the
Borrower and the Bank shall otherwise agree, Oyo State shall not
take or concur in any action which would have the effect of
amending, abrogating, assigning or waiving the Oyo State Subsidiary
Loan Agreement or any provision thereof.
      Section 2.05. (a) Oyo State shall, at the request of the
Borrower or the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower and the Bank
with regard to the progress of the Project, the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and under the Oyo State Subsidiary
Loan Agreement, and other matters relating to the purposes of the
Loan.
      (b)   Oyo State shall promptly inform the Borrower and the
Bank of any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere
with the progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes
of the Loan, or the performance by Oyo State of its obligations
under this Agreement and under the Oyo State Subsidiary Loan
Agreement.
        Section 2.06. Oyo State shall carry out the actions described
in Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) Oyo State shall maintain or cause to
maintained separate records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices the operations, resources
and expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of Oyo State responsible for Carrying out the Project.
      (b)   Oyo State shall:
            (i)   have the accounts referred to in paragraph (a) of
                  this Section (including the Oyo State Special
                  Account) for each fiscal year audited, in
                  accordance with appropriate auditing principles
                  consistently applied, by independent auditors
                  acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies relating
                  to the Project of its financial statements for
                  such year as so audited, and (B) the report of
                  such audit by said auditors of such scope and in
                  such detail as the Bank shall have reasonably
                  requested: and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Loan Account were made on behalf of Oyo State on the basis
of statements of expenditure, Oyo State shall:
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank as
Page  4
                  received the audit report for the fiscal year in
                  which the last withdrawal from the Loan Account
                  was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. his Agreement and all obligations of the lank
and of Oyo State thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the
Loan Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms, and the
Bank shall promptly notify Oyo State thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice
or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram
to the party to which it is required or permitted to be given or made
at such party's address hereinafter specified or at such other address
as such party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI) or
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      For Oyo State:
            The Commissioner for Finance
             and Economic Planning
            PMB 5341
            Ibadan, Oyo State
            Nigeria
Page  5
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of Oyo State, or by Oyo State on behalf of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, may be taken or executed by the
Commissioner for Finance and Planning or such other person or
persons as Oyo State shall designate in writing, and Oyo State shall
furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the authority and the
authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                   RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Edwin Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  OYO STATE OF NIGERIA
                  By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                                         Authorized Representative
                            SCHEDULE 1
                Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I. Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part D hereof, goods and works Shill be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures
consistent with those set forth in Sections I and II of the
"Guidelines for Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits"
published by the Bank in May 1985 (the Guidelines).
2.    Bidders for works estimated to cost $2,000,000 equivalent or
more shall be prequalified as described in paragraph 2.10 of the
Guidelines.
3.    To the extent practicable contracts for goods shall be grouped
in bid packages of $1,000,000 or more equivalent.
Part B:     Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Nigeria may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Preference for Domestic Contractors
      In the procurement of works in accordance with the procedures
Page  6
described in Part A.1 hereof, the Borrower may grant a margin of
preference to domestic contractors in accordance with, and subject
to, the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part D:     Other Procurement Procedures
1.    Works estimated to cost less than $1,000,000 equivalent (up to
an aggregate amount not to exceed $20,000,000 equivalent) may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive bidding
advertised locally, in accordance with procedures satisfactory to
the Bank.
2.    Goods estimated to cost less than $300,000 equivalent per
contract (up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,000,000
equivalent) and all specialized equipment (e.g., computers) may be
procured under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations solicited from a list of at least three suppliers
eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Bank.
Part E:     Review by the Bank of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of prequalification:
      With respect to the prequalification of bidders as provided in
Part A.2 hereof, the procedures set forth in paragraph 1 of Appendix
1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
2.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract estimated to cost the
equivalent of $1,000,000 or more, the procedures set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Where payments for such contract are to be made out of the Oyo State
Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure that
the two conformed copies of the contract required to be furnished to
the Bank pursuant to paragraph 2 (d) of said Appendix shall be
furnished to the Bank prior to the making of the first payment out
of the Oyo State Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding subparagraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and
4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for
such contract are to be made out of the Oyo State Special Account,
said procedures shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed
copies of the contract together with the other information required
to be furnished to the Bank pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Bank as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
      (c)   Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding
subparagraphs (a) and (b) the first civil works bidding documents
prepared by Oyo State under local competitive bidding procedures
shall be furnished to the Bank for prior review with a view to
standardization of such bidding documents.
3.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II: Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist Oyo State in carrying out the Project, Oyo
State shall employ consultants whose qualifications, experience and
terms and conditions of employment shall be satisfactory to the
Borrower and the Bank. Such consultants shall be selected in
accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the Bank
on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of Consultants by World
Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as Executing Agency" published
by the Bank in August 1981.
Page  7
                            SCHEDULE 2
                     Oyo State Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)(a)
and (b), (2)(a) and (b), (3)(a) and (b) set forth in the table in
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Loan Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
Parts A, B and C of the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible
Categories in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to
Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
withdrawn from the Loan Account and deposited into the Oyo State
Special Accounts pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule
equivalent to (i) $1,500,000 for Oyo State; and (ii) $500,000 for
the PFIs.
2.    Payments out of the Oyo State Special Account shall be made
exclusively for eligible expenditures in accordance with the
provisions of this Schedule.
3.    After the Bank has received evidence satisfactory to it that
the Oyo State Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of
the Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish
the Oyo State Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Bank a request or requests for a
deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of the
Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests, the
Bank shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
Account and deposit into the Oyo State Special Account such amount
or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Oyo State Special
                  Account, the Borrower shall furnish to the Bank
                  requests for deposits into the Oyo State Special
                  Account at such intervals as the Bank shall
                  specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Bank the documents
                  and other evidence required pursuant to paragraph
                  4 of this Schedule for the payment or payments in
                  respect of which replenishment is requested. On
                  the basis of each such request, the Bank shall,
                  on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Loan
                  Account and deposit into the Oyo State Special
                  Account such amount as the Borrower shall have
                  requested and as shall have been shown by said
                  documents and other evidence to have been made
                  out of the Oyo State Special Account for eligible
                  expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Bank from the Loan
Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Oyo State
Special Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Bank shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Bank such documents and other
evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for eligible
expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Page  8
Schedule, the Bank shall not be required to make further deposits
into the Oyo State Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Bank shall have determined that all
further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly from the
Loan Account in accordance with the provisions of Article V of the
General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of this
Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated
to the eligible Categories less the amount of any outstanding
special commitment entered into by the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02
of the General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal
the equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Loan Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Loan allocated to the eligible Categories
shall follow such procedures as the Bank shall specify by notice to
the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and
to the extent that the Bank shall have been satisfied that all such
amounts remaining on deposit in the Oyo State Special Account as of
the date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for
eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
payment out of the Oyo State Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Bank, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank:
(A) provide such additional evidence as the Bank may request; or (B)
deposit into the Oyo State Special Account (or, if the Bank shall so
request, refund to the Bank) an amount equal to the amount of such
payment or the portion thereof not so eligible or justified. Unless
the Bank shall otherwise agree, no further deposit by the Bank into
the Oyo State Special Account shall be made until the Borrower has
provided such evidence or made such deposit or refund, as the case
may be.
      (b)   If the Bank shall have determined at any time that any
amount outstanding in the Oyo State Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Bank, refund to the
Bank such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Bank, refund to the
Bank all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the Oyo State
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Bank made pursuant to paragraphs 6 (a),
(b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Loan Account
for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the General
Conditions.
                            SCHEDULE 3
       Actions referred to in Section 2.06 of this Agreement
1.    Oyo State undertakes to increase with effect from January 1,
1990 its internally generated revenues by at least 5 percent
annually in real terms.
2.    Oyo State shall no later than January 1, 1990 establish an
infrastructure maintenance and rehabilitation fund to be used
exclusively for the maintenance and rehabilitation of
infrastructure.
3.    Oyo State shall prepare and furnish to the Bank annually for
its review and comments: (i) its proposals for utilizing the fund
referred to in 2 above; and (ii) the level of contributions to be
made to the fund.
Page  9
