Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3238 UNI
                       IMG Project Agreement
                     (Oyo State Urban Project)
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                    IBADAN MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
                      Dated November 2, 1990
                                              LOAN NUMBER 3238 UNI
                       IMG PROJECT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated November 2, 1990 between INTERNATIONAL BANK
FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank) and the IBADAN
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT (IMG).
      WHEREAS (A) by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Federal Republic of Nigeria (the Borrower) and the Bank,
the Bank has agreed to make available to the Borrower an amount in
various currencies equivalent to fifty million dollars
($50,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan
Agreement, but only on condition that IMG agrees to undertake such
obligations toward the Bank as are set forth in this Agreement;
      (B)   by the Oyo State Project Agreement of even date herewith
between the Bank and the Oyo State of Nigeria (Oyo State), Oyo State
has agreed to carry out Parts A, B and C of the Project with the
assistance of IMG and other local governments in Oyo State; and
      WHEREAS IMG, in consideration of the Bank's entering into the
Loan Agreement with the Borrower and the Oyo State Project Agreement
with Oyo State, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as folio
                             ARTICLE I
Page  2
                            Definitions
      Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, wherever
used in this Agreement, the several terms defined in the Loan
Agreement, the Preamble to this Agreement and the General Conditions
(as so defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 2.01. (a) IMG declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement and, to this end, shall assist Oyo State in the carrying
out of Parts A, B and C of the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial and infrastructure development policies and practices.
      Section 2.02. (a) IMG shall, at the request of the Borrower or
the Bank, exchange views with the Borrower and the Bank with regard
to the progress of the Project, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and other matters relating to the purposes of
the Loan.
      (b)   IMG shall promptly inform the Borrower and the Bank of
any condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of the
Loan, or the performance by IMG of its obligations under this
Agreement.
      Section 2.03. IMG shall take such actions as shall be
necessary to generate increased revenue required for infrastructure
development and maintenance in Ibadan and for the effective carrying
out of IMG's functions in Ibadan including the introduction and
establishment of an enhanced property taxation system for Ibadan.
                            ARTICLE III
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 3.01. (a) IMG shall with respect to the Project
maintain or cause to be maintained separate records and accounts
adequate to reflect in accordance with sound accounting practices
its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   IMG shall:
            (i)   have the accounts and records referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section for each fiscal
                  year audited, in accordance with appropriate
                  auditing principles consistently applied by
                  independent auditors acceptable to the Bank;
            (ii)  furnish to the Bank as soon as available, but in
                  any case not later than six months after the end
                  of each such year: (A) certified copies of its
                  financial statements for such year as so audited,
                  and (B) the report of such audit by said auditors
                  of such scope and in such detail as the Bank
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
            (iii) furnish to the Bank such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof, as the
                  Bank shall from time to time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures involving IMG with respect to which
withdrawals from the Loan Account were made for Parts A.5 and C.l
(iv) and (v) of the Project on the basis of statements of
expenditure, IMG shall:
Page  3
            (i)   maintain or cause to be maintained, in accordance
                  with paragraph (a) of this Section, records and
                  accounts reflecting such expenditures;
            (ii)  retain, until at least one year after the Bank
                  has received the audit report for the fiscal year
                  in which the last withdrawal from the Loan
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
            (iii) enable the Bank's representatives to examine such
                  records; and
            (iv)  ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors, as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                            ARTICLE IV
                   Effective Date; Termination;
                    Cancellation and Suspension
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and effect
on the date upon which the Loan Agreement becomes effective.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the Bank
and of IMG thereunder shall terminate on the date on which the Loan
Agreement shall terminate in accordance with its terms the Bank
shall promptly notify IMG thereof.
      Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the General Conditions.
                             ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous Provisions
      Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted to
be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement between the
parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing. Such
notice or request shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
when it shall be delivered by hand or by mail, telegram, cable,
telex or radio gram to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address hereinafter
specified or at such other address as such party shall have desig-
nated by notice to the party giving such notice or making such
request. The addresses so specified are:
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
             Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA)
                                            64145 (WUI)
                                            82987 (FTCC)
Page  4
      For IMG:
            The Chairman
            Ibadan Municipal Government Council
            Mapo Hall
            Ibadan, Oyo State
            Nigeria
      Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be taken,
and any document required or permitted to be executed, under this
Agreement on behalf of IMG, may be taken or executed by the Chairman
or such other person or persons as IMG shall designate in writing,
and IMG shall furnish to the Bank sufficient evidence of the
authority and the authenticated specimen signature of each such
person.
      Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all collec-
tively but one instrument.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ Edwin Lim
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                  IBADAN MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
                  By /s/ Hamzat Ahmadu
                                         Authorized Representative
