Page  1
                                                          CONFORMED COPY
                                                  CREDIT NUMBER 2829 PAK
                            Project Agreement
      (NWFP Community Infrastructure and NHA Strengthening Project)
                                between
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                                   and
                       NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
                            Dated April 18, 1996
                                                   CREDIT NUMBER 2829 PAK
                             PROJECT AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT, dated April 18, 1996, between INTERNATIONAL
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the Association) and NORTH WEST
FRONTIER PROVINCE, acting by its Governor (NWFP).
     WHEREAS (A) by the Development Credit Agreement of even
date herewith between Islamic Republic of Pakistan (the
Borrower) and the Association, the Association has agreed to
make available to the Borrower an amount in various currencies
equivalent to thirteen million seven hundred thousand Special
Drawing Rights (SDR 13,700,000), on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Development Credit Agreement, but only on
condition that NWFP agree to undertake such obligations toward
the Association as are set forth in this Agreement;
     (B)  part of the proceeds of the credit provided for, and
the Swiss Contribution referred to, in the Development Credit
Agreement will be made available to NWFP; and
     WHEREAS NWFP, in consideration of the Association's
entering into the Development Credit Agreement with the
Borrower, has agreed to undertake the obligations set forth in
this Agreement;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                          ARTICLE I
                         Definitions
Page  2
     Section 1.01. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the Development Credit Agreement, the
Preamble to this Agreement and in the General Conditions (as so
defined) have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                         ARTICLE II
                  Execution of the Project
     Section 2.01. (a) NWFP declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the
Development Credit Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out
its activities under the Project with due diligence and
efficiency and in conformity with appropriate administrative,
financial, engineering and community development practices, and
shall provide, or cause to be provided, promptly as needed,
the funds, facilities, services and other resources required
for its activities under the Project.
     (b)  Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph
(a) of this Section and except as the Association and NWFP
shall otherwise agree, NWFP shall carry out its activities
under the Project in accordance with the Implementation Program
set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods, works and consultants'
services required for the Project and to be financed out of the
proceeds of the Credit and the Swiss Contribution shall be
governed by the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement.
     Section 2.03. NWFP shall carry out the obligations set
forth in Sections 9.03, 9.04, 9.05, 9.06, 9.07 and 9.08 of the
General Conditions (relating to insurance, use of goods and
services, plans and schedules, records and reports, maintenance
and land acquisition, respectively) in respect of its
activities under the Project Agreement.
     Section 2.04. (a) NWFP shall, at the request of the
Association, exchange views with the Association with regard to
the progress of its activities under the Project, the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement and other
matters relating to the purposes of the Credit.
     (b)  NWFP shall promptly inform the Association of any
condition which interferes or threatens to interfere with the
progress of the Project, the accomplishment of the purposes of
the Credit, or the performance by NWFP of its obligations under
this Agreement.
     Section 2.05. NWFP shall:
     (a)  maintain policies and procedures adequate to enable
it to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis, in accordance
with indicators satisfactory to the Association, the carrying
out of its activities under the Project and the achievement of
the objectives thereof;
     (b)  prepare, under terms of reference satisfactory to the
Association, and furnish to the Association, on or about March
31, 1998, a report integrating the results of the monitoring
and evaluation activities performed pursuant to paragraph (a)
of this Section, on the progress achieved in the carrying out
of its activities under the Project during the period preceding
the date of said report and setting out the measures
recommended to ensure the efficient carrying out of its
activities under the Project and the achievement of the
objectives thereof during the period following such date; and
     (c)  review with the Association, by June 30, 1998, or
such later date as the Association shall request, the report
referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section, and, thereafter,
Page  3
take all measures required to ensure the efficient completion
of its activities under the Project and the achievement of the
objectives thereof, based on the conclusions and
recommendations of the said report and the Association's views
on the matter.
     Section 2.06. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Article IX of the General Conditions, NWFP shall:
     (a)  prepare, on the basis of guidelines acceptable to the
Association, and furnish to the Association not later than six
(6) months after the Closing Date or such later date as may be
agreed for this purpose between the Association and NWFP, a
plan for the future operation of the Project;
     (b)  afford the Association a reasonable opportunity to
exchange views with NWFP on said plan; and
     (c)  thereafter, carry out said plan with due diligence
and efficiency and in accordance with appropriate practices,
taking into account the Association's comments thereon.
                         ARTICLE III
                     Financial Covenants
     Section 3.01. (a) NWFP shall maintain or cause to be
maintained records and accounts adequate to reflect in
accordance with sound accounting practices its operations and
financial condition in respect of its activities under the
Project.
     (b)  NWFP shall:
        (i)    have such records and accounts including those
               for the NWFP and Swiss Contribution Special
               Accounts, for each fiscal year audited, in
               accordance with appropriate auditing principles
               consistently applied, by independent auditors
               acceptable to the Association;
       (ii)    furnish to the Association, as soon as
               available, but in any case not later than six
               months after the end of each such year, a
               certified copy of the report of such audit by
               said auditors, of such scope and in such detail
               as the Association shall have reasonably
               requested; and
       (iii)   furnish to the Association such other
               information concerning said records, accounts
               and the audit thereof as the Association shall
               from time to time reasonably request.
                         ARTICLE IV
                Effective Date; Termination;
                 Cancellation and Suspension
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall come into force and
effect on the date upon which the Development Credit Agreement
becomes effective.
     Section 4.02. (a) This Agreement and all obligations of
the Association and of NWFP thereunder shall terminate on the
earlier of the following two dates:
          (i)  the date on which the Development Credit
               Agreement shall terminate in accordance with
               its terms; or
          (ii) the date 20 years after the date of this
Page  4
               Agreement.
     (b)  If the Development Credit Agreement terminates in
accordance with its terms before the date specified in
paragraph (a) (ii) of this Section, the Association shall
promptly notify NWFP of this event.
     Section 4.03. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
cancellation or suspension under the General Conditions.
                          ARTICLE V
                  Miscellaneous Provisions
     Section 5.01. Any notice or request required or permitted
to be given or made under this Agreement and any agreement
between the parties contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
writing. Such notice or request shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when it shall be delivered by hand or by
mail, telegram, cable, telex or radiogram to the party to which
it is required or permitted to be given or made at such party's
address hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving such
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified are:
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street, N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:              Telex:
                  INDEVAS             197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.    248423 (RCA),
                                       64145 (WUI) or
                                       82987 (FTCC)
     For the North West Frontier Province:
          The Additional Chief Secretary
          Planning, Environment and Development Department
          Government of North West Frontier Province
          Peshawar, Pakistan
          Cable address:              Telex:
                  DEVELOPMENT         952-52371
                  Peshawar, Pakistan
     Section 5.02. Any action required or permitted to be
taken, and any document required or permitted to be executed,
under this Agreement on behalf of NWFP, or by NWFP on behalf of
the Borrower under the Development Credit Agreement, may be
taken or executed by the Additional Chief Secretary, Planning,
Environment and Development Department, or such other person or
persons as he or she shall designate in writing, and NWFP shall
furnish to the Association sufficient evidence of the authority
and the authenticated specimen signature of each such person.
     Section 5.03. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all
collectively but one instrument.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through
their duly authorized representatives, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the
District of Columbia, United States of America, as of the day
and year first above written.
Page  5
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Mieko Nishimizu
                               Acting Regional Vice President
                                                   South Asia
               NORTH WEST FRONTIER PROVINCE
               By /s/ Mansoor Elahi
                                    Authorized Representative
                         SCHEDULE 1
            Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I:     Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:   General
     Goods and works shall be procured in accordance with the
provisions of Section I of the "Guidelines for Procurement
under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank in
January 1995 (the Guidelines) and the following provisions of
this Section, as applicable.
Part B:   International Competitive Bidding
1.   Except as otherwise provided in Part C of this Section,
goods shall be procured under contracts awarded in accordance
with the provisions of Section II of the Guidelines and
paragraph 5 of Appendix 1 thereto.
2.   The following provisions shall apply to goods to be
procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 1 of this Part B.
     (a)  Grouping of contracts
     To the extent practicable, contracts shall be grouped in
bid packages estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or more
each.
     (b)  Preference for Domestically Manufactured Goods
     The provisions of paragraphs 2.54 and 2.55 of the
Guidelines and Appendix 2 thereto shall apply to goods
manufactured in the territory of the Borrower.
Part C:   Other Procurement Procedures
1.   National Competitive Bidding
     (a)  Type A (trunk infrastructure) works and Type B
(secondary or tertiary infrastructure) works may be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.  To the extent
practicable, each Type A works shall be grouped at the
divisional level in bid packages estimated to cost $150,000
equivalent or more each, and each Type B works shall be grouped
at the community level in bid packages estimated to cost
$50,000 equivalent or more each.  In the event that such works
do not attract competition, they shall be procured in
accordance with procedures acceptable to the Association.
Page  6
     (b)  Goods estimated to cost $100,000 equivalent or less
per contract and $400,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate,
may be procured under contracts awarded in accordance with the
provisions of paragraphs 3.3 and 3.4 of the Guidelines.
2.   National Shopping
     Goods estimated to cost $50,000 equivalent or less per
contract and $200,000 equivalent or less in the aggregate, may
be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of national
shopping procedures in accordance with the provisions of
paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6 of the Guidelines.
3.   Community Participation
     Type C (simple and small-scale) works required for Part
A.1 of the Project estimated to cost $20,000 equivalent or less
per contract and $5,000,000 equivalent or less in the
aggregate, shall be procured in accordance with procedures
acceptable to the Association.
Part D:   Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.   Procurement Planning
     Prior to the issuance of any invitations to prequalify for
bidding or to bid for contracts, the proposed procurement plan
for the Project shall be furnished to the Association for its
review and approval, in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 1 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.  Procurement of
all goods and works shall be undertaken in accordance with such
procurement plan as shall have been approved by the
Association, and with the provisions of said paragraph 1.
2.   Prior Review
     With respect to the first of each of the Type A and Type
B works contracts (as defined in paragraph 1 (a) of Part C of
this Section), and in any case each contract for goods or works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $150,000 or more, the
procedures set forth in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix 1 to the
Guidelines shall apply.
3.   Post Review
     With respect to each contract not governed by paragraph 2
of this Part D, the procedures set forth in paragraph 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply.
Section II.    Employment of Consultants
1.   Consultants' services shall be procured under contracts
awarded in accordance with the provisions of the "Guidelines
for the Use of Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the
World Bank as Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August
1981 (the Consultant Guidelines).  For complex, time-based
assignments, such contracts shall be based on the standard form
of contract for consultants' services issued by the Bank, with
such modifications thereto as shall have been agreed by the
Association.  Where no relevant standard contract documents
have been issued by the Bank, other standard forms acceptable
to the Association shall be used.
2.   Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this
Section, the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring
prior Association review or approval of budgets, short lists,
selection procedures, letters of invitation, proposals,
evaluation reports and contracts, shall not apply to (a)
contracts for the employment of consulting firms estimated to
cost less than $100,000 equivalent each or (b) contracts for
Page  7
the employment of individual consultants estimated to cost less
than $50,000 equivalent each.  However, said exceptions to
prior Association review shall not apply to (a) the terms of
reference for such contracts, (b) single-source selection of
consulting firms, (c) assignments of a critical nature, as
reasonably determined by the Association, (d) amendments to
contracts for the employment of consulting firms raising the
contract value to $100,000 equivalent or above, or (e)
amendments to contracts for the employment of individual
consultants raising the contract value to $50,000 equivalent or
above.
                         SCHEDULE 2
                   Implementation Program
A.   Governmental Institutional Arrangements
1.   Project Management Unit. The PMU shall, for purposes of
undertaking the Project and not later than the Effective Date,
be strengthened through:
     (a)  the creation therein of a Planning and Community
Development Directorate, headed by a Director, and responsible
for community involvement in identifying infrastructure and
community development needs, assisting communities in preparing
Community Action Plans and implementing other community
development activities;
     (b)  the creation therein of a Design and Implementation
Directorate, headed by a Director, and responsible for
preparation of engineering designs, cost estimates and
procurement documentation, apart from being involved, through
the PIUs, in procuring works, contract management and
administration, supervision of construction and helping
communities plan and prepare for O&M;
     (c)  the appointment thereto of a Deputy Director,
Monitoring and Evaluation, responsible for preparing routine
monitoring reports, including monitoring key performance
indicators, arranging training in monitoring and evaluation for
all parties involved, and, in coordination with the other
Directorates, for initiating monitoring, evaluation and impact
assessment by communities; and
     (d)  the creation therein of a Finance Wing, headed by a
Deputy Director, and responsible for project accounting and
internal auditing, and for establishing procedures for paying
contractors, managing community project accounts and budgeting.
2.   Project Implementation Units. Each PIU shall be
strengthened through the appointment therein of an Assistant
Director, heading a suitable technical, financial and social
organizer staff, and with necessary powers and responsibility
for direct implementation of project activities with the
communities, and for facilitating the preparation of monitoring
and evaluation data.
3.   Project Steering and Working Committees. (a) There shall
be established, not later than September 30, 1996, a Project
Steering Committee, chaired by the Secretary, LGERDD, and
including as members the Secretary, Public Health Engineering
Department, the Secretary, Physical Planning and Housing
Department, the Additional Secretary, Finance, the Additional
Secretary, LGERDD, and the Additional Secretary, Planning,
Environment and Development Department, all of NWFP, and, as
Secretary, the Director General, PMU. The PSC shall be
responsible, within the agreed policy framework for the
Project, for preparation of operational directions, review of
the program in each community, inter-agency coordination and
monitoring of overall progress.
Page  8
     (b)  There shall be established within PSC, not later than
September 30, 1996, a Working Committee, responsible for
routine coordination and monitoring, including specifically
coordination within the PMU, especially of community
mobilization, engineering and community development activities,
liaison with line departments and local councils, monitoring
implementation performance and identifying measures to remove
obstacles to implementation. The Working Committee shall be
chaired by the Additional Secretary, LGERDD, and shall include
as members from the PMU, the Director, Planning and Community
Development, the Director, Design and Implementation, and the
Deputy Director, Monitoring and Evaluation, and, as Secretary,
the Deputy Director, Finance.
4.   Project Review Board. There shall be established, not
later than September 30, 1996, a Project Review Board, chaired
by the Additional Chief Secretary, Planning, Environment and
Development Department, responsible for top-level project
oversight and coordination and periodic review of the policy
framework of the Project.
B.   Community Participation
5.   Selection of Schemes. Infrastructure and community
development schemes to be included in the Project shall be
selected on the basis of criteria, and designed, financed,
implemented and maintained through processes, satisfactory to
the Association. To that end, such criteria and processes shall
be developed and applied in accordance with and subject to a
policy framework, which shall provide, inter alia, that, for
purposes of said schemes, those communities shall be given
priority which:
     (a)  are geographically spread across NWFP and ensure a
proper urban/rural balance;
     (b)  are low-income, lack basic infrastructure or are
located in identified slum areas, and are based upon a
settlement size exceeding three thousand persons;
     (c)  demonstrate commitment through their capacity for
social organization and financial contribution and, to this
end, are prepared to, and do: (i) organize themselves into CBOs
or user committees, which are officially registered, broadly
based and include representation of women, for purposes of
participating in, and assuming joint responsibility for,
design, preparation and implementation, and full responsibility
for O&M; and (ii) contribute any land required and at least 20%
of the capital cost of infrastructure (other than trunk
infrastructure) and 100% of O&M costs;
     (d)  are supported by their local councils through a
contribution of at least 10% of the capital cost of
infrastructure (other than trunk infrastructure); and
     (e)  are willing to prepare and carry out the schemes in
accordance with planning, design and construction standards
suited to and affordable by the communities concerned, and are
able to demonstrate that the local infrastructure to be
developed under the schemes shall be supported by primary
infrastructure as necessary to ensure efficient and effective
operation.
6.   Institutional Arrangements. The PMU shall, for purposes of
each community infrastructure and development scheme to be
included in the Project, enter into an agreement with the
concerned CBO and local council for financing, implementing and
maintaining such scheme, on terms and conditions satisfactory
to the Association.
C.   Other Matters
Page  9
7.   Resettlement. If there are any persons displaced or to be
displaced as a result of the acquisition of any land required
for the purposes of the Project or any scheme included in the
Project, such persons shall be compensated and/or resettled in
accordance with arrangements satisfactory to the Association,
providing, among other things, for: (a) full consultation with
the affected persons; (b) provision of equivalent or better
accommodation at equal or lower cost and maintenance of the
standard of living; and (c) assistance in moving.
8.   Implementation Plan. The Project shall be carried out in
accordance with an Implementation Plan satisfactory to the
Association. Such plan shall be reviewed and updated by January
31 in each year, beginning January 31, 1997, in a manner
satisfactory to the Association.
