Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2248 SC
                   Development Credit Agreement
            (Agricultural Development Support Project)
                              between
                        ST. KITTS AND NEVIS
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        Dated June 14, 1991
                                             CREDIT NUMBER 2248 SC
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated June 14, 1991, between ST. KITTS AND NEVIS
(the Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS (A) the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   the Borrower has also requested the International Bank
for Reconstruction and Development (the Bank) to provide additional
assistance towards the financing of the Project and by an agreement
of even date herewith between the Borrower and the Bank, the Bank is
agreeing to provide such assistance in an aggregate principal amount
equivalent to one million, five hundred thousand dollars
($1,500,000) (the Loan);
      (C)   the Borrower and the Association intend, to the extent
practicable, that the proceeds of the Credit provided for in this
Page  2
Agreement be disbursed on account of expenditures in respect of the
Project before disbursements of the proceeds of the Loan provided
for in the Loan Agreement are made; and
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985,
with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General
Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions and in the Preamble to this Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth and the following additional terms have
the following meanings:
      (a)   "Agricultural Machinery Pool" means the pool of
agricultural machinery operated by the DOAs (as hereinafter defined)
to provide agricultural machinery to farmers;
      (b)   "CDB" means the Caribbean Development Bank;
      (c)   "Central Housing Authority" means the central housing
authority of the Borrower within MAS (as hereinafter defined);
      (d)   "CPU" means the Central Planning Unit within MAS (as
hereinafter defined);
      (e)   "DOA" means, in the case of St. Kitts, the Department of
Agriculture within MAS (as hereinafter defined), and in the case of
Nevis, the Department of Agriculture within MAN (as hereinafter
defined), and "DOAs" means both such Departments;
      (f)   "EC$" means the East Caribbean Dollar, the unit of
currency of the Borrower;
      (g)   "Land Development Act" means the Land Development Act
passed by the parliament of the Borrower and which came into due
effect in accordance with the laws of the Borrower on May 14, 1991;
      (h)   "LDC" means the Land Development Corporation established
by the Land Development Ordinance passed on November 13, 1984;
      (i)   "Lease Agreement" means the lease agreement set out in
Schedule 2 of the Land Development Act for all leases granted in
accordance with said Act;
      (j)   "Loan Agreement" means the agreement of even date
herewith between the Borrower and the Bank for the Project, as such
agreement may be amended from time to time; and such term includes
the "General Conditions Applicable to Loan and Guarantee Agreements"
of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, as applied to such agreement,
and all schedules and agreements supplemental to the Loan Agreement;
      (k)   "MAS" means the Ministry of Agriculture, Lands, Housing
and Development of St. Kitts, within the territory of the Borrower;
      (l)   "MAN" means the Ministry of Agriculture, Lands, Labor
and Tourism of Nevis, within the territory of the Borrower;
      (m)   "National Bank Ltd." means the St. Kitts-Nevis- Anguilla
National Bank situated in the territory of the Borrower;
      (n)   "Office of Registrar of Titles" means the Office for the
Page  3
Registration of Leasehold Titles within MAS;
      (o)   "Project Account" means the account referred to in
Section 3.03 of this Agreement;
      (p)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advance granted by the Bank and the Association to the
Borrower pursuant to an exchange of letters dated January 16, 1990
and February 2, 1990 between the Borrower, the Bank and the
Association;
      (q)   "PSIP" means the Public Sector Investment Program of the
Borrower, satisfactory to the Bank and the Association, prepared and
monitored by the CPU;
      (r)   "Special Account" means the account referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement;
      (s)   "SSMC" means the St. Kitts Sugar Manufacturing
Corporation established by the St. Kitts Sugar Manufacturing
Corporation Act, 1976 (as amended);
      (t)   "Subsidiary Loan Agreement" means the agreement to be
entered into between the Borrower and SSMC pursuant to Section 3.01
(b) of this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and such term includes all schedules to the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement; and
      (u)   "Special Cess" means the special cess comprised of the
sugar industry price stabilization fund; the sugar industry
rehabilitation fund; and the sugar industry labor welfare fund in
accordance with Chapter 349 of the Sugar Export Cess Act of 1st
January 1947, as amended.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to one million and one hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 1,100,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in dollars a special account in National Bank on
terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association, including
appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or attachment.
Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account shall be
made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself and the Bank the amount required to repay the
principal amount of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and
outstanding as of such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon.
The unwithdrawn balance of the authorized amount of the Project
Preparation Advance shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be June 30, 1999 or such
later date as the Association shall establish. The Association shall
promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
Page  4
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date and at such
other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant to
paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year shall
be applied from the next date in that year specified in Section 2.06
of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one per cent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on January 15 and July 15 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in  semi-
annual installments payable on each January 15 and July 15
commencing July 15, 2001 and ending January 15, 2026. Each
installment to and including the installment payable on January 15,
2011 shall be one and one-fourth percent (1-1/4%) of such principal
amount, and each installment thereafter shall be two and one-half
percent (2-1/2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due con-
sideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the United States of America is
hereby specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
Page  5
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out Part A of the Project
through MAS, and shall cause Part B of the Project to be carried out
by SSMC, as provided below, with due diligence and efficiency and in
conformity with sound and appropriate administrative, financial,
agricultural and environmental practices, and shall provide,
promptly as needed, the funds, facilities, services and other
resources required for the Project.
      (b)   The Borrower shall relend out of the proceeds of the
Credit and the proceeds of the Loan an amount equivalent to
$1,900,000 (one million, nine hundred thousand dollars) to SSMC
under a subsidiary loan agreement to be entered into between the
Borrower and SSMC under terms and conditions which shall have been
approved by the Association and the Bank, and which shall include,
inter alia, the commitment of SSMC to the objectives of Part B of
the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, the
obligation to carry out such Part of the Project, as well as the
financial terms and conditions of the relending which shall be the
same as specified in Sections 2.04, 2.05, 2.06 and 2.07 of the Loan
Agreement, and a condition that SSMC undertake the foreign and
cross-currency exchange risk (if any), plus a premium of one
percentage point per annum payable by SSMC.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   establish and maintain for the duration of the Project
in EC$ a Project Account in the National Bank on terms and
conditions satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   make payments out of the Project Account exclusively for
expenditures required for the Project;
      (c)   deposit into the Project Account:
            (i)   an initial amount of EC$ 100,000;
           (ii)   at monthly intervals beginning the month
                  following the establishment of the Project
                  Account, an amount equal to the aggregate of
                  payments made during the previous month for
                  expenditures under the Project not financed from
                  the Credit; and
          (iii)   any additional amounts necessary to maintain    a
                  minimum balance in such account of           EC$
                  100,000 or such other amount acceptable to the
                  Association.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   no later than December 31, 1991: (i) either employ, or
make arrangements acceptable to the Association to obtain the
necessary funds for the employment of, a senior economic specialist
and a land use specialist, in order to assist the Borrower in the
economic and physical planning and in the implementation of Part A
(iv) of the Project, through bilateral assistance or other means;
and (ii) employ such specialists under terms and conditions
acceptable to the Association;
      (b)   no later than December 31, 1991, employ, through MAS,
consultants under terms and conditions acceptable to the Association
to assist the Borrower in the implementation of Part A (i)
Page  6
paragraphs (a) and (b) of the Project, and Part A (ii) paragraph (a)
of the Project; and
      (c)   no later than March 31, 1992, through MAS, employ
consultants under terms and conditions acceptable to the
Association, to assist the Borrower in marketing and investment
promotion under Part A (iv) of the Project.
      Section 3.05. The Borrower shall, by no later than
December 31, 1991:
      (a)   in accordance with the recommendations of the
consultants made pursuant to Schedule 2, Part A (ii)(a), through MAS
provide the necessary staff for MAS, with qualifications and
experience and under terms of reference all satisfactory to the
Association, in the DOA, the Central Housing Authority, and the
Office of Registrar of Titles, to provide the following functions:
field assessment, report preparation and follow-up of land use
recommendations; surveying of agricultural land and cartography; and
administrative duties, including registration of title;
      (b)   through MAS and MAN, employ, with qualifications and
experience and under terms of reference all satisfactory to the
Association, a senior agriculturalist for the DOA in St. Kitts, and
a senior agriculturalist for the DOA in Nevis; and
      (c)   through MAS and MAN, provide agricultural extension
services satisfactory to the Association at all times, ensure that
the DOA has at all times adequate funds for the provision of
extension services (including funds to meet operating expenses) and
to maintain an adequate number of agricultural extension staff,
satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.06. The Borrower shall ensure that, no later than
December 31, 1995, the DOAs shall have ceased to operate, and
divested themselves of, the Agricultural Machinery Pool.
      Section 3.07. The Borrower shall:
      (a)   no later than December 31, 1991, cause SSMC: to offer
for sale its sugar mill together with the benefit of a long-term
lease from the Borrower of its sugar-producing land, by way of issue
of shares, joint-venture, or under other arrangements previously
approved by and satisfactory to the Association;
      (b)   in the event of closure of the sugar mill, no later than
March 31, 1992, prepare an action plan, acceptable to the Asso-
ciation, aimed at mitigating the economic and social welfare
problems that could arise in the event of the closure of such sugar
mill;
      (c)   by September 30, 1992, if (i) no sale has been made, or
if the sale is in the process of being made other than in a manner
satisfactory to the Association; and (ii) the industry continues to
incur substantial losses; consult with the Association, and, unless
the Association shall otherwise agree, establish a timetable in
accordance with the action plan prepared pursuant to paragraph (b)
above, satisfactory to the Association, to close down its sugar
mill; and
      (d)   In the event it closes down its sugar mill, by no later
than three months after the closing takes place, commence the
implementation of the action plan referred to in subparagraph (b) of
this Section.
      Section 3.08. The Borrower shall cause the CPU:
      (a) (i) to maintain data, information, records and procedures
adequate to record and monitor the progress of all parts of the
Project; (ii) to prepare progress reports based on such data,
information, records and procedures, of a scope and content
acceptable to the Association; and (iii) without limitation to the
Page  7
provisions of the General Conditions (Section 9.07 of the General
Conditions applicable to Loans and Guarantee Agreements, and Section
9.07 of the General Conditions as defined in this Agreement), to
submit such reports to the Association and the Bank on an annual
basis beginning on February 28, 1992; and
      (b)   monitor Project implementation, evaluate results, and
set forth its views on the progress of the Project in each year in
the report referred to in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 3.09. Without prejudice to its obligations under
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions applicable to Loans and
Guarantee Agreements, and Section 9.01 of the General Conditions as
defined in this Agreement), the Borrower shall, commencing on
March 31, 1992, and thereafter in each year of the Project, exchange
views and review with the Bank, the Association and the CDB, in a
manner satisfactory to the Association, the PSIP including, inter
alia, the resources available for each segment of the Borrower's
public sector, the development priorities in each such segment, and
the adequacy of the implementation of the public investments and of
the financing for each such segments, such review to include the
proposed changes in the timing and composition of the Borrower's
investment program for agriculture, as requested by the Association.
      Section 3.10. The Borrower shall cause LDC to obtain, prior to
sending any of its employee on any of the training courses under
Part A (ii) of the Project, a legally binding commitment,
satisfactory to the Association, from any such employee to the
effect that, upon conclusion of the course, any such employee shall
return to LDC and remain for a minimum length of time calculated on
the basis of two months of service for each month of training
received.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain records and
separate accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices the operations, resources and expenditures in
respect of the Project of the departments or agencies of the
Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or any part
thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account and the Project Account for
                  each fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain in accordance with paragraph (a) of this
                  Section, records and accounts reflecting such
Page  8
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit for the fiscal
                  year in which the last withdrawal from the Credit
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
      Section 4.02. (a) The Borrower shall cause SSMC to maintain
records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance with sound
accounting practices its operations and financial condition.
      (b)   The Borrower shall cause SSMC to:
            (i)   have its records, accounts and financial
                  statements (balance sheets, statements of income
                  and expenses and related statements) for each
                  fiscal year audited, in accordance with
                  appropriate auditing principles consistently
                  applied, by independent auditors acceptable to
                  the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year: (A) certified copies
                  of its financial statements for such year as so
                  audited; and (B) the report of such audit by said
                  auditors, of such scope and in such detail as the
                  Association shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and financial
                  statements as well as the audit thereof as the
                  Association shall from time to time reasonably
                  request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall cause SSMC to:
            (i)   maintain, in accordance with paragraph (a) of
                  this Section, records and accounts reflecting
                  such expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account was made, all records (contracts,
                  orders, invoices, bills, receipts and other
                  documents) evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
Page  9
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                          Other Covenants
      Section 5.01. The Borrower shall cause SSMC:
      (a)   to take out and maintain with responsible insurers, or
to make other provision satisfactory to the Association for,
insurance against such risks and in such amounts as shall be
consistent with appropriate practice;
      (b)   to carry on its operations and conduct its affairs in
accordance with sound administrative, financial, agricultural and
environmental practices under the supervision of qualified and
experienced management assisted by competent staff in adequate
numbers; and
      (c)   at all times to operate and to maintain its plants,
machinery, equipment and other property, and from time to time,
promptly as needed, to make all necessary repairs and renewals
thereof, all in accordance with sound engineering, financial,
agricultural and environmental practices.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 6.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   the Land Development Act shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the ability of the
Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Loan
Agreement; or
      (b)   the Lease Agreement shall have been amended, suspended,
abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially and
adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the ability of the
Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Loan
Agreement; or
      (c)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely, in the opinion of the Association, the ability of the
Borrower or SSMC to perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement or the Loan Agreement; or
      (d)   the Borrower or SSMC shall have failed to perform any of
their respective obligations under the Subsidiary Loan Agreement; or
      (e)   without prejudice to the provisions of Section 3.07 of
this Agreement, the Borrower or any other authority having
jurisdiction shall have taken any action for the dissolution or
disestablishment of SSMC or for the suspension of its operations; or
      (f)   the Borrower shall have failed to make payment of
principal, interest, service charge or any other amount due to CDB,
or to the Association as assignee thereof, under a loan or credit
from CDB the proceeds of which were originally provided to CDB by
the Association or the Bank.
      Section 6.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional event is specified, namely that
either of the events specified in paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e),
or (f) of Section 6.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
Page  10
                            ARTICLE VII
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 7.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions,
namely that:
      (a)   all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of the
Loan Agreement have been fulfilled;
      (b)   the Project Account referred to in Section 3.03 of this
Agreement has been established and the initial deposit referred to
in Section 3.03 (c) (i) of this Agreement has been made;
      (c)   experts have been contracted, under terms and conditions
satisfactory to the Association, to commence work on a draft
prospectus for the sale of the sugar mill;
      (d)   the Subsidiary Loan Agreement referred to in Section
3.01 (b) of this Agreement and the Loan Agreement has been entered
into; and
      (e)   the Special Cess imposed on the sugar industry has been
eliminated.
      Section 7.02. The following is specified as an additional
matter, within the meaning of Section 12.02 (b) of the General
Conditions, to be included in the opinion or opinions to be
furnished to the Association, namely that the Subsidiary Loan
Agreement to be entered into between the SSMC and the Borrower has
been duly executed and authorized or ratified by the Borrower and
SSMC and is legally binding upon the Borrower and SSMC in accordance
with its terms.
      Section 7.03. The date September 11, 1991 is hereby specified
for the purposes of Section 12.04 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.04. The obligations of the Borrower under Sections
III, IV and V of this Agreement shall cease and determine on the
date on which the Development Credit Agreement shall terminate or on
the date fifteen years after the date of this Agreement, whichever
shall be the earlier.
                           ARTICLE VIII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 8.01. The Minister of Finance of the Borrower is
designated as representative of the Borrower for the purposes of
Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 8.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 186 Basseterre
            St. Kitts and Nevis
                                          Telex:
                                            36 16820
                                          Facsimile:
                                            809 4651001
      For the Association:
Page  11
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    197688 (TRT)
                  Washington, D.C.           248423 (RCA)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                              82987 (FTCC)
                                          Facsimile:
                                             (202) 477-6391
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  ST. KITTS AND NEVIS
                  By /s/ Erstein Edwards
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                  By /s/ Shahid Husain
                                           Regional Vice President
                                   Latin America and the Caribbean
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit and of the Loan, the
allocation of the amounts of the Credit and of the Loan to each
Category and the percentage of expenditures for items so to be
financed in each Category:
                     Amount            Amount
                     of the            of the
                     Credit             Loan            % of
                    Allocated         Allocated       Expendi-
                   (Expressed        (Expressed        tures
                     in SDR           in Dollar        to be
     Category      Equivalent)       Equivalent)      Financed
(1)  Works            7,000             40,000        100% of
                                                      foreign
                                                      expendi-
                                                      tures and
                                                      60% of local
                                                      expenditures
(2)  Goods          211,000            100,000        100% of
                                                      foreign
                                                      expendi-
                                                      tures and
                                                      100% of local
                                                      expenditures
                                                      (ex-factory
                                                      cost)
Page  12
(3)  Consultants'   578,000            980,000        100%
     services
(4)  Training        14,000             30,000        100%
                     Amount            Amount
                     of the            of the
                     Credit             Loan            % of
                    Allocated         Allocated       Expendi-
                   (Expressed        (Expressed        tures
                     in SDR           in Dollar        to be
     Category      Equivalent)       Equivalent)      Financed
(5)  Incremental     21,000             30,000        100% until
     salaries                                         the amounts
                                                      disbursed
                                                      reach an
                                                      amount of
                                                      SDR 21,000;
                                                      50% until
                                                      withdrawals
                                                      have reached
                                                      the equivalent
                                                      of $30,000;
                                                      and 35% there-
                                                      after
(6)  Audit fee        1,400              2,000        5% of total
                                                      cost of audit
(7)  Refunding      105,700            150,000        Amount due
     of Project                                       pursuant to
     Preparation                                      Section 2.02
     Advance                                          (c) of the
                                                      Agreement
(8)  Unallocated    161,900            168,000
                  _________          _________
    TOTAL         1,100,000          1,500,000
                  =========          =========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; provided, however, that if the currency
of the Borrower is also that of another country from the territory
of which goods or services are supplied, expenditures in such
currency for such goods or services shall be deemed to be "foreign
expenditures"; and
      (c)   the term "Incremental Salaries" means the salaries of
staff of MAS and MAN employed exclusively for purposes of the
Project.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement, except that
withdrawals, in an aggregate amount not exceeding the equivalent of
SDR 211,400, may be made on account of payments made for
expenditures before that date but after August 31, 1990.
                            SCHEDULE 2
                    Description of the Project
Page  13
      The objectives of the Project are to improve the pace and
diversity of the Borrower's agricultural development through: (a)
changes in the incentive framework to provide security of tenure and
secure migrant labor, especially in the sugar industry; (b)
improvements in agricultural support services and the Borrower's
agricultural planning capacity; and (c) changes in the sugar
industry, including divestiture of the current state-owned industry.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Agricultural Development
(i)   Cadastral Mapping and Land Use Capability:
      Implementation of a land titling system through:
      (a)   the provision of technical assistance and consultancy
services for the design of specifications and procedures for
producing maps, including surveying and mapping;
      (b)   the provision of technical assistance and consultancy
services for the drafting of standards and procedures and regu-
lations for use in land boundary surveys and for the demarcation of
parcels of land and elimination of duplication of title;
      (c)   land use capability studies and the development of
zoning strategies for land use; and
      (d)   acquisition and utilization of vehicles, office equip-
ment and supplies to carry out the foregoing; and
(ii)  Organization, Management and Training:
      (a)   the provision of consultancy services to review the
organization, structure and management system of the DOAs and the
Central Housing Authority;
      (b)   the provision of a training program for the officers of
the LDC in Nevis (including a land economy and evaluation appre-
ciation course for its General Manager and land economy and
valuation diploma course for two of its officers);
      (c)   acquisition and utilization of vehicles and office
equipment for the Central Housing Authority; and
      (d)   the provision of necessary staffing for the St. Kitts
DOA, the Central Housing Authority, and for the Office of Registrar
of Titles to assist with the implementation of the leasing program
in accordance with the Land Development Act;
(iii) Agricultural Support Services:
      Upgrading the support services of the DOAs through:
      (a)   acquisition and utilization of vehicles for extension
staff, and extension equipment (including audiovisual aids, overhead
projectors, publications and other promotional aids); and
      (b)   civil works for the construction and renovation of
outreach centers; and
(iv)  Agricultural Planning and Market Development:
      (a)   the provision of technical assistance and consultancy
services to CPU to strengthen the preparation and monitoring of the
PSIP; and
      (b)   the provision of consultancy services to CPU to
undertake market research of agricultural products and
Page  14
identification of potential foreign investors in the sector.
Part B:     The Sugar Industry
      (a)   provision of: (i) management services to assist in
improving SSMC's management in general, and more specifically in
stabilizing its financial condition, introducing and implementing a
management accounting system and keeping the mill operating
properly; and (ii) consultancy and experts' services to assist SSMC
in preparing a prospectus and tender documents for prospective
buyers of the sugar mill, and to design actions to close down the
mill if necessary; and
      (b)   acquisition and utilization of knives and related
factory and field equipment for the sugar mill, and living
accommodation for migrant workers.
                           *   *   *   *
      The Project is expected to be completed by December 31, 1999.
                            SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     Procurement Procedures
      Goods and works required for the Project may be procured under
contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price quotations
solicited from a list of at least three suppliers from at least two
countries eligible under the Guidelines, in accordance with
procedures acceptable to the Association.
Part B:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    (a)   With respect to each contract for goods and works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or more, the procedures
set forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines
shall apply. Where payments for such contract are to be made out of
the Special Account, such procedures shall be modified to ensure
that the two conformed copies of the contract required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 2 (d) shall
be furnished to the Association prior to the making of the first
payment out of the Special Account in respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the pre-
ceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which the Association has
authorized withdrawals on the basis of statements of expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of para-graph 4 of Appendix 1 
to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
      In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Page  15
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981.
                            SCHEDULE 4
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (1)
through (5) set forth in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to
the Development Credit Agreement;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit or
the Loan allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in
accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development
Credit Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means an amount
equivalent to $200,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account or
the Loan Account and deposited into the Special Account pursuant to
paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account and deposit in the Special
Account such amount or amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
      (b)   (i)   For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                  requests for deposits into the Special Account at
                  such intervals as the Association shall specify.
            (ii)  Prior to or at the time of each such request, the
                  Borrower shall furnish to the Association the
                  documents and other evidence required pursuant to
                  paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the payment or
                  payments in respect of which replenishment is
                  requested. On the basis of each such request, the
                  Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower,
                  withdraw from the Credit Account or the Loan
                  Account and deposit into the Special Account such
                  amount as the Borrower shall have requested and
                  as shall have been shown by said documents and
                  other evidence to have been paid out of the
                  Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account or the Loan Account under the respective eligible
Categories, and in the respective equivalent amounts, as shall have
been justified by said documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
Page  16
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of the
Development Credit Agreement or from the Loan Account in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement and
Article V of the General Conditions applicable thereto; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the
Loan allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project, less the
amount of any outstanding special commitment entered into by the
Association or the Bank pursuant to Section 5.02 of the respective
General Conditions with respect to the Project, shall equal the
equivalent of twice the amount of the Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account and the Loan Account
of the remaining unwithdrawn amount of the Credit and the Loan
allocated to the eligible Categories for the Project shall follow
such procedures as the Association shall specify by notice to the
Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be made only after and to
the extent that the Association shall have been satisfied that all
such amounts remaining on deposit in the Special Account as of the
date of such notice will be utilized in making payments for eligible
expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished to
the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the
Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the Association
may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account (or, if the
Association shall so request, refund to the Association or the Bank)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association or the Bank all or any portion of the funds on
deposit in the Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association or the Bank made pursuant to
paragraphs 6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to
the Credit Account or the Loan Account, as the case may be, for
subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Development Credit Agreement or the Loan
Agreement, including the General Conditions applicable thereto.
