Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3230 YU
                        Guarantee Agreement
                  (Third Highway Sector Project)
                              between
             SOCIALIST FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF YUGOSLAVIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION
                          AND DEVELOPMENT
                         Dated May 7, 1991
                                               LOAN NUMBER 3230 YU
                        GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated May 7, 1991, between SOCIALIST FEDERAL
REPUBLIC OF YUGOSLAVIA (the Guarantor) and INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (the Bank).
      WHEREAS (A) the Guarantor, Social Fund for Arterial and
Regional Roads of Bosnia and Herzegovina (the Borrower) and Federal
Association of Republican and Provincial Road Organizations of
Yugoslavia, Belgrade (FARP), having been satisfied as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
the Loan Agreement, have requested the Bank to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      (B)   by the Loan Agreement of even date herewith among the
Bank, the Borrower and FARP, the Bank has agreed to extend to the
Borrower a loan in various currencies equivalent to fifty-five
million dollars ($55,000,000), on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Loan Agreement, but only on condition that the Guarantor
agree to guarantee the obligations of the Borrower in respect of
such loan and to undertake such other obligations as provided in
this Agreement; and
Page  2
      WHEREAS the Guarantor, in consideration of the Bank's entering
into the Loan Agreement with the Borrower, has agreed so to
guarantee such obligations of the Borrower;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "general Conditions Applicable to Loan and
Guarantee Agreements" of the Bank, dated January 1, 1985, with the
last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the General Conditions)
constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to, and Section 1.02 of, the Loan Agreement have the respective
meanings therein set forth.
                            ARTICLE II
                             Guarantee
      Section 2.01. The Guarantor declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to the Loan
Agreement, and, to this end, without limitation or restriction upon
any of its other obligations under the Guarantee Agreement, hereby
unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety
merely, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and
interest and other charges on, the Loan, and the premium, if any, on
the prepayment of the Loan, all as set forth in the Loan Agreement.
                            ARTICLE III
                          Other Covenants
      Section 3.01. The Guarantor covenants that it will not take,
or cause or permit to be taken, any action which would prevent or
interfere with the performance by the Borrower or FARP of their
obligations contained in the Loan Agreement and that, within the
limits of its constitutional power, it will take or cause to be
taken all reasonable action necessary or appropriate to enable the
Borrower and FARP to perform such obligations.
      Section 3.02. (a) The Guarantor shall, through its appropriate
departments and agencies, take all measures necessary to ensure
that:
            (i)   all revenue for roads from the road user charge
                  on fuel continue to be derived from an ad valorem
                  tax on the wholesale price of fuel in order to
                  make available at least four hundred fifty
                  million dollars ($450,000,000) equivalent to the
                  road organizations in the republics and
                  autonomous provinces on a timely basis each
                  calendar year until Project completion to enable
                  such road organizations to meet at a minimum
                  their road maintenance, debt service and
                  administrative costs included in their respective
                  road expenditure programs for such calendar year,
                  with any revenue remaining thereafter allocated
                  to other roadworks; and
            (ii)  by December 31, 1992, the sales tax on diesel
                  fuel be increased to the same level as the sales
                  tax on gasoline fuel.
      (b)   For purposes of this Section:
            (i)   "road user charge on fuel" means the road user
Page  3
                  charge included in the retail price on gasoline
                  and diesel fuel; and
            (ii)  "road maintenance" means routine road
                  maintenance, including pavement strengthening and
                  excluding winter maintenance.
      Section 3.03. The Guarantor shall, through its appropriate
departments and agencies:
      (a)   by September 30, 1991, review with the Bank and the
republics and autonomous provinces the conclusions and
recommendations of the Bank's 1989-1990 study on deregulation and
development of land transport markets in Yugoslavia; and
      (b)   promptly thereafter, take all measures necessary to
carry out or cause to be carried out the recommendations of such
study in accordance with a timetable, all as shall be agreed with
the Bank.
      Section 3.04. The Guarantor shall, through its appropriate
departments and agencies:
      (a)   by September 30, 1991, carry out, on the basis of
objectives and terms of reference satisfactory to the Bank, a study
to review the measures necessary  to  reduce  noxious  vehicle
emissions;
      (b)   by December 31, 1991, review  with  the  Bank  the
conclusions and recommendations of such study; and
      (c)   promptly thereafter, carry out or cause to be carried
out the recommendations of such study in accordance with a
timetable, all as shall be agreed with the Bank.
                           ARTICLE IV
            Representative of the Guarantor; Addresses
      Section 4.01. The Federal SecretarY of Finance of the
Guarantor is designated as representative of the Guarantor for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Guarantor:
            Savezni Sekretarijat Za Finansije
            Omladinskih Brigada 1
            11070 Belgrade
            Yugoslavia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  SAVEZNI SEKRETARIJAT      11062 YU SIV
                  ZA FINANSIJE
                  Belgrade
      For the Bank:
            International Bank for
              Reconstruction and Development
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INTBAFRAD                197688 (TRT),
                  Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                            64145 (WUI) or
Page  4
                                            82987 (FTCC)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                  SOCIALIST FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF YUGOSLAVIA
                  By /s/ D. Mujezinovic
                                         Authorized Representative
                  INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR
                    RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
                  By /s/ E. Lui
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                              Europe, Middle East and North Africa
