Report No. PID8647
Project Name                     Colombia-Community Works and Employment (@)
Project (Manos a la Obra: Proyectos
Comunitarios)
Region                           Latin America and Caribbean Region
Sector                           Social Funds & Social Assistance;
Labor Markets & Employment
Project ID                       COPE68762
Borrower(s)                      GOVERNMENT OF COLOMBIA
Implementing Agency
Address DAPRE (ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENT
OF THE PRESIDENCY)
Contact Person: Manuel Salazar
Tel: (57-7) 334-9763; 334-4405; 334-0031
Fax: 57-1-334-0221
Email: mlsalazar@dnp.gov.co
Bogota, Colombia
Environment Category             B
Date PID Prepared                October 20, 2000
Projected Appraisal Date         March 21, 2000
Projected Board Date             May 11, 2000
1. Country and Sector Background
The economic crisis and its effects. Colombia is currently experiencing
one of the most difficult periods of its recent history, and its most
severe economic crisis in over sixty years. Economic activity is expected
to have declined by 4.5 percent in 1999; the economic crisis has led to a
historically high unemployment rate which reached 20 percent in urban
areas in September 1999. The fiscal deficit is expected to surpass 6
percent of GDP in 1999. While the recession has negatively affected
almost all productive sectors, the impact has been particularly severe in
construction and manufacturing, which contracted by 24 percent and 17
percent respectively between the second quarters of 1998 and 1999. In its
effort to implement the needed adjustment measures, the Government has
committed itself to a 7 percent real reduction in its budget for 2000 as
compared with its 1999 budget. The costs are expected to be concentrated
in investment expenditures and salaries.The economic crisis has a number
of implications for the population. One is its direct impact on welfare
through income reduction. In the short-term, this may affect nutrition,
access to health services and education; for children, these effects are
often irreversible. Recent surveys in urban areas found that Colombians
are reducing their food intake at all income levels, especially among the
poorest quintile. More than half (52 percent) of the households in this
quintile have reduced expenditure on food items. In addition, preliminary
results of a World Bank study in Cali show that 61 percent of the
households of the bottom quintile have suffered from hunger during the
past year. In the medium and longer term, income reduction may negatively
affect human capital, perpetuating the vicious cycle of poverty. Students
who withdraw from school to contribute to family income, for example,



seriously endanger their human capital. In the case of the unemployed,
long periods outside the labor market reduce future employability and also
contribute to the deterioration of human capital. An indirect effect of
economic crises relates to the impact of tightening of budgets for public
expenditures on coverage and the quality of essential public services in
health and education. For example, the rise in unemployment has led to a
huge reduction in the number of workers affiliated with the contributive
health insurance system. The decline appears to be more than 25 percent
in the last year alone. Moreover, reduced public health spending could
lead to delayed immunizations and heighten children's vulnerability to
disease. Finally, as highlighted in the recent Bank report, "Managing the
Social Dimension of Crises: Good Practices in Social Policy," economic
crises could provoke "breakdowns in family and social structures that can
lead to permanent declines in social cohesion and rises in family and
communal violence". In Colombia, where violence and social cohesion are
serious issues, this effect is of great concern.The structure of
unemployment. The above-mentioned unemployment rate of 20 percent is the
highest in Colombia's recorded history and far above its traditional
natural rate of 11 percent. Unemployment is higher among women than men
(23.2 percent vs. 16.4 percent). It is highest for those in the 15-19
year age-group (36.7 percent) and descends steeply and continuously with
age, reaching 8.7 percent for those 60-69 years of age. In terms of
educational attainment, workers with incomplete secondary school suffer
the highest rates (19.1 percent) of unemployment, while those with
completed college (0.9 percent) and without any education whatsoever (12.4
percent) experience the lowest rates. In terms of geographic
distribution, more than 80 percent of the unemployed are located in 78
municipalities with a population of 100,000 or more.Poverty and income
distribution. While economic crises affect people in all strata of life,
they can have a particularly devastating impact on those living below or
close to the poverty line. The current recession has especially affected
those in the most vulnerable families, which consist of the bottom
quintile of the income distribution. This group is in a particularly
precarious situation due to its limited human capital which constrains
people's ability to compete in the labor market during times of
recession. In addition, since they possess few physical assets and
financial savings, the loss of a job may lead to the disappearance of
their sole source of income. Finally, the lack of unemployment insurance
makes the poor particularly vulnerable to the economic crisis.Data
indicate that all of the gains of the first part of the present decade in
terms of poverty reduction have been lost as a result of the recession.
During the second half of this decade, extreme poverty -- defined in terms
of minimum food intake -- in the urban areas has increased by more than 4
percentage points, reaching 18.2 percent in the first quarter of 1999.
During the same period poverty, as measured by domestic standards,
increased by seven points, reaching a level of 60.4 percent.Income
inequality also rose dramatically from 1997 to 1999. The relative
earnings of the richest quintile with respect to the poorest went from
13.6 times in 1995 to 21.8 times in 1998; correspondingly the Gini
coefficient rose from 0.50 to 0.55. While the income of the fifth
quintile grew by more than 50 percent between 1990 and 1998, the poorest
quintile suffered a net loss of 20 percent during the same period.
Overall, as a result of the current economic recession, the welfare level
of the poorest quintile is substantially below that enjoyed by the same
group two decades ago. Public and social expenditures. During the 1990's,
-2 -



public expenditure on the social sectors as a proportion of GDP has more
than doubled, increasing from 3.8 percent of GDP in 1990 to a projected
7.7 percent for 1999. Public social expenditures comprise expenditures on
health, education, the Instituto Colombiano de Bienestar Familiar (ICBF),
and the national training institute (SENA), and do not include
expenditures on pensions. The increase is mainly due to the result of
larger transfers from the Central Government to departments and
municipalities, as stipulated by the 1991 Constitution, and a result of
the Government's policy of increasing coverage of social services.
Nevertheless, despite this dramatic increase, the level of public social
expenditure in Colombia remains low by Latin American standards. A
disaggregation of public social expenditures by sector shows that during
the 1990's, some changes in the composition of these transfers have taken
place, with the proportion directed towards health increasing at the
expense of spending on public education, whose participation in social
expenditures fell from 61 percent in 1990 to an estimated 54 percent in
1999. Over two-thirds of public spending on the social sectors now takes
place at the sub-national level. An important component of the GOC's
current adjustment program, whose goal is the reduction of the
non-financial public sector deficit, is the control of transfers to local
governments, which have grown at an average real rate of nearly 12 percent
annually during this decade. To this effect, a constitutional amendment
draft has been presented to Congress which proposes the maintenance of the
real value of transfers to local Governments at the level reached in 2002
(maximum proportion of current revenues). In other words, transfers would
increase annually with inflation, but their link to the Government's
current revenues would be severed. This and the projected resumption of
growth, explains the decline in the proportion of GDP directed to social
expenditures in the coming years. The need to rationalize government
expenditures, and the resulting tightening of budgetary constraints and
pressure on municipal and departmental transfers, highlights the
importance of protecting expenditures that target the most vulnerable
populations and the imperative of increasing the efficiency of social
sector expenditures. A number of initiatives are under consideration to
increase the efficiency of public expenditures, e.g. a reform of Law 60 to
introduce the concept of capitation (student enrollment) into the formulas
used to calculate transfers, rather than basing them on historical
expenditures which rely on teacher distribution, and merely reinforce
inequities in access to resources; these reforms, however, have progressed
rather slowly. Regarding the protection of expenditures for the most
vulnerable, the GOC has made it clear that an additional 0.3 percent of
GDP per year, over and above current public social expenditures, will be
targeted to the provision of social safety net programs during the next
three years (2000-2002).
2. Objectives
In order to alleviate the impact of the current economic crisis on the
poor and vulnerable population, the Project would finance small, labor
intensive public works to provide temporary employment to poor workers,
increase the net labor income of their families, and prevent deterioration
of living standards in poor communities.    Deterioration of living
standards in poor communities would be ameliorated not only through
increased income from temporary work but also through improved basic
services in poor communities. It is expected that at least 70 percent of
the workers hired by the Project would come from households in the first
- 3 -



quintile of the household income distribution. In addition, the projects
would be located in communities in the first and second quintiles, of the
Indice de Calidad de Vida (ICV).This employment generation project
contributes directly to the Government's evolving Red de Apoyo Social
(RAS) program to expand and strengthen Colombia's social safety net system
to respond better to the crisis. The Bank, IDB, and CAF are committed to
support the program through a series of lending operations and analytical
studies. The Bank, IDB and CAF lending operations are part of an agreement
reached with the Government of Colombia that will provide an additional
0.3 percent of GDP per year, from 2000-2002, over and above current public
social expenditures for a safety net project (about US$250-$300 million
annually). The Bank strategy is based on a three-pronged response
comprised of:    this emergency employment generation project; a
conditional income transfer project; and analytical work to support
Government efforts to protect the most vulnerable groups during this
crisis. To this end, the Bank plans to immediately follow this employment
generation loan of $100 million with another social safety net project of
$150 million, which would include welfare assistance components.
Meanwhile, the IDB, in close collaboration with the Bank, is preparing a
separate $250 million loan to be submitted to their Board around July 2000
to support complementary employment generation and welfare assistance
initiatives as well as a pilot training component for young adults.
3. Rationale for Bank's Involvement
Bank support adds value in several areas. First, given the Bank's
international experience and analysis of factors determining project
success, the mission was able to convince the Government to focus the
Project on a small number of strategic components. Second, as mentioned,
the design of Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios has specifically
benefited from the Bank's experience in Trabajar. The Government sent a
study tour, arranged by the Bank, to Argentina to learn from the
experience of Trabajar. Many of the lessons learned are reflected in the
design of the Project. Finally, the mission's cost-effectiveness analysis,
based on earlier studies of international programs by Bank staff, has
helped to focus Government attention on key issues that affect the ability
of the Project to reach its objectives efficiently.
4. Description
1. Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios Sub-Projects*
2. Project Management
3. Monitoring and Evaluation
4. Unallocated
5. Financing
Total ( US$m)
Government               2.98
IBRD                     100
IDA
LOCAL CONTRIBUTION       90
Total Project Cost       192.98
6. Implementation
Overall Project implementation responsibility. The Departamento
Administrativo de la Presidencia de la Republica through the Fondo de
- 4 -



Inversi6n para la Paz (DAPRE-FIP) or Investment for Peace Fund would be
responsible for Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios and other Red de
Apoyo Social (RAS) projects. To provide oversight of the FIP, the
Government has established a Board consisting of the heads of DAPRE, the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, DNP, and other departments.DAPRE-FIP would be
responsible not only for the RAS but also for other programs, which have
different objectives and agenda. Consequently, it has been agreed that
operationally and financially the RAS would be maintained separate from
the other FIP programs. To this effect, the RAS would have its own Bank
accounts and accounting system. Moreover, a Steering Committee, which
would be composed of high level representatives from stakeholders such as
the Departments of Planning, Education and Health as well as ICBF and
SENA, would be established to ensure that RAS operations are technically
sound and well coordinated. The principal responsibilities of the
Committee are to provide technical orientation, coordination of the
various RAS projects, and supervision of their performance.        A
National Coordinating Unit (NCU), which would be the Project management
unit with full-time and relatively autonomous staff, would be instituted
under the DAPRE-FIP. The NCU would be responsible for ensuring
implementation of project objectives and guidelines as well as loan
administration, including procurement, disbursement and accounting. The
DNP, which would be in charge of the actual monitoring and technical
review of the project's progress, would report its evaluation to the
Executive Committee. Most of the Project execution would be done through
outsourcing arrangements with several national and sub-national entities.
These arrangements would involve the Financiera de Desarrollo Territorial
(FINDETER, a local development bank) for sub-project evaluation and
selection; NGOs and EATs (Empresas Asociativas de Trabajo or workers'
cooperatives) acting as Sub-project Implementing Entities for managing
sub-projects and selecting/paying their workers; and a Management
Information System (MIS) company for keeping track of sub-projects and
workers. Municipal and departmental governments, NGOs, EATs and public
service companies are eligible to propose sub-projects. In the case of
municipalities, however, they will have to choose and work with an NGO or
EAT, which will act as a Sub-project Implementing Unit. Guidelines and
Manual of Operations. The functions and responsibilities of the above
project participants would be governed by several manuals, guidelines and
related documents. These include an Operations Manual (Project File) along
with other guidelines for sub-project identification, preparation,
selection, supervision, reporting, procurement and disbursement. The
experience of the Bank in similar programs in other countries (e.g.,
Argentina) has been used to improve such tasks as program definition,
scope, administrative systems, responsibilities, and monitoring.Apart from
various measures aimed at ensuring active beneficiary participation in the
choice of sub-projects and workers, several evaluation and screening
systems would be established to ensure that the works would be technically
sound and that they would comply with all of the applicable environmental,
operational and other criteria. The role of FINDETER in reviewing and
assisting in the approval of sub-projects within the program would be very
pivotal in the ensuring that sub-projects are well-prepared.In general,
eligible projects include minor construction, repair, expansion, or
remodeling of schools, health facilities, basic sanitation facilities,
cultural facilitie, small roads and bridges, culverts and canals,
environmental urban infrastructure, community centers, and pilot housing.
The Operations Manual describes eligible projects by type of sub-projects;
- 5 -



and for each type it defines in detail applicable restrictions, if any.
All sub-projects will be evaluated by professionals according to a
methodology specified in the Operations Manual. The assessment would
include economic, technical, financial, institutional, environmental and
social aspects. Guidelines on needed information to be submitted with
proposals are detailed in the Operations Manual. Unit costs for specific
types of sub-projects and a data base for updating them would be
established to guide their assessment. The size of the sub-project is
limited to between $20,000 - $100,000 and up to 50 workers, if it receives
financing of materials from the loan. If it does not, its cost could go up
to $150,000. Given that more than 80 percent of the unemployed are located
in 78 municipalities (these include municipalities with more than 100,000
inhabitants, departmental capitals and metropolitan areas), it was decided
to allocate 80 percent of the loan to these areas. The other 20 percent
would be earmarked for the rest of the municipalities. The project would
give economic assistance (wage contributions) of about $90 per month for
six hours of work per unskilled laborer working in approved sub-projects.
This is equivalent to about 70 percent of the take home minimum wage for
normal hours of work. The NCU would assign a budget for each region based
proportionally on the regional distribution of unemployment and poverty.
This quota system is aimed at preventing the concentration of project
benefits in a few regions. Within each region proposed sub-projects would
be evaluated, ranked and visited by the Regional FINDETER Office (Unidad
Regional de FINDETER or URF). The sub-project ranking system is based on
a formula that considers: the poverty strata of the localities in which a
sub-project would be undertaken (using the Indice de Calidad de Vida);
compliance with agreements regarding satisfactory delivery of funded
sub-projects; the labor-intensity of the proposed sub-projects; and the
amount of non-public sector contributions. The formula, described in the
Operations Manual, is designed to leverage the loan to maximize its effect
on employment and to ensure that the expected benefits would actually be
generated and directed to the poorest communities.The NCU would establish
a list of pre-qualified non-governmental entities based on agreed criteria
(included in the Operations Manual). The list will be an open
registration, which will be updated regularly. Sub-project funding would
require a "convenio" (agreement) among the FIP, the proponent and its
selected Sub-project Implementing Unit in accordance with the Operations
Manual. The agreement would follow a "Modelo de Convenio" acceptable to
the Bank. This model will be incorporated in the Operations Manual.
Supervisors would be hired by the NCU based on agreed terms of reference
to ensure technical quality and good management of the Project. They will
review the budget of the sub-projects, technical specifications,
compliance with environmental guidelines, and site visits during project
implementation . Guidelines will be included in the Operations Manual.A
management information system (MIS) would be established to ensure
reliable and quickly available information needed for monitoring of
sub-projects and efficient payment of salaries and minimization of abuses
(e.g. payment of "ghost workers" and non-completion of sub-projects). The
design of the MIS as well as operations will be outsourced based on
competitive bidding. Financial management. The National Coordination Unit
(NCU) under DAPRE-FIP will be responsible for maintaining project
management arrangements acceptable to the Bank. A LAC Financial Management
Officer (FMO), under supervision of a Financial Management Specialist
(FMS), has visited and assisted the Project Management Unit to establish a
project financial system as required by the Bank, per OP.BP 10.02 and to
- 6-



complete Bank financial requirements. Included among the requirements is
an Operations Manual for the Project. In this regard, it was recommended
that the Operations Manual should concretely specify internal controls
over project transactions, including control procedures for project flow
of funds. In addition, the Manual should include specific administrative
and accounting procedures to assure sufficient control and accurate
information.Just prior to negotiations, Bank financial assessment
indicated that the Project was not ready for immediate implementation.
Bank minimum financial management requirements has not been satisfied due
to the fact that the NCU has not yet been staffed and the Operations
Manual still needs some details regarding controls over project flow of
funds. The Operations Manual has now addressed many of the concerns
expressed in the financial management assessment report. In this regard,
the Government has agreed to a time-bound Action Plan designed to address
the remaining concerns described in the financial management report. The
conditions of effectiveness to which the Government has agreed to are
summarized in Section G (Main Loan Conditions). Fulfillment of these
conditions will ensure that Project funds can be accounted for opportunely
and that they will be used in accordance with the purposes of the
loan.Accounting, financial reporting and auditing arrangements. The
National Coordination Unit (NCU) under DAPRE-FIP will be responsible for
the management of project funds including national counterpart funds and
for keeping track of local counterpart resources. In order to assure
accurate and timely information about project funds, the NCU would install
an integrated financial system acceptable to the Bank. This system would
include planning, internal controls, accounting, and financial reporting.
Project Chart of Accounts would be structured accordingly.During each
year, the NCU shall prepare and submit to the Bank quarterly Project
Management Reports (PMRs) linking project expenditures to key monitoring
indicators of activities carried out during the quarter. The formats and
basis to produce those reports would be in accordance with the Bank's
Financial Management Manual and LACI procedures.In addition to PMRs,
external audits of project financial statements will be required on an
annual basis. Auditing of project accounts will be carried out by an
independent private sector firm acceptable to the Bank. A specific
shortlist of audit firms and Terms of Reference for audits (TOR) should be
prepared by the NCU and a no-objection letter should be issued by the
Bank. The Terms of Reference for audits has been prepared; however, it
would include evaluation of NGO/EAT performance based on specific audit
procedures.
Employment and payment of workers. Through an output-based contract, the
Sub-project Implementing Entities would receive contributions from the
project for salaries and, some cases, materials in return for undertaking
and satisfactorily completing agreed sub-projects. No employer-employee
relationship between the Project and the workers will be established
either explicitly or implicitly. The selection and payment of workers
would be the responsibility of the contractors. It is assumed in good
faith that they will comply with Colombian labor laws. Under this
arrangement, the Project would pay Sub-project Implementing Entities fees
for management services. It has been agreed, however, that not more than
10. of the loan amount would be used to finance these fees and other
administrative expenses. Much of the cost of these services could be
avoided, if municipalities were allowed to directly execute sub-projects.
The Government, however, stressed that the use of NGO or EAT management
services is necessary to reduce political manipulation and corruption.Wage
-7 -



contributions to workers for approved sub-projects would be paid monthly
to Sub-project Implementing Entities. Only workers with "cedula" (national
identity number), which by law is required of persons 18 years old and
over, would be paid. Government would make an effort to facilitate rapid
acquisition of valid identification cards. Other than the requirements
that a worker should have a "cedula", a non-student status, and a SISBEN 1
or 2 classification, there are no other restrictions on who can be hired
by the sub-projects. Information in the MIS would be used to control and
cross-check the payroll.
7. Sustainability
This Project is an emergency response to the rise in unemployment due to
the economic crisis. Unlike standard Bank projects, therefore, Manos a la
Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios is expected to fade away, as normal
employment levels return. At the end of the three-year project period, it
is expected that the unemployment rate would be significantly lower than
it is today, because of the reforms that the Government is currently
pushing to solve the economic crisis. These reforms, whose implementation
is being facilitated by this project, are expected to stimulate economic
growth and, therefore, increase employment. Still, it remains uncertain
whether the unemployment rate will go down to historically low levels
three years from now. If it does not, Manos a la Obra: Proyectos
Comunitarios , if it works well, would probably be continued by the
Government (as has been Argentina's experience with Trabajar) -- perhaps
at a scaled down level. If on the contrary it does, the Bank and the
Government will have to discuss how to make use of the "software" and
experience developed by Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios to enable
the Government to more quickly respond to emergency employment demands in
the future. The bottom line is that a successful implementation of the
Project would encourage the Government to include workfare (as enriched by
Colombia's experience with Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios) in its
arsenal of weapons for providing emergency assistance to the poor. The
sub-projects would likely be sustained after project completion. The
process of identification, evaluation, selection, implementation and
supervision of Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios sub-projects is
designed so that proposals that are not technically, economically, and
financially viable are screened out. Equally important, the Project would
seek to encourage local participation in the identification and
preparation of proposals in order to build local ownership and interest in
completing, operating and maintaining sub-projects funded by the program.
Finally, the cost of operations and maintenance of the sub-projects is
projected to be small on the whole. (Annex 5).
8. Lessons learned from past operations in the country/sector
There is broad experience with labor intensive public works programs aimed
at generating employment. The lessons from this experience are succinctly
summarized in the aforementioned IBRD paper, "Managing the Social
Dimensions of the Crises: Good Practices in Social Policy." These lessons,
which are reflected in the design of the Project and the choice of
workfare as an instrument for strengthening Colombia's social safety net,
are: (i) Workfare has several intuitively appealing features. It does not
provide disincentives to work. It also enables the positive features of
workforce participation to be maintained and thus, possibly, aids social
cohesion.(ii) Workfare programs can be considered cost-effective only if,
in addition to serving as a self-targeting mechanism for distributing cash
- 8 -



in the form of wages (or food, in food-for-works programs), the public
works provide substantial benefits in themselves. It is possible to target
the works performed so that the assets created benefit the poor in the
long run. Given the costs for administration, equipment and materials,
skilled labor, and targeting errors and allowing for foregone earnings,
the share of a dollar spent that reaches the target group in net benefit
is low. It is often on the order of 20 to 30 cents.(iii) It is possible
to get good rates of return with labor-intensive methods; however, the
labor share is likely to be no more than 40-60 percent in a large
portfolio of sound projects.(iv) The higher the share of unskilled labor
in total costs, the greater will be the contribution to current
benefits.(v) If the wage is set at a low level (at or below the effective
market wage for heavy, unskilled labor), only the poor will choose to work
on the jobs, and errors of inclusion will tend to be low.(vi) Good
workfare programs are complex to run, and hence, they require good
preparation. Additional lessons are further reflected in the decision to
keep the objective of Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios limited in
scope and to include in the next project complementary approaches, such as
conditional income transfers, to both broaden and strengthen Colombia's
social safety net. These lessons are:(vii) Labor-intensive public works
programs have rarely employed a very large fraction of the poor -- e.g.,
the Maharashtra Employment Guarantee scheme in the 1980s, widely regarded
as one of the most successful and relatively large public works scheme,
did not cover more that 18 percent of households in the bottom income
quintile.(viii) Workfare programs do not help all groups -- they are not
suitable instruments to reach the elderly or children; they usually do not
reach the working poor, for whom the opportunity costs of participating
are higher; and explicit design features need to be incorporated to get
substantial rates of participation by women. The above lessons are
consistent with the observations of the project's study team that went to
Argentina to study that country's Trabajar program.
9. Program of Targeted Intervention (PTI)     Y
10. Environment Aspects (including any public consultation)
Issues     :  During project preparation, Bank environmental
specialists and consultants worked closely with the borrower to insure
that project's design is consistent with Bank environmental guidelines and
policies. The borrower has completed an Environmental Guidebook (EG)
which identifies key environmental issues and sets in place a process to
insure compliance with Colombian laws along with mitigating potential
environmental impacts. The Borrower has also included detailed
environmental criteria in the two key sub-project documents: the Manual de
Evaluaci6n Ex-Ante de Proyectos and the Manual de Preparaci6n y
Presentaci6n de Proyectos Manos a la Obra: Proyectos Comunitarios. A
summary of the EG can be found in Annex ll.The sub-project investments
that would be financed under the Loan are expected to be small (about
$50,000 on average) with a cost ceiling of US$150,000 per sub-project. No
major infrastructure works would be undertaken. Investments would include
neighborhood improvement, water supply connections, road improvement and
building construction (health centers, housing, schools and recreational
facilities). All investments would be subject to an environmental
screening process to insure compliance with Colombian environmental laws,
including recently enacted legislation on land use planning. None of the
proposed project site locations are near National Parks/protected areas or
-9-



areas where indigenous peoples reside. Also, sub-projects which are
proposed in high risk locations such as flood plains and areas of high
earthquake risk will be rejected. A completed list of sub-project types
can be found in Annex 11. The GOC recognizes that even small
infrastructure investments so crucial to the economic recovery should
comply with national environmental laws. This is especially important in
poor urban and rural areas where public health and environmental
conditions are often more serious than in the middle and upper class
neighborhoods. At the same time, new investments such as those
contemplated in this project would provide the opportunity to redress some
of the most pressing environmental problems. To the extent possible the
results of project investments should have an overall positive impact on
neighborhood environmental conditions. Community level environmental
sub-projects such as the development or recovery of public green space
would be eligible for funding. In order to insure adequate environmental
analysis and sub-project monitoring, the Project would hire during the
first year an Environmental Specialist as a regular Consultant who would
be based in the National Coordinating Unit (NCU). In year 2 and 3, the
Specialist would be hired as a consultant as needed. The requirements of
the position will include solid background on the legal and institutional
framework currently in place in Colombia, along with previous experience
with environmental management and training. The Specialist will be
responsible for providing environmental oversight on sub-project approval
and implementation. He will make sub-project site visits, review
sub-project assessments and approvals undertaken by the FINDETER
evaluators, and be available as a resource person on environmental issues
related to project implementation. The Specialist will also be the key
resource person for both the NCU and FINDETER on environmental screening
and review procedures along with similar procedures identified in each
participating municipality's POT (Plan Ordenamiento Territorial). In
addition, the Specialist will oversee the implementation of the
environmental training program that all sub-project evaluators will be
required to take prior to assuming their positions with FINDETER. The
Specialist will provide substantive input on environmental sub-project
criteria to the Project team charged with overseeing the promotion of the
Project throughout Colombia. Specific terms of reference for the
Specialist have been included in the final version of both the EG and OM.
Environmental criteria will be fully incorporated into the project's
monitoring and evaluation plan. During project supervision, required site
visits will include an assessment of environmental impact. FINDETER, with
support from national, regional and local environmental agencies, will
introduce specific sectoral environmental guides and manuals into
communities to help them to improve neighborhood level environmental
management. Various government agencies including the Ministry of
Environment has prepared guides/manuals for: (i) housing/building
construction; (ii) materials transport/roads; (iii) civil works; (iv)
water supply and sewer systems; (v) solid and liquid waste management; and
(vi) natural resources use and exploitation.FINDETERUnder current
operating guidelines, FINDETER is responsible for insuring that
infrastructure investments are screened for environmental impact by the
legally responsible agencies (national, regional or urban). FINDETER's
management has the capacity to review proposed investments to insure that
project proponents have adhered to the legally binding screening and
review process. Proponents must submit, as needed, documents such as
environmental licenses, permits and management plans before an investment
- 10 -



project can be approved for funding. FINDETER is currently receiving
support from the Bank under loan CO-PE 6861, Colombia Second Municipal
Development project. Component 3 (Institutional Strengthening) of that
loan provides support to FINDETER to improve its overall project
management capacity. One of the activities which has been undertaken was
the preparation of a plan to improve its capacity to review compliance
with environmental laws and to evaluate on an ongoing basis the
environmental performance of investment projects. It is expected that
resources will be directed at developing monitoring and evaluation
methodologies and information systems for assessing environmental
performance.
11. Contact Point:
Task Manager
Vicente B. Paqueo
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington D.C. 20433
12. For information on other project related documents contact:
The InfoShop
The World Bank
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, D.C. 20433
Telephone: (202) 458-5454
Fax:        (202) 522-1500
Web: http:// www.worldbank.org/infoshop
Note: This is information on an evolving project. Certain components may
not be necessarily included in the final project.
This PID was processed by the InfoShop during the week ending October
20, 2000.



