Page  1
                                         CONFORMED COPY
                       Agreement
                        between
     NORWEGIAN AGENCY FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
                          and
         INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                          for
          the Administration of Certain Funds
               to be made available by
     NORWEGIAN AGENCY FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
           for financing Economic Management
               (The Republic of Zambia)
                Dated November 7, 1991
                       AGREEMENT
     AGREEMENT dated as of November 7, 1991, between the
NORWEGIAN AGENCY FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION (hereinafter
referred to as NORAD) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (hereinafter referred to as the Association).
     WHEREAS: (A) the Association intends to enter into
an agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Development
Credit Agreement) with the Republic of Zambia
(hereinafter referred to as Zambia) in which the
Association will make available to Zambia a credit for an
Economic Recovery Program (hereinafter referred to as the
Program);
     (B)  NORAD wishes to make available a grant in an
amount equivalent to one million two hundred thousand
dollars ($1,200,000) to assist Zambia finance the cost of
consultants to advise the government of Zambia on
economic management and will in the near future enter
into an agreement with Zambia for this purpose; and
Page  2
     (C)  the Association, at the request of NORAD, has
agreed to administer the grant upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
     NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
                       ARTICLE I
              Administration of the Funds
     Section 1.01. For the purpose of this Agreement
NORAD shall deposit an amount of US Dollars 1,200,000
(the Grant) in the "T" Account maintained in the name of
the Association with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
(hereinafter referred to as the Trust Account). The funds
in the Trust Account shall be freely exchangeable by the
Association with other currencies as may facilitate their
administration hereunder.
     (b)  The Grant shall be deposited into the Trust
Account promptly after the effectiveness of this
Agreement. To facilitate the administration of trust fund
assets, the Association may deposit other trust fund
assets in the Trust Account.
     Section 1.02. NORAD hereby appoints the Association
as administrator of the Grant and authorizes the
Association to: (a) hold and disburse the proceeds of the
Grant thereof towards meeting the costs of consultants to
assist Zambia in economic management; and (b) do any and
all such acts and things as may be necessary or
appropriate to fully accomplish the foregoing.
     Section 1.03. The Association shall exercise the
same care in the discharge of its functions hereunder as
it exercises with respect to the administration and
management of its own affairs and shall have no further
responsibility to NORAD in respect thereof.
     Section 1.04. The Association may invest and
reinvest the Grant in the Trust Account pending its
withdrawal pursuant to Section 1.02 of this Agreement,
and may retain for its own account the income from such
investment or reinvestment to assist in the defrayal of
the costs of administration of the Grant.
                      ARTICLE II
                   Records, Accounts
     Section 2.01. The Association shall: (a) maintain
separate records and ledger accounts of the Grant
withdrawn from the Trust Account; and (b) when all the
Grant has been withdrawn from the Trust Account, prepare
a financial statement duly authorized by the
Association's external auditors with respect to the Trust
Account and forward a copy to NORAD.
                      ARTICLE III
                     Consultation
     Section 3.01. NORAD and the Association shall
consult from time to time at the request of each other on
all matters arising from this Agreement and other matters
of common interest to them in fulfilling the objectives
of the Grant.
                      ARTICLE IV
              Effectiveness, Termination
Page  3
     Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective
upon signatures by the parties.
     Section 4.02. If at any time it appears to either
party that the purposes of this Agreement cannot
effectively or appropriately be carried out, the
arrangements set forth herein may be terminated at the
initiative of such party on thirty days' notice in
writing to the other. Upon such termination, unless NORAD
and the Association otherwise agree, any of the Grant
funds held hereunder by the Association shall be returned
to NORAD and the Association's administration shall be
considered terminated.
     Section 4.03. The Agreement shall terminate when the
Grant amount has been withdrawn and applied by the
Association as provided in Section 1.02 of this
Agreement.
                       ARTICLE V
                     Miscellaneous
     Section 5.01. This Agreement may be amended only by
written agreement of the parties hereto.
     Section 5.02. Any notice or request required or
permitted to be given or made under this Agreement and
any agreement between the parties contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing. Such notice or request
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when it
shall be delivered by hand or mail, telephone, cable,
telex or rapidfax to the party to which it is required or
permitted to be given or made at such party's address
hereinafter specified or at such other address as such
party shall have designated by notice to the party giving
notice or making such request. The addresses so specified
are:
     For NORAD:
          Norwegian Agency for Development
            Cooperation
          P.O. Box 8114, Dep. 0032
          Oslo 1
          Norway
          Cable address:           Telex:
               NORAD-N                  74256 NORAD-N
     For the Association:
          International Development Association
          1818 H Street N.W.
          Washington, D.C. 20433
          United States of America
          Cable address:           Telex:
               INDEVAS                  197688 (TRT),
               Washington, D.C.         248423 (RCA),
                                         64145 (WUI) or
                                         82987 (FTCC)
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting
through their duly authorized representatives, have
caused this Agreement to be signed in their respective
names as of the day and year first above written.
Page  4
               NORWEGIAN AGENCY FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION
               By /s/ Lasse Aasland
                              Authorized Representative
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
               By /s/ Ismail Serageldin
                         Acting Regional Vice President
                                                 Africa
