Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                    FINLAND GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2214 ZA
                    (Economic Recovery Credit)
                             between
                      THE REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                               and
              INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 as Administrator of Grant Funds
                         Provided by the
                        REPUBLIC OF FINLAND
                    Dated February 26, 1992
                    FINLAND GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2214 ZA
                      FINLAND GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated February 26, 1992, between THE REPUBLIC OF
ZAMBIA (the Recipient) and the INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIA-
TION, as Administrator (the Administrator) of Grant Funds Provided
by REPUBLIC OF FINLAND (Finland).
      WHEREAS: (A) the Recipient has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and Finland
in the financing of the Economic Recovery Credit (the Project)
referred to in the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement
Number 2214-ZA, dated March 13, 1991, between the Recipient and the
Association (the Development Credit Agreement);
      (B)   the Association has granted a Credit for this purpose on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Development Credit
Agreement;
      (C)   Finland wishes to make available to the Recipient a
grant in an amount up to Finnish Markkaa 9,479,000 (the Finland
Grant) to assist the Recipient in carrying out the Project on the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;
Page  2
      (D)   pursuant to an agreement, dated November 25, 1991,
between Finland and the Association, Finland has requested the
Association, and the Association has agreed, to administer the
Finland Grant in accordance with the provisions of such agreement;
and
      (E)   the Recipient acknowledges that the financial assistance
extended to the Recipient under an agreement (the Finland Grant
Agreement) shall be considered as part of the bilateral development
aid extended by Finland to the Recipient;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                            ARTICLE I
                 General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to Develop-
ment Credit Agreements", dated January 1, 1985 (the General
Conditions), constitute an integral part of this Agreement, subject,
however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association, acting
as Administrator of the Finland Grant, pursuant to the arrangements
between Finland and the Association referred to in the Preamble to
this Agreement, except in the phrase "member of the Association" in
Section 2.01 (5) and Section 6.02 (e);
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", wherever used
in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", wherever used in the General Condi-
tions, means the Finland Grant extended to the Recipient under this
Agreement;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", wherever used in the General
Conditions, shall be amended to read "Finland Grant Account";
      (e)   Section 2.01 shall be modified to read:
                  "Section 2.01. 'Project' means the goods that may
            be financed out of the proceeds of the Finland Grant as
            provided in Section 2.02 (a) of the Finland Grant Agree-
            ment."
      (f)   Section 4.01 shall be modified to read:
                 "Section 4.01. Withdrawals from the Finland Grant
            Account shall be made in Finnish Markkaa; provided,
            however, that, if the expenditures to be financed out of
            the proceeds of the Finland Grant have been paid or are
            payable in another currency, the Administrator shall, at
            the request of the Recipient and at the time of a
            withdrawal from the Finland Grant Account, purchase such
            currency with the proceeds of such withdrawal."
      (g)   in Section 6.02, the term "Association" shall also
include the International Development Association acting in its own
capacity;
      (h)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose between the Recipient and the Administrator, the
            Recipient shall prepare and furnish to the Administrator
            a report of such scope and in such detail, as the
            Administrator shall reasonably request, on the execution
            of the Project referred to in the Preamble to the
            Finland Grant Agreement, the performance by the Recipi-
            ent and the Administrator of their respective obliga-
Page  3
            tions under the Finland Grant Agreement, and the
            accomplishment of the purposes of the Finland Grant.";
      (i)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04,
4.05, 4.06, 6.02 (a), 6.02 (c), 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a), 12.02 and
12.05 are deleted; and
      (j)   the term "Borrower", wherever used in the General
Conditions, means the Recipient.
      Section 1.02. Wherever used in this Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires, the several terms defined in the General
Conditions, the Preamble to this Agreement and the Development
Credit Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth.
                           ARTICLE II
                            The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Recipient, on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to
herein, a grant in an amount of up to nine million four hundred
seventy nine thousand Finnish Markkaa (FM 9,479,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Finland Grant may be
withdrawn from the Finland Grant Account in accordance with the
provisions of Schedule 1 to the Development Credit Agreement. The
Finland Grant shall be used to finance goods imported by the
Recipient and to reimburse the Recipient for goods already imported
into Zambia.
      Section 2.03. (a) Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, contracts for goods to be financed out of the proceeds of the
Finland Grant shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 2 to the Development Credit Agreement.
      (b)   If the Administrator shall have reasonably determined
that the procurement of any item is inconsistent with the procedures
set forth or referred to in paragraph (a) above, no expenditures for
any such item shall be financed out of the proceeds of the Finland
Grant, and the Administrator may, by notice to the Recipient,
without in any way restricting or limiting any other right, power or
remedy of the Administrator under this Agreement, cancel such amount
of the Finland Grant as, in the Administrator's reasonable opinion,
represents the amount of such expenditures which would otherwise
have been eligible for financing out of the proceeds of the Finland
Grant.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 1993, or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Recipient of such later
date.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
Articles III and IV of the Development Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as
if they were fully set forth herein. All references to the Associa-
tion in said Articles are deemed to be references to the
Administrator of the Finland Grant under this Agreement; all
references to the Credit and the Credit Account are deemed to be
references to the Finland Grant and the Finland Grant Account,
respectively, and all references to the Borrower are deemed to be
references to the Recipient.
                            ARTICLE IV
                Representation; Transfer of Rights
                          and Obligations
Page  4
      Section 4.01. The Minister of Finance of the Recipient shall
be the representative of the Recipient for the purposes of Sec-
tion 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions:
      For the Recipient:
            Ministry of Finance
            P.O. Box 50062
            Lusaka
            Zambia
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  MINFIN                    42221
                                          Telefax:
                                             222440
      For the Administrator:
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington, D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                   Telex:
                 INDEVAS                        248423 (RCA)
                 Washington, D.C.                64145 (WUI)
                                                197688 (TRT) or
                                                 82987 (FTCC)
      Section 4.03. In accordance with the agreement referred to in
the Preamble to this Agreement, the rights and obligations of the
Administrator under this Agreement may be transferred to Finland.
The Recipient accepts and agrees that, upon notice to that effect by
the Administrator to the Recipient, Finland shall, ipso facto, from
the date specified in such notice, be substituted in all rights and
obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement as if Finland
had been an original party to this Agreement, without any further
action or formality required on the part of any party, and, from
such date, the Administrator shall cease to have any rights or
obligations as a party under this Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Effectiveness; Termination
      Section 5.01. This Agreement shall come into effect on the
date on which it is signed, and it shall continue in effect until
the Finland Grant has been fully disbursed and the parties to this
Agreement have fulfilled their obligations hereunder.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this
Agreement to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                        THE REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                        By /s/ L. Kapambwe
                                         Authorized Representative
Page  5
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        as Administrator of Grant Funds
                        Provided by the
                        REPUBLIC OF FINLAND
                        By /s/ Edward V. K. Jaycox
                                           Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
