Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                  NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2214-ZA
                    (Economic Recovery Credit)
                              between
                        REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                 as Administrator on behalf of the
                GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                      Dated January 13, 1992
                  NORWEGIAN GRANT RELATED TO CREDIT NUMBER 2214-ZA
                    DEVELOPMENT GRANT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated January 13, 1992, between REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
(the Recipient) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, acting as
Administrator (the Administrator) of a Grant provided by the
Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation representing the
Kingdom of Norway (Norway).
      WHEREAS, the Recipient has requested the assistance of the
International Development Association (the Association) and of
Norway in the financing of an Economic Recovery Credit (the Project)
described in the Preamble to the Development Credit Agreement dated
March 13, 1991, between the Recipient and the Association (IDA
Credit Agreement).
      WHEREAS in consideration of the above-mentioned request,
Norway shall, subject to Parliamentary appropriations, open a trust
account and deposit therein an amount not exceeding one million two
hundred thousand dollars ($1,200,000) (the Norwegian Grant) and has,
pursuant to an agreement dated November 7, 1991, between Norway and
the Association, (the Administration Agreement), appointed the
Association as Administrator of the said Trust Account for the
purpose of providing assistance to the Recipient;
      WHEREAS, the Recipient acknowledges that the financial assis-
tance extended to the Recipient under this Agreement shall be
considered as part of the bilateral development aid extended by
Page  2
Norway to the Recipient; and
      WHEREAS, the Association, as Administrator as hereinbefore
mentioned has agreed on the basis, inter alia, of the foregoing to
extend the Norwegian Grant to the Recipient upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The parties to this Agreement accept all the
provisions of the "General Conditions Applicable to Development
Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated January 1, 1985, with
the same force and effect as if they were fully set forth herein,
subject, however, to the following modifications thereof:
      (a)   the term "Association", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the International Development Association acting
as Administrator of the Norwegian Grant pursuant to the provisions
of the Administration Agreement;
      (b)   the term "Development Credit Agreement", whenever used
in the General Conditions, means this Agreement;
      (c)   the term "Credit", whenever used in the General
Conditions, means the Norwegian Grant hereunder;
      (d)   the term "Credit Account", whenever used in the General
Conditions or in this Agreement means the Account opened by the
Association in its books in the name of the Recipient to which the
amount of the Norwegian Grant is credited;
      (e)   Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04, 3.05, 4.01, 4.02, 4.03, 4.04,
4.06, 6.05, 7.01, 8.01 (a) and 12.05 of the General Conditions are
deleted;
      (f)   in Sections 6.02 and 7.01 of the General Conditions, the
term "Association" shall include also the Association acting in its
own capacity; and
      (g)   Section 9.06 (c) shall be modified to read:
                  "(c) Not later than six months after the Closing
            Date or such later date as may be agreed for this
            purpose between the Recipient and the Administrator, the
            Recipient shall prepare and furnish to the Administrator
            a report, of such scope and in such detail as the
            Administrator shall reasonably request, on the execution
            of the Project, the performance by the Recipient and the
            Administrator of their respective obligations under the
            Norwegian Grant Agreement and the accomplishment of the
            purposes of the Norwegian Grant.".
                            ARTICLE II
                             The Grant
      Section 2.01. The Administrator agrees to extend to the
Recipient, on the terms and conditions herein set forth or referred
to, a grant in an amount of one million two hundred thousand dollars
($1,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Norwegian Grant may be
withdrawn from the Norwegian Grant Account for expenditures made (or
if the Administrator shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the
reasonable cost of goods and services required for the Project.
      (b)   Withdrawals from the Norwegian Grant Account shall be
made in the respective currencies in which the expenditures to be
Page  3
financed out of the proceeds of the Norwegian Grant have been paid
or are payable or, at the option of the Association, in Norwegian
Kroner.
      Section 2.03. Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, procurement of the goods and services required for the
Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Norwegian
Grant shall be procured in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 3 to the IDA Credit Agreement.
      Section 2.04. The Closing Date shall be January 1, 1994, or
such later date as the Administrator shall establish. The
Administrator shall promptly notify the Recipient of such later
date.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. Except as the Administrator shall otherwise
agree, Articles III and IV of the IDA Credit Agreement are hereby
incorporated into this Agreement with the same force and effect as
if they were fully set forth herein, it being understood that all
references in such Articles III and IV to the "Association" shall be
deemed to be references to the Association, as Administrator on
behalf of the Government of the Kingdom of Norway under this
Agreement, all references to the "Development Credit Agreement"
shall be deemed to be references to this Development Grant Agreement
and all references to the "Credit" shall be deemed to be references
to the Norwegian Grant.
                            ARTICLE IV
                    Effectiveness; Termination;
                          Representation
      Section 4.01. This Agreement shall become effective upon
signature.
      Section 4.02. This Agreement and all obligations of the
Recipient and the Administrator hereunder shall terminate on the
date on which the IDA Credit Agreement or the Grant Agreement shall
terminate in accordance with its terms, whichever is the first.
      Section 4.03. The representative designated in Section 6.01 of
the IDA Credit Agreement shall be the representative of the
Recipient for the purposes of Section 11.03 of the General
Conditions.
      Section 4.04. The addresses specified in Section 6.02 of the
IDA Credit Agreement shall be the addresses specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions.
      Section 4.05. All the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any cancellation
or suspension under the IDA Credit Agreement.
                             ARTICLE V
                Transfer of Rights and Obligations
      Section 5.01. In accordance with the Administration Agreement,
the rights and obligations of the Administrator under this Agreement
may be transferred to Norway. The Recipient accepts and agrees that,
upon notice by the Administrator to the Recipient to that effect,
Norway shall, ipso facto, from the date specified in such notice, be
substituted in all rights and obligations of the Administrator under
this Agreement as if Norway had been an original party to this
Agreement, without any further action or formality required on the
part of any party, and from such date the Administrator shall cease
to have any rights or obligations as a party under this Agreement.
Page  4
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
representatives thereunto duly authorized, have caused this Agree-
ment to be signed in their respective names in the District of
Columbia, United States of America, as of the day and year first
above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA
                        By /s/ Paul Lusaka
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION,
                          as ADMINISTRATOR on behalf of the
                        GOVERNMENT OF THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY
                        By /s/ F. J. Aguirre-Sacasa
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
