Page  1
                                                    CONFORMED COPY
                                            CREDIT NUMBER 2557 MLI
                   Development Credit Agreement
             (National Agricultural Research Project)
                              between
                         REPUBLIC OF MALI
                                and
               INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                       Dated March 11, 1994
                                               CREDIT NUMBER 2557 MLI
                   DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT
      AGREEMENT, dated March 11, 1994, between REPUBLIC OF MALI (the
Borrower) and INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION (the
Association).
      WHEREAS the Borrower, having satisfied itself as to the
feasibility and priority of the Project described in Schedule 2 to
this Agreement, has requested the Association to assist in the
financing of the Project;
      WHEREAS the Association has agreed, on the basis, inter alia,
of the foregoing, to extend the Credit to the Borrower upon the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
      NOW THEREFORE the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
                             ARTICLE I
                  General Conditions; Definitions
      Section 1.01. The "General Conditions Applicable to
Development Credit Agreements" of the Association, dated
January 1, 1985, with the last sentence of Section 3.02 deleted (the
General Conditions) constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
      Section 1.02. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
several terms defined in the General Conditions and in the Preamble
to this Agreement have the respective meanings therein set forth and
Page  2
the following additional terms have the following meanings:
      (a)   "CNRA" means the Borrower's Comithungarumlaut National de la
Recherche Agronomique established pursuant to Decree No. 93 384/P-RM
of October 14, 1993;
      (b)   "IER" means the Borrower's Institut d'Economie Rurale,
established pursuant to Law 93-066 of November 24, 1993, and
pursuant to Decree 93-420/P-RM of November 24, 1993;
      (c)   "Strategic Plan" means the Borrower's Strategic Plan for
National Agricultural Research adopted by the Borrower's Council of
Ministers of December 4, 1991;
      (d)   "CPS" means Cellule de Planification Statistique within
the Borrower's Ministry of Rural Development;\0c(e)"Research Users" means the dire
ct research beneficiaries
such as farmers and agricultural products processors;
      (f)   "Project Preparation Advance" means the project
preparation advances granted by the Association to the Borrower
pursuant to exchange of letters dated January 15, 1992 and
September 13, 1993 between the Borrower and the Association; and
      (g)   "Special Account" means the accounts referred to in
Section 2.02 (b) of this Agreement.
                            ARTICLE II
                            The Credit
      Section 2.01. The Association agrees to lend to the Borrower,
on the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the
Development Credit Agreement, an amount in various currencies
equivalent to fourteen million two hundred thousand Special Drawing
Rights (SDR 14,200,000).
      Section 2.02. (a) The amount of the Credit may be withdrawn
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of
Schedule 1 to this Agreement for expenditures made (or, if the
Association shall so agree, to be made) in respect of the reasonable
cost of goods and services required for the Project described in
Schedule 2 to this Agreement and to be financed out of the proceeds
of the Credit.
      (b)   The Borrower shall, for the purposes of the Project,
open and maintain in CFAF two special deposit accounts (special
account A for CNRA and special account B for IER) in a commercial
bank on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Association,
including appropriate protection against set-off, seizure or
attachment. Deposits into, and payments out of, the Special Account
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 5 to
this Agreement.
      (c)   Promptly after the Effective Date, the Association
shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit Account
and pay to itself the amount required to repay the principal amount
of the Project Preparation Advance withdrawn and outstanding as of
such date and to pay all unpaid charges thereon. The unwithdrawn
balance of the authorized amount of the Project Preparation Advance
shall thereupon be cancelled.
      Section 2.03. The Closing Date shall be December 31, 2001 or
such later date as the Association shall establish. The Association
shall promptly notify the Borrower of such later date.
      Section 2.04. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
commitment charge on the principal amount of the Credit not
withdrawn from time to time at a rate to be set by the Association
as of June 30 of each year, but not to exceed the rate of one-half
of one percent (1/2 of 1%) per annum.
Page  3
      (b)   The commitment charge shall accrue: (i) from the date
sixty days after the date of this Agreement (the accrual date) to
the respective dates on which amounts shall be withdrawn by the
Borrower from the Credit Account or cancelled; and (ii) at the rate
set as of the June 30 immediately preceding the accrual date or at
such other rates as may be set from time to time thereafter pursuant
to paragraph (a) above. The rate set as of June 30 in each year
shall be applied from the next payment date in that year specified
in Section 2.06 of this Agreement.
      (c)   The commitment charge shall be paid: (i) at such places
as the Association shall reasonably request; (ii) without
restrictions of any kind imposed by, or in the territory of, the
Borrower; and (iii) in the currency specified in this Agreement for
the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General Conditions or in such
other eligible currency or currencies as may from time to time be
designated or selected pursuant to the provisions of that Section.
      Section 2.05. The Borrower shall pay to the Association a
service charge at the rate of three-fourths of one percent (3/4 of
1%) per annum on the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and
outstanding from time to time.
      Section 2.06. Commitment charges and service charges shall be
payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 in each year.
      Section 2.07. (a) Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the
Borrower shall repay the principal amount of the Credit in semi-
annual installments payable on each May 1 and November 1 commencing
May 1, 2004 and ending November 1, 2033. Each installment to, and
including the installment payable on November 1, 2013, shall be one
percent (1%) of such principal amount, and each installment
thereafter shall be two percent (2%) of such principal amount.
      (b)   Whenever: (i) the Borrower's gross national product per
capita, as determined by the Association, shall have exceeded $790
in constant 1985 dollars for five consecutive years; and (ii) the
Bank shall consider the Borrower creditworthy for Bank lending, the
Association may, subsequent to the review and approval thereof by
the Executive Directors of the Association and after due
consideration by them of the development of the Borrower's economy,
modify the terms of repayment of installments under paragraph (a)
above by requiring the Borrower to repay twice the amount of each
such installment not yet due until the principal amount of the
Credit shall have been repaid. If so requested by the Borrower, the
Association may revise such modification to include, in lieu of some
or all of the increase in the amounts of such installments, the
payment of interest at an annual rate agreed with the Association on
the principal amount of the Credit withdrawn and outstanding from
time to time, provided that, in the judgment of the Association,
such revision shall not change the grant element obtained under the
above-mentioned repayment modification.
      (c)   If, at any time after a modification of terms pursuant
to paragraph (b) above, the Association determines that the
Borrower's economic condition has deteriorated significantly, the
Association may, if so requested by the Borrower, further modify the
terms of repayment to conform to the schedule of installments as
provided in paragraph (a) above.
      Section 2.08. The currency of the French Republic is hereby
specified for the purposes of Section 4.02 of the General
Conditions.
                            ARTICLE III
                     Execution of the Project
      Section 3.01. (a) The Borrower declares its commitment to the
objectives of the Project as set forth in Schedule 2 to this
Agreement, and, to this end, shall carry out the Project  through
CNRA and IER with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
Page  4
with appropriate administrative, financial, and agricultural
research practices, and shall provide, promptly as needed, the
funds, facilities, services and other resources required for the
Project.
      (b)   Without limitation upon the provisions of paragraph (a)
of this Section and except as the Borrower and the Association shall
otherwise agree, the Borrower shall carry out the Project, through
CNRA and IER, in accordance with the Implementation Program set
forth in Schedule 4 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.02. Except as the Association shall otherwise agree,
procurement of the goods, works and consultants' services required
for the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
shall be governed by the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Agreement.
      Section 3.03. The Borrower shall, to the satisfaction of the
Association:
      (a)   cause CNRA to: (i) submit to the Association for
approval, not later than December 15 of each year, its research
programs and annual budgets; (ii) implement external reviews of at
least five IER's research programs per year, based on impact
evaluations implemented jointly with the Borrower's extension
services; and (iii) complete the first annual external reviews by
June 30, 1997;
      (b)   ensure that as from December 31, 1997 all research
activities carried out by IER are funded solely through contractual
arrangements;
      (c)   furnish to the Association, not later than December 31,
1997 a revised National Strategic Plan for Agricultural Research
approved by CNRA;
      (d)   cause IER to: (i) publish, not later than May 1995 its
first annual highlights (annual report), and not later than December
31, 1996 an inventory and evaluation of past research results; (ii)
issue, not later than May 31, 1996 a first working papers series;
(iii) recruit no later than May 31, 1994 an experienced scientific
editor; (iv) hire, not later than May 31, 1994 a specialized
institution  to design its integrated scientific documentation and
information system; (v) implement a training program acceptable to
the Association; and (vi) adopt, not later than June 30, 1995 a
procurement manual acceptable to the Association;
      (e)   ensure that IER: (i) carries out seed production and
other commercial activities only under contracts with beneficiaries
and on the basis of full cost recovery including a reasonable share
of indirect production costs and overheads; (ii) employs by the end
of 1994 no more than 122 scientists, and limits recruitment of new
scientists so that the total number of scientist does not exceed 140
by December 31, 2000; and (iii) by December 31, 1996 at the latest,
employs only staff under contracts;
      (f)   (i)   cause CNRA and IER to furnish to the Association
six-monthly reports in such detail as the Association shall
reasonably request, indicating, inter alia, the timing of
procurement actions, the completion time for individual contracts,
and the compliance with aggregate limits for methods of procurement;
and (ii) after the first year of Project implementation, carry out
with the Association an assessment of IER's handling of procurement
under the Project;
      (g)   (i)   cause CNRA and IER to establish, not later than
September 30 of each year, their budget funding requirements for the
Borrower's following fiscal year; (ii) confirm, not later than
December 31 of each year, its commitment for budgetary funding of
CNRA and IER during the following year; and (iii) deposit in advance
its annual budgetary contribution, in quarterly tranches, into
CNRA's and IER's accounts in a commercial bank acceptable to the
Association; and
Page  5
      (h)   (i)   until December 31, 1997, channel its funding for
agricultural research directly to IER, except for the funding of
research contracts which shall be channeled through CNRA; and (ii)
thereafter, all public funding for agricultural research shall be
channeled through CNRA.
      Section 3.04. The Borrower shall, for the purpose of carrying
out the Project, cause CNRA and IER to employ and maintain key staff
with qualifications, experience, terms and conditions of employment,
all satisfactory to the Association.
      Section 3.05. Without limitation upon the provisions of
Section 9.01 of the General Conditions:
      (a)   The Borrower and the Association shall not later than
December 31, 1997 conduct a midterm Project implementation review
to: (i) monitor progress of Project implementation on the basis of
the Implementation Progress Indicators referred to in paragraph 2 of
Schedule 4 to this Agreement; (ii) review and update the Strategic
Plan; and (iii) agree on a list of sub-stations to be closed and on
a program for the rehabilitation of the sub-stations to be retained;
      (b)   Not later than six weeks prior to such review, the
Borrower shall cause CNRA to prepare and furnish to the Association
for its review and comments a report in such details as the
Association shall reasonably request, including: (i) an evaluation
of progress achieved in Project implementation; (ii) a draft action
program for the completion of the Project; and (iii) draft of the
updated Strategic Plan; and
      (c)   Promptly after completing the midterm review, carry out
recommendations of the said review as agreed upon between the
Borrower and the Association.
                            ARTICLE IV
                        Financial Covenants
      Section 4.01. (a) The Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, records and accounts adequate to reflect in accordance
with sound accounting practices the operations, resources and
expenditures in respect of the Project of the departments or
agencies of the Borrower responsible for carrying out the Project or
any part thereof.
      (b)   The Borrower shall:
            (i)   have the records and accounts referred to in
                  paragraph (a) of this Section including those for
                  the Special Account for each fiscal year audited,
                  in accordance with appropriate auditing
                  principles consistently applied, by independent
                  auditors acceptable to the Association;
           (ii)   furnish to the Association, as soon as available,
                  but in any case not later than six months after
                  the end of each such year, a certified copy of
                  the report of such audit by said auditors, of
                  such scope and in such detail as the Association
                  shall have reasonably requested; and
          (iii)   furnish to the Association such other information
                  concerning said records, accounts and the audit
                  thereof as the Association shall from time to
                  time reasonably request.
      (c)   For all expenditures with respect to which withdrawals
from the Credit Account were made on the basis of statements of
expenditure, the Borrower shall:
            (i)   maintain, or cause to be maintained, in
                  accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section,
Page  6
                  records and accounts reflecting such
                  expenditures;
           (ii)   retain, until at least one year after the
                  Association has received the audit report for the
                  fiscal year in which the last withdrawal from the
                  Credit Account or payment out of the Special
                  Account was made, all records (contracts, orders,
                  invoices, bills, receipts and other documents)
                  evidencing such expenditures;
          (iii)   enable the Association's representatives to
                  examine such records; and
           (iv)   ensure that such records and accounts are
                  included in the annual audit referred to in
                  paragraph (b) of this Section and that the report
                  of such audit contains a separate opinion by said
                  auditors as to whether the statements of
                  expenditure submitted during such fiscal year,
                  together with the procedures and internal
                  controls involved in their preparation, can be
                  relied upon to support the related withdrawals.
                             ARTICLE V
                    Remedies of the Association
      Section 5.01. Pursuant to Section 6.02 (h) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   as a result of events which have occurred after the date
of this Agreement, a situation shall have arisen which shall make it
improbable that CNRA and/or IER will be able to perform their
respective mandates;
      (b)   Decree No. 93-420/P-RM of November 24, 1993 and/or Law
No. 93-066 P-RM of November 24, 1993, establishing IER, have been
amended, suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect
materially and adversely the ability of CNRA or IER to perform any
of their obligations under their respective mandates;
      (c)   the Borrower or any other authority having jurisdiction
shall have taken any action for the disestablishment of CNRA and/or
IER, or for the suspension of their operations;
      (d)   the Borrower or IER shall have failed to perform any of
their respective obligations under the Performance Agreement under
paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement; and
      (e)   the Performance Agreement shall have been amended,
suspended, abrogated, repealed or waived so as to affect materially
and adversely the Project or the performance of IER of its
obligations under the Performance Agreement.
      Section 5.02. Pursuant to Section 7.01 (d) of the General
Conditions, the following additional events are specified:
      (a)   any event specified in paragraph (a) or (d) of Section
5.01 of this Agreement shall occur and shall continue for a period
of thirty (30) days after notice thereof shall have been given by
the Association to the Borrower; and
      (b)   any event specified in paragraphs (b), (c) or (e) of
Section 5.01 of this Agreement shall occur.
                            ARTICLE VI
                    Effective Date; Termination
      Section 6.01. The following events are specified as additional
conditions to the effectiveness of the Development Credit Agreement
Page  7
within the meaning of Section 12.01 (b) of the General Conditions:
      (a)   the Borrower and IER have signed the performance
agreement referred to in paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement;
      (b)   CNRA's R\1aglement Interieur, acceptable to the
Association, has been approved by the Borrower;
      (c)   IER's director general, internal auditor, scientific
director, financial resources director, technical support services
director, and head of human resources unit; and CNRA's permanent
secretary and financial officer, within CPS, all with terms of
reference and qualifications acceptable to the Association, have
been appointed;
      (d)   Research proposal presentation guidelines, acceptable to
the Association, have been approved by CNRA, and a model contract
for agricultural research has been submitted to the Association for
its approval;
      (e)   the Borrower has completed, to the satisfaction of the
Association, the revision of its research programs on: cattle, small
ruminants, poultry, production systems, natural resource management,
forestry and economics of commodity production, processing and
marketing;
      (f)   The Borrower has: (i) recruited an auditing firm
acceptable to the Association, to carry out the initial IER's audit,
and annual IER's and CNRA's audits, (ii) presented IER's audited
initial balance sheet, and (iii) furnished evidence satisfactory to
the Association of the closure of experimental stations not included
in the list in paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement;
      (g)   IER's Conseil d'Administration has adopted, after review
by CNRA, the following internal manuals acceptable to the
Association: (i) internal organization manual, (ii) personnel
management manual, and (iii) accounting procedures manual; and
      (h)   (i) the Borrower has adopted a new system for the
classification and remuneration of agricultural scientists,
acceptable to the Association, and (ii) based on the results of an
independent external evaluation, IER's Board of Directors has
approved the classification under the new system of IER scientists
or the reassignment of those who are not retained.
      Section 6.02. The date sixty (60) days after the date of this
Agreement is hereby specified for the purposes of Section 12.04 of
the General Conditions.
                            ARTICLE VII
            Representatives of the Borrower; Addresses
      Section 7.01. The Minister of Finance and Trade of the
Borrower is designated as representative of the Borrower for the
purposes of Section 11.03 of the General Conditions.
      Section 7.02. The following addresses are specified for the
purposes of Section 11.01 of the General Conditions.
      For the Borrower:
            Ministry of Finance and
              Trade
            P.O. Box 234
            Bamako, Mali
                                          Telex:
                                            2559
      For the Association:
Page  8
            International Development Association
            1818 H Street, N.W.
            Washington D.C. 20433
            United States of America
            Cable address:                Telex:
                  INDEVAS                    248423 (RCA)
                  Washington D.C.             82987 (FTCC)
                                              64145 (WUI) or
                                             197688 (TRT)
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, acting through their
duly authorized representatives, have caused this Agreement to be
signed in their respective names in the District of Columbia, United
States of America, as of the day and year first above written.
                        REPUBLIC OF MALI
                        By /s/ Siragatou Ibrahim Cisse
                                         Authorized Representative
                        INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION
                        By /s/ Katherine Marshall
                                    Acting Regional Vice President
                                                            Africa
                            SCHEDULE 1
             Withdrawal of the Proceeds of the Credit
1.    The table below sets forth the Categories of items to be
financed out of the proceeds of the Credit, the allocation of the
amounts of the Credit to each Category and the percentage of
expenditures for items so to be financed in each Category:
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(1) Civil Works:                                100% of foreign
                                                expenditures and
                                                95% of local
                                                expenditures
    (a)  under Part D.4        2,480,000
         (a) (i) of the
         Project
    (b)  under Part D.4          350,000
         (a) (ii) of the
         Project
(2) Vehicles,                                   100%
    Equipment, and
    Materials:
    (a)  for CNRA                 70,000
    (b)  for IER               3,290,000
(3) Consultants                                 100%
    Services:
Page  9
    (a)  for CNRA                850,000
    (b)  for IER                 850,000
                             Amount of the
                           Credit Allocated          % of
                             (Expressed in       Expenditures
     Category               SDR Equivalent)     to be Financed
(4) Users Research               280,000        100%
    Fund under Part B.2
    of the Project
(5) Research Contracts         1,910,000        100%
    under Part C.1 of
    the Project
(6) Operating Costs:                            100%
    (a)  for CNRA                570,000
    (b)  for IER               1,170,000
(7) Refunding of               1,060,000        Amounts due pur-
    Project Prepara-                            suant to Section
    tion Advance                                2.02 ( ) of this
                                                Agreement
(8) Unallocated                1,320,000
         TOTAL                14,200,000
                              ==========
2.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "foreign expenditures" means expenditures in
the currency of any country other than that of the Borrower for
goods or services supplied from the territory of any country other
than that of the Borrower;
      (b)   the term "local expenditures" means expenditures in the
currency of the Borrower or for goods or services supplied from the
territory of the Borrower; provided, however, that if the currency
of the Borrower is also that of another country from the territory
of which the goods and services are supplied, expenditures in such
currency for such goods or services shall be deemed to be "foreign
expenditures"; and
      (c)   the terms "operating costs" means expenditures incre-
mental to the Project for contractual staff, travel allowances,
operating and maintenance costs of vehicles, equipment and
buildings, utilities, telecommunications, insurance, office
supplies, research and laboratory supplies.
3.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 above, no
withdrawals shall be made in respect of: (a) payments made for
expenditures prior to the date of this Agreement; (b) expenditures
made under Category (1), until IER has obtained title for the land
required for the rehabilitation of the concerned experiment station
and has sold excess land and buildings; (c) expenditures made under
Category (1) (b), until (i) the midterm review referred in Section
3.05 (a), has agreed on a program for the rehabilitation of the
concerned experiment sub-station; and (d) expenditures under
Category (2) (b), until the Association has approved (i) an
agricultural equipment profile for each of the experiment stations
and sub-stations listed in paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to this
Agreement, (ii) a laboratory study, and (iii) a computerization
plan.
                            SCHEDULE 2
Page  10
                    Description of the Project
      The objective of the Project is to assist the Borrower in
implementing the first six-year phase of its Strategic Plan aiming
at improving the performance of the national agricultural research
system in order to increase agricultural growth.
      The Project consists of the following parts, subject to such
modifications thereof as the Borrower and the Association may agree
upon from time to time to achieve such objectives:
Part A:     Institutional Development
      Support to the Borrower for: (a) the transformation of CNRA
into an entity integrating Research Users; (b) the transformation of
IER into an institution and its reorganization and strengthening;
and (c) the regionalization of agricultural research to bring it
closer to Research Users.
Part B:     Technology Transfer and User Participation
1.    Improving and strengthening the interactions between research
staff, Research Users and extension staff through, inter alia: (a)
farmer participation in setting research objectives and evaluating
its results, (b) the implementation of joint scientist-farmer-
extension agent activities, (c) the introduction of participatory
research methodologies on a systematic basis, including joint
conduct and supervision of on-farm experimentation, (d) on-farm
research for commodity scientists presently working solely on-
station, (e) technical training of extension specialists and
research scientists in communication techniques and team work, (f)
training of extension specialists by research scientists in
communication techniques and team work, (g) implementation of an
incentive system that rewards scientists for work with farmers and
extension agents and for publications intended for the latter, and
(h) introduction of a joint research/extension impact evaluation
system.
2.    Establishment and operation of a pilot user research fund to
finance research on topics selected by farmers or processors
organizations.
\0cPart C:    Research Program Implementation and Management
1.    Support for the implementation of the research programs
included in the Borrower's Strategic Plan.
2.    Strengthening the Borrower's capacities in areas of pro-
gramming, monitoring and evaluation through, inter alia: (i) setting
up mechanisms and procedures to involve Research Users; (ii) train-
ing of scientists in proposal preparation, research methodology,
design and statistical analysis, and participatory methodologies;
and (iii) regular impact evaluations and external evaluations of
research programs.
3.    Strengthening of the Borrower's capacities in the areas of
scientific information, publication and documentation, through,
inter alia: (a) inventory and evaluation of past research results;
(b) establishment within IER of a scientific information, publica-
tion and documentation unit, in charge of publishing IER's research
highlights, annual reports, a working papers series, and brochures
on specific themes for extension agents and policy-makers; and (c)
development of IER's documentation system into an integrated
scientific information system consisting of one center at IER's
headquarters and secondary centers at its lead experiment stations.
4.    Participation of the Borrower's research scientists in
collaborative regional and international research programs.
Part D:     Resource Development and Management
1.    Strengthening of experiment stations development and manage-
Page  11
ment through, inter alia, training of experiment stations heads and
farm managers.
2.    Design and implementation of management information and
accounting system for CNRA and IER.
3.    Strengthening of human resources development and management
through, inter alia, training of staff, short term technical
assistance and partnership arrangements with foreign specialized
institutions.
4.    (a)   Rehabilitation of: (i) IER headquarters, experiment
stations and laboratories; and (ii) substations; and (b) renewal of
research plants and equipment, including: acquisition of laboratory,
agricultural and computing equipment, vehicles, and communication,
publication and library equipment.
                               * * *
      The Project is expected to be completed by June 30, 2001.
                          SCHEDULE 3
               Procurement and Consultants' Services
Section I.  Procurement of Goods and Works
Part A:     International Competitive Bidding
1.    Except as provided in Part C hereof, goods shall be procured
under contracts awarded in accordance with procedures consistent
with those set forth in  Sections I and II of the "Guidelines for
Procurement under IBRD Loans and IDA Credits" published by the Bank
in May 1992 (the Guidelines), subject to the following
modifications:
      (a)   For fixed-price contracts, the invitations to bid
referred to in paragraph 2.13 of the Guidelines shall provide that,
when contract award is delayed beyond the original bid validity
period, the successful bidder's bid price will be increased for each
week of delay by two predisclosed correction factors acceptable to
the Association, one to be applied to all foreign currency
components and the other to the local currency component of the bid
price. Such an increase shall not be taken into account in the bid
evaluation.
      (b)   In the procurement of goods in accordance with Parts A
and C.1 of this Schedule, the Borrower shall use the relevant
standard bidding documents issued by the Bank, with such modifi-
cations thereto as the Association shall have agreed to be necessary
for the purpose of the Project. Where no relevant standard bidding
documents have been issued by the Bank, the Borrower shall use
bidding documents based on other internationally recognized standard
forms agreed with the Association.
2.    To the extent practicable, contracts for goods shall be
grouped into bid packages estimated to cost the equivalent of
$200,000 or more.
3.    For the purposes of the preshipment inspection of goods
imported under the Project, no price verification shall be conducted
in respect of goods to which Parts A and C.1 of this Schedule apply.
\0cPart B:    Preference for Domestic Manufacturers
      In the procurement of goods in accordance with the procedures
described in Part A.1 hereof, goods manufactured in Mali may be
granted a margin of preference in accordance with, and subject to,
the provisions of paragraphs 2.55 and 2.56 of the Guidelines and
paragraphs 1 through 4 of Appendix 2 thereto.
Part C:     Other Procurement Procedures
Page  12
1.    Items, or groups of items, for specialized scientific and
agricultural equipment estimated to cost the equivalent of up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $1,000,000, may be procured under
contracts awarded through limited international bidding procedures
on the basis of evaluation and comparison of bids obtained from a
list of qualified suppliers eligible under the Guidelines and
acceptable to the Association and in accordance with procedures set
forth in Sections I and II of the Guidelines (excluding paragraphs
2.8, 2.9, 2.55, 2.56 thereof).
2.    Items, or groups of items, for civil works estimated to cost
the equivalent of up to an aggregate amount equivalent to $4,500,000
may be procured under contracts awarded on the basis of competitive
bidding, advertised locally, in accordance with procedures
satisfactory to the Association.
3.    Items, or groups of items, for minor spare parts and
replacement of small quantities of vehicles and equipment, estimated
to cost the equivalent of $50,000 or less per contract, up to an
aggregate amount equivalent to $300,000 may be procured either: (a)
under contracts awarded on the basis of comparison of price
quotations obtained from at least three suppliers eligible under the
Guidelines, in accordance with procedures acceptable to the
Association; or (b) through the UNDP Inter-Agency Procurement
Office.
Part D:     Review by the Association of Procurement Decisions
1.    Review of invitations to bid and of proposed awards and final
contracts:
      (a)   With respect to each contract for goods estimated to
cost the equivalent of $100,000 or more and each contract for works
estimated to cost the equivalent of $200,000, the procedures set
forth in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall
apply. After the first year of Project implementation, and subject
to the review by the Association of IER's ability to handle
procurement satisfactorily, the above thresholds may be increased to
$200,000 and $500,000, respectively. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract required to be furnished to the Association pursuant to
said paragraph 2 (d) shall be furnished to the Association prior to
the making of the first payment out of the Special Account in
respect of such contract.
      (b)   With respect to each contract not governed by the
preceding paragraph, the procedures set forth in paragraphs 3 and 4
of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines shall apply. Where payments for such
contract are to be made out of the Special Account, such procedures
shall be modified to ensure that the two conformed copies of the
contract together with the other information required to be
furnished to the Association pursuant to said paragraph 3 shall be
furnished to the Association as part of the evidence to be furnished
pursuant to paragraph 4 of Schedule 5 to this Agreement.
      (c)   The provisions of the preceding subparagraph (b) shall
not apply to contracts on account of which withdrawals from the
Credit Account are to be made on the basis of statements of
expenditure.
2.    The figure of 15% is hereby specified for purposes of
paragraph 4 of Appendix 1 to the Guidelines.
Section II.  Employment of Consultants
1.    In order to assist the Borrower in carrying out the Project,
the Borrower shall employ consultants whose qualifications,
experience and terms and conditions of employment shall be
satisfactory to the Association. Such consultants shall be selected
in accordance with principles and procedures satisfactory to the
Association on the basis of the "Guidelines for the Use of
Page  13
Consultants by World Bank Borrowers and by the World Bank as
Executing Agency" published by the Bank in August 1981. For complex,
time-based assignments, the Borrower shall employ consultants under
contracts using the standard form issued by the Bank, with such
modifications as shall have been agreed by the Association. Where no
relevant standard contract documents have been issued by the Bank,
the Borrower shall use other standard forms agreed with the
Association.
2.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Section,
the provisions of the Consultant Guidelines requiring prior Bank
review or approval of budgets, short lists, selection procedures,
letters of invitation, proposals evalutation reports and contracts
shall not apply to contracts estimated to cost less than $100,000
equivalent each. However, this exception to prior Bank review shall
not apply to the terms of reference for such contracts nor to the
employment of individuals, to single source selection of firms, to
assignments of a critical nature as reasonably determined by the
Bank or to amendments of contracts raising the contract value to
$100,000 or above.
                             SCHEDULE 4
                      Implementation Program
1.    Implementation.
      (a)   Under the authority of the Borrower's Minister
responsible for rural development, CNRA will be the main body
responsible for the preparation and the supervision of the execution
of the Borrower's agricultural research policy. CNRA will also be
responsible for the concertation and the coordination between all
parties involved in agricultural research, including donors and
Research Users. CNRA will be responsible for the administration of
agricultural research conventions financed by the Borrower and
participating donors. As from the fourth year of Project
Implementation, all agricultural research programs financed by the
Borrower and the Association will be executed under contractual
arrangements. CNRA will review all research proposals and mandate
independent financial and scientific audits of all research
programs. The Borrower and IER will conclude a Performance
Agreement, acceptable to the Association, for the implementation of
the Borrower's Strategic Plan. The performance agreement will
include, inter alia, the Implementation Progress Indicators listed
in the following paragraph 2. The CPS will act as permanent
secretary of CNRA.
      (b)   The Institut d'Economie Rurale (IER) will be the
principal implementing agency responsible for carrying out the
Project, including all procurement of works, goods and services.
2.    Implementation Progress Indicators.
      -     number of new technologies released for dissemination;
      -     progress made in the implementation of research
            contracting arrangements (percentage in terms of value
            of research activities implemented under contractual
            arrangements, and improvement in quality and relevance
            of research proposals (i.e number accepted as a
            percentage of number proposed);
      -     training received and delivered as compared to initial
            program;
      -     number of impact assessments and external reviews as
            compared to initial schedule;
      -     number of research contracts funded by the pilot User
            Research Fund (number and value as percentage of total
            initial fund);
Page  14
      -     number of local working group meetings and number of
            monthly meetings with extension staff (subject matters
            specialists) attended;
      -     implementation of research programming procedures
            (timeliness of meetings);
      -     publication of the Annual Report (timeliness), number of
            scientific publications, and number of publications for
            extension services;
      -     progress with the rehabilitation of research
            infrastructure (value completed as percentage of
            originally scheduled);
      -     equipment procurement (value purchased as percentage of
            originally scheduled); and
      -     progress with the consolidation of donors funding
            (percentage of total funds coordinated through CNRA as
            compared to aggregate funding available).
3.    List of Stations and Substations under Part D(a)(i) and (ii)
      of the Project.
      -     Stations:          Sotuba, Baguineda, Sikasso, N'Tarla,
                               Niono, Cinzana, Mopti, and Samhungarumlaut;
      -     Substations:       Katibougou, Tierouala, Kebila,
                               Longorola, Finkolo-Farako, Kogoni,
                               Koula, Baramandougou, Koporo,
                               Segala, Bema, and Kita.\0cSCHEDULE 5
                          Special Account
1.    For the purposes of this Schedule:
      (a)   the term "eligible Categories" means Categories (2) (a),
(3) (a), (4), (5), and (6) (a) set forth in the table in paragraph
1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, for special account A, and
Categories (1), (2) (b), (3) (b), and (6) (b) set forth in the table
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement, for special account
B;
      (b)   the term "eligible expenditures" means expenditures in
respect of the reasonable cost of goods and services required for
the Project and to be financed out of the proceeds of the Credit
allocated from time to time to the eligible Categories in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Agreement; and
      (c)   the term "Authorized Allocation" means: (i) an amount
equivalent to $250,000 to be withdrawn from the Credit Account and
deposited in the Special Account A pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of
this Schedule; and (ii) an amount equivalent to $500,000 to be
withdrawn from the Credit Account and deposited in the Special
Account B pursuant to paragraph 3 (a) of this Schedule.
2.    Payments out of the Special Account shall be made exclusively
for eligible expenditures in accordance with the provisions of this
Schedule.
3.    After the Association has received evidence satisfactory to it
that the Special Account has been duly opened, withdrawals of the
Authorized Allocation and subsequent withdrawals to replenish the
Special Account shall be made as follows:
      (a)   For withdrawals of the Authorized Allocation, the
Borrower shall furnish to the Association a request or requests for
a deposit or deposits which do not exceed the aggregate amount of
the Authorized Allocation. On the basis of such request or requests,
the Association shall, on behalf of the Borrower, withdraw from the
Credit Account and deposit into the Special Account such amount or
amounts as the Borrower shall have requested.
Page  15
      (b)   (i)    For replenishment of the Special Account, the
                   Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   requests for deposits into the Special Account
                   at such intervals as the Association shall
                   specify.
           (ii)    Prior to, or at the time of each such request,
                   the Borrower shall furnish to the Association
                   the documents and other evidence required
                   pursuant to paragraph 4 of this Schedule for the
                   payment or payments in respect of which
                   replenishment is requested. On the basis of each
                   such request, the Association shall, on behalf
                   of the Borrower, withdraw from the Credit
                   Account and deposit into the Special Account
                   such amount as the Borrower shall have requested
                   and as shall have been shown by said documents
                   and other evidence to have been paid out of the
                   Special Account for eligible expenditures.
All such deposits shall be withdrawn by the Association from the
Credit Account under the respective eligible Categories, and in the
respective equivalent amounts, as shall have been justified by said
documents and other evidence.
4.    For each payment made by the Borrower out of the Special
Account, the Borrower shall, at such time as the Association shall
reasonably request, furnish to the Association such documents and
other evidence showing that such payment was made exclusively for
eligible expenditures.
5.    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 3 of this
Schedule, the Association shall not be required to make further
deposits into the Special Account:
      (a)   if, at any time, the Association shall have determined
that all further withdrawals should be made by the Borrower directly
from the Credit Account in accordance with the provisions of Article
V of the General Conditions and paragraph (a) of Section 2.02 of
this Agreement; or
      (b)   once the total unwithdrawn amount of the Credit
allocated to the eligible Categories, less the amount of any
outstanding special commitment entered into by the Association
pursuant to Section 5.02 of the General Conditions with respect to
the Project, shall equal the equivalent of twice the amount of the
Authorized Allocation.
Thereafter, withdrawal from the Credit Account of the remaining
unwithdrawn amount of the Credit allocated to the eligible
Categories shall follow such procedures as the Association shall
specify by notice to the Borrower. Such further withdrawals shall be
made only after, and to the extent that, the Association shall have
been satisfied that all such amounts remaining on deposit in the
Special Account as of the date of such notice will be utilized in
making payments for eligible expenditures.
6.    (a)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any payment out of the Special Account: (i) was made for an
expenditure or in an amount not eligible pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this Schedule; or (ii) was not justified by the evidence furnished
to the Association, the Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from
the Association: (A) provide such additional evidence as the
Association may request; or (B) deposit into the Special Account
(or, if the Association shall so request, refund to the Association)
an amount equal to the amount of such payment or the portion thereof
not so eligible or justified. Unless the Association shall otherwise
agree, no further deposit by the Association into the Special
Account shall be made until the Borrower has provided such evidence
or made such deposit or refund, as the case may be.
Page  16
      (b)   If the Association shall have determined at any time
that any amount outstanding in the Special Account will not be
required to cover further payments for eligible expenditures, the
Borrower shall, promptly upon notice from the Association, refund to
the Association such outstanding amount.
      (c)   The Borrower may, upon notice to the Association, refund
to the Association all or any portion of the funds on deposit in the
Special Account.
      (d)   Refunds to the Association made pursuant to paragraphs
6 (a), (b) and (c) of this Schedule shall be credited to the Credit
Account for subsequent withdrawal or for cancellation in accordance
with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, including the
General Conditions.
